
James Edward Prince Jr.
*** ******* **.
Sumter, S.C. 29154
803-***-**** or 803-***-****
ac701c@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY

Technically distinguished Manufacturing and Fabrication Professional with extensive experience in High Production Automotive Parts, Drafting, Design, Reverse Engineering, AutoCAD, MasterCam, Drawing Maintenance, Tool and Die Making, Mold Design, Fabrication, and Servicing, Tool and Equipment Repair, Engineering, Supervision, Project Management, and Manufacturing. Skilled in the operation and servicing of a wide range of machine tools, vacuum furnaces, heat treat equipment, quality control equipment, and CNC programming. Awarded patent No. 5,570,494 for a unique tool design – in production since 1993. Highly productive team leader dedicated to facilitating high standards and performance from team members, vendors, and support personnel involved with production operations, and tooling service, design, fabrication, and servicing. I am dedicated to adherence of safety rules, required policies, procedures, and job duties. I have led and participated in team efforts for Kanban, 5S, SPC, ISO certifications, Continuous Improvement, Root Cause Analysis, Scrap Reduction, and Employee Activities.

TRAINING / CERTIFICATIONS / AWARDS
MasterCam Entry Mastercam Advanced
MasterCam Lathe AutoCAD
EasyCAD Non-Traditional Machining
Project Management Dale Carnegie
Okuma Lathe Operations Okuma Long Hand Lathe
Okuma Grinder Programming Rubber Molding and Design
Statistical Process Control Sheet Metal Forming
Locksmithing-Advanced Locksmithing-Professional
Patent No. 5,570,494

EXPERIENCE

Eaton Corp., Sumter, SC
Switchboard Technician (January 2017-December 2018)
Process switchboard job builds
Duties and activities to include items listed below:
oAutoCAD drawing creation and/or editing.
oBill of Material creation, editing, and publishing.
oOrdering of missing materials.
oCorrection of any generated or hidden document errors.
oAssist manufacturing floor personnel with any problems as needed.
oComplete all individual safety and training requirements.
oPursue any process, software, or procedural improvements or corrections.

Manchester Fluid Power, Pinewood, SC
Operations Manager (July 2015-August 2016)
Provide technical support and leadership to meet the building and/or repair aspects of industrial hydraulic cylinders.
Maintain department workflow with adequate job planning and implementation. Systems created to properly launch and monitor major projects and spending.
Coordinate the ordering of all damaged or unusable tools and components used to manufacture product and normal day to day consumables.
Provide reverse engineering for components without fabrication blueprints that require replacement.
Supervise hourly personnel involved with production, tool servicing, and tool maintenance.
Ordered all maintenance and consumable supplies for all CNC equipment.

Caterpillar Hydraulics, Sumter, SC (EASi)
Manufacturing Engineer – New Product Introduction Team (NPI) (May 2014-April 2015)
Provide technical efforts for all plant tooling and manufacturing related issues for new product introduction.
Coordinate the ordering of all damaged or unusable tools and components used to manufacture product.
Manage several tooling projects at any one time. These range from new tool builds, addressing customer quality concerns, reduce tooling scrap rates, competitive bidding of consumables, development of vendors, and many others.
Provide reverse engineering for components without fabrication blueprints that require replacement.
Assigned the responsibility of generating production routes and tool lists for new product production runs.

APEX Tool, Sumter, SC (Norman Williams)
(Manufacturer of hand tools)
Tool Engineer (Feb.2014-May 2014)
Provide technical efforts for all plant tooling related issues.
Coordinate the ordering of all damaged or unusable tools and components used to manufacture product.
Manage several tooling projects at any one time. These range from new tool builds, addressing customer quality concerns, reduce tooling scrap rates, competitive bidding of consumables, development of vendors, and many others.
Provide reverse engineering for components without fabrication blueprints that require replacement.
Supervise hourly personnel involved with production, tool servicing, and tool maintenance.

FEDERAL-MOGUL, Orangeburg, SC (Kelly/SMX)
(Manufacturer of brake pads for the automotive industry)
Tool Engineer (June 2012-Feb. 2014)
Provide technical efforts for all plant tooling related issues.
Coordinate the ordering of all damaged or unusable mold tools and components used to manufacture product.
Manage over a dozen open projects at any one time. These range from new mold tool builds, addressing customer quality concerns, reduce tooling scrap rates, competitive bidding of consumables, development of vendors, and many others.
Provide reverse engineering for mold components without fabrication blueprints that require replacement.
Develop and improve new and prototype tooling and gages. These components address production requirements and result in continuous improvements in the tool life, use, or process.
Supervise hourly personnel involved with tool cleaning, servicing, and maintenance.
Manage the mold cleaning schedule. All (40) mold presses in my area of support were 30-45 days past due for cleaning when I was hired. None were past due for cleaning and servicing after my first month.
I was responsible for monitoring and maintaining required levels of chemicals and consumables used in the areas I supervised.

Mid-State Tooling, Manning, SC
(Job Shop)
Shop Supervisor (July 2011-May 2012)
Coordinate daily workflow, manage employee efforts, and perform machining as needed.
Manage daily workflow to insure observance of priorities and job scheduling.
Monitor and direct floor employee activities and performance.
Implement and insure compliance with management directives and expectations.
Perform machining as required utilizing the necessary machine tools. Some of the machining involved mold components for the medical industry.

FEDERAL-MOGUL, Athens, AL
(Manufacturer of oil seals and gaskets for the automotive industry)
Stamping Department Engineer (October 2010- June 2011)
Provided all technical assistance to implement relocated stamping department.
Coordinating the service, repair, and installation of six stamping presses ranging in size from 60 to 300 ton. Installation includes repair and installation of all die safety components.
Produce stamping jobs as per quality requirements and schedules.
Develop and improve new and prototype tooling to meet production requirements.
Purchase all components and hardware to meet department stamping requirements.
Provide legacy engineering information for all areas of the plant. Efforts included mentoring new employees.

FEDERAL-MOGUL, Summerton, S.C.
(Manufacturer of oil seals and gaskets for the automotive industry)
Tool Room Supervisor (June 2000- October 2010)
Managed and ran a tool and die shop supporting production tooling for a global manufacturer of automotive components in a just in time production environment.
Successfully fabricate tooling for new and mold prototypes for customer launches. Managed fabrication of over 150 production mold sets and over 200 sample molds.
Implemented the use of MasterCAM software to generate computer aided machining CNC programs for all CNC machines at Summerton.
Continuously strive to increase department capability, output, and performance.
Maintain department workflow with adequate job planning and implementation. Systems created to properly launch and monitor major projects and spending.
Ensure adequate numbers of trained employees through skill survey audits. The department has never experienced an inability to perform required tasks due to insufficient numbers of trained employees.
Successfully improved the performance of stamping dies with a unique die servicing methodology. Custom PROGRESSIVE DIE MAINTENANCE CHARTS were created for our progressive stamping dies and the stamping die performances rose over 50%.
Implemented world class stamping die program designated BLUE RIBBON DIE SERVICE. This program was presented at a global company gathering in Germany and touted the greater than 95% reliability of the stamping dies and was deemed a World Class Program.
Created system to manage new tool launches. System enabled greater planning, control, and implementation during tool builds.
Active participant in the DuPont STOP Safety Program.

FEDERAL-MOGUL, Summerton, S.C.
(Manufacturer of oil seals and gaskets for the automotive industry)
Tool Designer (Jan.1996-May 2000)
Designed numerous production and sample molds, stamping dies, gages, fixtures, and special tooling unique to plant requirements.
Wrote document and drawing control procedures necessary to meet ISO 9000 requirements. Process streamlined and controlled drawing revisions, thereby reducing substantially the use of out of date drawings.
Documented and published mold and mold accessory tooling design standards for use by all department employees. There were no written or shared design standards until this was implemented.
Performed design, drafting, and maintenance on over 800 drawings.
Provided leadership, training, and guidance for new and co-op employees.
Worked continuously to improve and simplify tooling designs.

FEDERAL-MOGUL, Summerton, S.C.
(Manufacturer of oil seals and gaskets for the automotive industry)
Tool Room Supervisor (May 1987- Dec.1995)
Supervised and ran a tool and die shop supporting production tooling for a global manufacturer of automotive components in a just in time production environment.
Independently envisioned, created, and proposed the Vent/Notch/Stake (VNS) Shaft Seal Finishing Die. Awarded patent No. 5,570,494 for this unique tool design. This tool design prevented a loss of two million dollars annually in sales since 1993. The quality of parts produced was raised, customer concerns almost disappeared, and headcount was reduced by one employee per shift. There are currently ten of these dies in use.
Successfully changed over the department to work in a just-in-time environment. We went from thinking in months to days. Sample fabrication time was reduced from 3-4 weeks to 5-7 workdays.
Wrote department procedures and work instructions. Substantially increased department performance and employee accountability.
Met compliance requirements for Ford’s Q1, and General Motors “Targets for Excellence quality control programs. The plant was awarded and maintained these certifications until upgraded to the ISO system.
Purchased and launched all machine tool purchases – including operator/programmer training.

FEDERAL-MOGUL, Summerton, S.C.
(Manufacturer of oil seals and gaskets for the automotive industry)
Tool Room Specialist (Sept.1977- Apr.1987)
Performed daily machine tool operations required to build, service, repair, and maintain production tools, molds, and dies.
Mastered all machine tools within the department.
Mastered all aspects of tool building, servicing, and maintenance.
CNC programmer for over 750 programs.
Operated all furnaces and ovens involved in the heat treatment of tool steel.

EDUCATION
SUMTER HIGH SCHOOL, Sumter S.C.
Diploma
CENTRAL CAROLINA TECHNICAL COLLEGE, Sumter S.C.
Diploma – Machine Shop I
Diploma – Tool and Die
UNIVERSITY OF SOUTH CAROLINA, Sumter S.C.
Attended Classes for Two Years (BSME)

COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT
Cook Meals for Homeless
Build, Repair, and Assemble Church Event Components
Provide Manpower and Support for Church Events
Assist with Public School Art Program

Prince, James Resume 12-11-18

Contact this candidate
