
Edward J. Gard
**** **** **** *****, ** ***** ac70h6@r.postjobfree.com

Extensive experience in and knowledge of the manufacturing industry with a clear focus on quality and engineering paired with strong educational background and proven leadership and organizational skills. Results-driven professional known for quickly developing trusting relationships allowing for company growth through return business and referrals. Known for applying refined problem resolution abilities to manage new projects while creating a positive work environment.

Education

Bachelor of Science in Organizational Management
Bethel College Mishawaka, IN Graduated Summa Cum Laude 2004

Associate of Applied Science in Engineering
Southwestern Michigan College Dowagiac, MI Graduated 1998

ASQ Certified Quality Technician Completed 1997

OPEX Green Belt Training Completed 2014

Engineering Certificate (2 year program)
Southwestern Michigan College Dowagiac, MI Completed 1996

Professional Experience
Quality Manager
Plastic Molding Mfg. South Bend, IN June 2018 to November 2018 (Position eliminated, company downsize)
Address customer requirements, requests as well as concerns
Implement corrective actions and audit effectiveness
Work on cross functional teams internally and with suppliers.
Update and create job instructions for in-process inspection
Evaluate product for conformance to specifications.
Provide feedback to suppliers as SQE contact.
Participate in nonconforming material reviews (NCMR's)
Participate in part qualification and first run approval.
Issue quality alerts to raise awareness of possible manufacturing issues.
Provide procedures and work instructions with great detail

Laboratory Automation Calibration Technician
Whirlpool Benton Harbor, MI August 2013 to June 2018
Thermo Chamber trouble shooting and calibration
Electronic and Variable gage calibration
Component fixture gaging and measurement strategies
Drawing interpretation and problem solving
Fixtures/ Lab support
Circuit board construction and testing
Set-up and program Coordinate Measuring Machines
Volts/Amps/Watts Calibration
Supplier Issues-Support

Quality Engineer
AluTech Stevensville, MI August 2012 to August 2013
Investigate internal manufacturing issues
Participate in manufacturing process improvements
Create Production Part Approval Process (PPAP) documents
Conduct floor process audits to insure product conformity.
Improve inspection methods
Set-up and program Coordinate Measuring Machines
Create procedures and work instructions with great detail

Quality Engineer
Hoosier Molded Products South Bend, IN October 2009 to August 2012
Address customer requirements, requests as well as concerns
Implement corrective actions and audit effectiveness
Update and create Production Part Approval Process (PPAP) documents
Conduct floor process and dock audits to insure product conformity.
Update and create inspection logs for in-process inspection
Sort Verification of suspect material
Participate in nonconforming material reviews (NCMR's)
Issue quality alerts to raise awareness of possible manufacturing issues.
Provide procedures and work instructions with great detail

Quality Engineer
Mack Tool and Engineering South Bend, IN March 2009 to October 2009
Responsible for process documentation and reporting production and measurable.
Conducted routine floor audits to ensure jobs are properly routed, inspected and documented.
Held title of AS9001 Auditor
Created visual aids that reduced inspection time by 60%.
Trained employees in gaging, inspection and use of documentation system.
Team Leader in continuous improvement efforts such as 5S and lean manufacturing.

Metrology Technician
Yoh Managed Staffing Troy, MI January 2009 to March 2009
Inspected precision molded components
Served as Opticss/Smartscope Programmer and CMM Programmer
SPC and PPAP

Quality Manager/Lead Quality Technician
Apollo Precision Machine South Bend, IN July 2007 to July 2008
Rewrote existing quality manual and procedures to obtain continued certification as ISO 9001 Management Representative
Responsible for completion of internal and external CARs
Implemented continuous improvement efforts such as 5S and lean manufacturing in the quality department which reduced inspection throughput put times
Coordinated ISO internal audits as well as supplier and third party audits
Conducted first piece, first article (ISIR), in-process, receiving and final inspections
Contract review and reviewed tooling and gauging needs prior to production
Processed operation routings and PPAP approvals
Served as primary resource for internal and external GDT interpretation and requirements
Coordinated Root Cause Analysis and failure analysis.
Coordinated Measuring Machine and wrote CMM programs for product approval

Quality Technician – BAP QA Department
Bosch Automation Products Buchanan, MI March 1995 to July 2007
Responsible for issuing and closure of Supplier Corrective Actions
Played a key role in continuous improvement efforts such as 5S and lean manufacturing
ISO 9001 internal auditor and participated in supplier assessment audits
Conducted first piece, first article (ISIR), in-process, receiving and final inspections
Wrote department procedures to maintain ISO compliance for ISO 9001
Conducted internal as well as coordinated external tool calibrations
Responsible for reviewing validity of Engineering changes as well as implementation
Served as primary resource for internal and external GDT interpretation and requirements
Conducted Root cause Analysis, 8D, 5y’s, fishbone, and disruption management
Coordinate Measuring Machine and wrote CMM programs for product approval

CNC Machinist
Bosch Automation Products Buchanan, MI March 1993 to March 1995
Mazak Lathe/Mazak AJV Machining Center
Maintained responsibility for new machine set-up as acquired
Wrote programs for Computerized Numerical Controlled mills and lathes
Demonstrated innovation through introducing new tooling and machining methods which reduced manufacturing times
Designed and created setup sheets and documentation which reduced set-up times
Trained new and existing employees in programming and machining methods

CNC Machinist Technician
Master Metal Engineering South Bend, IN June 1992 to March 1993
Setup and Operation; CNC Okuma LB-8, LB-10 and LB-15 lathes

Supervisor of CNC Department
Micro Machine Company Portage, MI October 1991 to June 1992
Managed departmental production scheduling
Maintained company/employee relations including responsibility for hiring and discipline
Training new and existing employees in programming and machining methods
Oversaw manufacturing issues and continuous improvement

CNC Lathe Programmer and Operator
Querry Corporation (subsidiary of Hess Engineering) Edwardsburg, MI July 1987 to October 1991
Programmed and operated CNC Mazak M-5 Lathe
Provided direct leadership over the CNC Department
Ordered new tooling and perishable tooling
Quoted job run times and tooling requirements

CNC Programmer and Operator
Hess Engineering, Inc. Niles, MI June 1983 to July 1987
Programmed and Operated CNC Mazak M-4 lathe, CNC Mazak Slant Turn, Dual Turret lathe, CNC Bridgeport Series 2 mill and G&L CNC Boring mill
Lead person of CNC Lathe Department consisting of up to eight employees
Transferred from this position to Head Lathe Department at sister plant (Querry Corp.)

TRAINING RECORD

1. Certificate of Attendance-Mazatrol M32 Conversational Jun-95
Mazak Corporation

2. Two Year certificate-Engineering Technology Jun-96
Southwestern Michigan College

3. Certificate of Completion-Precision Metrology with CMMs Jun-96
Society of Manufacturing Engineers

4. Certificate of Completion-CMM Fundamentals Jun-96
Society of Manufacturing Engineers

5. Certificate of Completion-Geopak 2100 Jul-96
Mitutoyo Corporation

6. Certificate of Completion-Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing Dec-96
Society of Manufacturing Engineers

7. ASQ Certified Quality Technician Oct-97
American Society of Quality

8. Quality Technician Review Course Nov-97
Indiana University at South Bend

9. Associate in Applied Science Degree-Engineering Technology May-98
Southwestern Michigan College

10. Certificate of Accomplishment-Internal Auditing for QS9000 May-98
Omnex, Inc.

11. Certificate of Accomplishment-Gage R&R Feb-00
Mitutoyo Corporation

12. Certificate of Accomplishment-Gage Calibration Feb-00
Mitutoyo Corporation

13. Certificate of Completion-Microsoft Access 97 Level 1 Aug-00
IKON Technology Services

14. Certificate of Completion-Internal Auditing Mar-01
Indiana University at South Bend

15. Certificate of Accomplishment-Design and Process FMEA Aug-01
Indiana University at South Bend

16. Certificate of Completion-Calypso Basic Apr-01
Zeiss Corporation

17. Certificate of Accomplishment-Supplier Management Oct-01
Indiana University at South Bend

18. Certificate of Completion-Calypso Advanced Apr-02
Zeiss Corporation

19. Bachelor of Science Degree in Liberal Arts-Organizational Mgmt. Program May-04
Bethel College, IN

20. Certificate of Completion-Corrective and Preventive Actions Feb-05
Eastern Michigan University-Center for Quality

21. Lean Manufacturing Dec-09
Ivy Tech. University

22. Certificate of Achievement- TS16949:2009 Internal Auditing Jul-11
Intertek, Kentwood MI

Contact this candidate
