
OBJECTIVE
My objective is to obtain a position in which I can expand my vast and construction knowledge and skills.

SKILLS

Skilled Laborer Residential Laborer
Rough Framing Drywall Installation
Ceramic floor Installation Commercial floor Installation
Carpentry Minor Plumbing
Electrical Kitchen and Bath re-facing
Cabinetry

WORK EXPERIENCE

Skilled Laborer
March 2009 - Present
Cyrus Construction Cleveland, OH
Assist in building structures for residential and construction sites. Participate in demolitions. Remove trees and debris. Mix concrete. Pump concrete, grout, cement, sand, or plaster. Use spray guns for application of material to ceilings or walls.
Assist construction managers. Read blueprints and designs. Dig trenches.
Assist installing of sewer and water drainpipes. Operate laser guidance equipment to place pipes. Operate air, electric, and pneumatic drills. Remove hazardous materials.
Operate pavement breakers; jackhammers; earth tampers; concrete, mortar, and plaster mixers. Control robotic pipe cutters and cleaners. Survey and measure equipment.

Landscaper
September 2013 - January 2014
Green by Chatto LLC. Cleveland, OH
Perform groundskeeping and building maintenance duties. Mow lawn either by hand or riding lawnmower. Landscape by planting flowers, grass, shrubs, and bushes. Apply pesticide to rid grounds of pests such as mosquitos, wasps, and others. Apply fertilizer to ground to enhance growth. Shovel snow from walkways and sprinkle ice down. Perform routine maintenance duties such as applying plaster and fixing fountains. Sweep walkway of debris. Cut down tree limbs that are posing a danger. Trim shrubs and pull weeds. Rake, mulch, and prune the grounds as needed. Install rock, cement, lighting, water, and furniture. Water plants and grass as needed and apply fertilizer.

Skilled Laborer
June 2006 - December 2009
Better Construction Cleveland, OH
Construct retaining walls and fences. Assist construct or tear down buildings Load and unload structure materials and move materials about in work areas. Direct traffic at or near building sites; and carry out other activities as directed. Maintain and plant gardens. Operate machinery for instance mowers or material breakers. Maintain tools and equipment. Construct scaffolding. Dig trenches and place pipes or cables for drains and extra services. Clean up work sites. Shift equipment and materials. Take delivery of materials and cargo from suppliers. Mix, transfer and extend materials for example concrete and asphalt. Remove debris and trash at construction sites using wheelbarrows.

CNC Operator/Machinist
February 2004 - May 2005
Areway Inc. Cleveland, OH
Plate, Polishing, and shipping of car rims.

Machine Operator
January 1999 - November 2000
Avery Dennison Mentor, OH

Manufacturing roles of tape. Packaging slit rolls to customer specifications, operating the manual packaging line, cutting cores, banding, etc . Sort, label, and package finished goods for shipment. Inspect general appearance of finished product.
Keep area supplied with necessary packaging materials. Prepare cores for machine operators. Communicate and coordinate necessary information to appropriate shift/department personnel. Track multiple orders being packed at one time.
Perform duties to continuously improve quality and productivity. Assist in equipment maintenance activities as directed.

Punch Press Operator
February 1999 - January 2000
Key Gas Components Cleveland, OH

Set up and operate presses with tonnage ranging from 100 to 400 Tons.

EDUCATION
Eastside High School 8/1992-6/1996
High School Diploma

Cuyahoga Community College 8/2012- Current Major: A.S Recording Arts Technology

Some College Coursework Completed, Recording Arts Technology,
August 2012

Contact this candidate
