
Home Address: Brgy. Banadero Calamba City, Laguna, Philippines
Mobile No: 094********

Email Address: ac71g5@r.postjobfree.com

Joselito Victoriano Luistro

JOB OBJECTIVE:
To be connected with an established company where my skills and abilities can be tapped and maximized effectively: Preferably a position in manufacturing or production and to manifest career advancement.

WORK EXPERIENCE:
I.Middle East Plastic Industries
Jeddah, Industrial city (Phase Five), Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
Dec 17, 2017 – Oct. 2018
General Machine Operator: Injection Molding
Machine handled
EREMA plastic recycling machine / ZERMA Granulator machine
Haitian injection machine (650, 1080, 1200, 2800 tons)
ETTLINGER injection machine 2500 tons
Extrusion Blow molding machine.
Job Description
Conduct troubleshooting, repair and preventive maintenance of production machine and equipment.
Knowledge to set up the mold into machines and tooling including but not limited to ejector, water, nozzle, temperature controller, and auxiliary equipment.
To conduct regular quality inspection and testing to ensure product quality meets or exceed expectations.
Observe safety rules within the manufacturing area.
Provide support and assistance for more than one line depending on production demands
Responsible for completing and documenting quality control activities in a timely manner.

II. Cal-Comp Precision Philippines
FPIP 2, Sta. Anastacia, Sto. Tomas, Batangas
June 2017 up to December 2017
Position: Injection Molding Technician
●Responsible for parameter checking (hard copy versus actual during production)
●Responsible for major trouble shooting and assist technicians during production
●Conduct roving inspection of parts during production time
●Gathers report, daily production output, coordinate with line leaders and reports and log all trouble encountered

III. Petro Chemical Conversion Company
August 25 2015 to March 8,2017
Jubail II Industrial City, KSA
Job Description: Injection molding and Blow molding Operator
Department : Caps and Closure plant & Medical Pharma Plant.

Duties and Responsibilities:
●Follow procedure to produce product that meets all quality standards.
●Complete all training program that ensure the highest quality of product.
●Participate in continuous improvement teams and effort for IM, IBM and extrusion equipment.
●Responsible for completing and documenting quality control activities in a timely manner.
●Provide support and assistance for more than one line depending on production demands.

Machine Handled:
Injection Machine-Absolute Haitian(200 to 650 tons) and Milacron(180 to 450 tons)
Blow Molding Machine-Zhonya Pet All

Training Attended:
Absolute Haitian(Mars Operation Training)
Industrial Power Truck: Fork Lift(electric 1 to 5 tons)

Online trainings:
“Skill builder and Paulson” for plastic Injection molding training – ongoing

Petrochemical Conversion Company online and classroom safety trainings:
Safety systems bypass
Hose management
Barricade safety
5S’ training
Emergency shower and Eye wash station
Toxic Substance control act (TSCA)
Personal protective equipment
Job Safety Analysis
Emergency response plan

IV. VS Industy Vietnam Joint Stock Company
October 2014 – July 2015
Que Vo Industrial Park Bac Ninh Province Vietnam
Job Description: Production Technician Supervisor, Set up technician

Duties and responsibilities:
●Responsible for scheduling (technicians, mold change according to production plan)
●Responsible for parameter checking (hard copy versus actual during production)
●Responsible for major trouble shooting and assist technicians during production
●Ensure and strict implementation of 5S before and after work
●Conduct roving inspection of parts during production time
●Gathers report, daily production output, coordinate with line leaders and reports and log all trouble encountered
●Capable of working under pressure, can work with minimal supervision, can work in day or night shift.
Machine Handled:
JSW (120 to 650 tons) and HAITIAN (90 to 900 tons)INJECTION MACHINE

V. Coca Cola Femsa Philippines
March 2014 to October 2014
Canlubang Calamba City, Laguna
Job Description: Blow Moulding Operator

Duties and responsibilities:
●Operate and maintain blow moulding machine
●Attend morning meeting to know the production plan for the week.
●Checks all the products produced are within specification.
●Checks that all machine and equipments are in good running condition.
●Formulate corrective actions in case of problems.
●Perform set-up and adjustment of machines.
●Submit daily Production Efficiency Report.
Machine Handled: Krones Ergo Block L- The block-synchronised system that can do it all: stretch blow moulding, labelling, filling and capping

VI. Cyberman Industrial Corporation
January 2011 to February 2014
Mayapa, Calamba City of Laguna
Job Description: Injection/Molding Supervisor

Duties and responsibilities:
●Report directly to IMS Head.
●Ensures maximum use of machines and efficiency in injection molding.
●Responsible for the material accountability in the area.
●Checks all the products produced are within specification.
●Monitor proper usage of materials used in production.
●Supervise withdrawal, preparation and mixing of raw materials needed by injection molding.
●Ensures smooth operation including good housekeeping in all production related activities.
●Checks that all machine and equipments are in good running condition.
●Make daily cooling water monitoring.
●Make weekly manpower schedule.
●Perform other task directed by his superior.
●Formulate corrective actions in case of problems.
●Orient and supervised harvester, sorters, grinder, packer, grinder, mixed operator and utility.
●Maximized used of manpower.
●Perform set-up and adjustment of machines.
●Submit daily Production Efficiency Report.
●Submit daily Production and Manpower Report.

Machine Handled:
J180-J450 JSW ELECTRIC INJECTION MACHINE
SM 100-350 SUPER MASTER INJECTION MACHINE
N100 NISSIN INJECTION MACHINE

VII. GULF PACKAGING SYSTEM CO.
October 2008 – December 2010
Phase III Industrial Zone
Jeddah 21451, KSA
Job Description: Injection/Blowing Operator
Machine handled:
ASB Injection and Blowing Machine
Sidel Blowing Machine

VIII. UNIVERSAL ROBINA CORPORATION (URC)
February 2007 – May 2008
Brgy. San Cristobal, Calamba City, Laguna

Job Description: Machine Operator/Technician

●Disassembling and installation of INJECTION MOLDS
●Disassembling and installation of Blowing MOLDS
●Troubleshooting of SIPA MACHINE
●PET Bottle Analyst

IX. TOYOTA AUTOPARTS PHILIPPINES (TAP)
February 2006 – July 2006
Brgy. Pulong Sta. Cruz, Sta Rosa, Laguna
Job Description: Machine Operator

X. ASIAN TRANSMISSION CORPORATION (ATC)
August 14, 2005 - December 23, 2005
Carmelray Industrial Park, Canlubang, Calamba City
Job Description: Machinist

XI. ISOLA ASIA PACIFIC (PHILS.) INC.
April 22, 2003-January 21, 2005
First Phil. Industrial Park, Brgy. Sta. Anastacia, Sto. Tomas, Batangas
Job Description: Production Operator
●Able to operate Fork Lift
●Machine Operator (Finishing Dept)

XII. AMERICAN POWER CONVERSION CORP. PHILS. (APC)
February 1998 – February, 2002
Lot 32, Phase I Carmelray Industrial Park, Canlubang, Laguna
Job Description: Machine Operator

Technical Skills:
Skilled with basic electronics troubleshooting, manual soldering and repair, basic electronics instrumentations. Have knowledge on circuit board. Also can read and interpret schematic diagram.
●Capable of performing tasks required in the assembly, testing and alterations of UPS products per MEI instructions.
●Maintain 7S in the production line.
●Endorse MRB occurred in the respective station/position.

SEMINARS AND TRAININGS ATTENDED:
●Fundamentals of Hydraulics (February 2008)
Gokongwei Brothers Foundation (GBF)
(Training School for URC Employees)

PERSONAL DATA:

Date of Birth : June 13, 1979
Place of Birth : Calamba City, Laguna
Age: 37 yrs. old
Civil Status: Married
Language Spoken: Tagalog, English

Nationality : Filipino
Father: Pedro N. Luistro
Occupation: Foreman
Mother: Merlinda Luistro
Occupation: Plain Housewife

EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND:

Advance Training : TESDA Region IV
Laguna Provincial Training Center
#49 - L.E. Village Brgy.Linga,
Calamba City of Laguna
Course : Automotive (April 2005-August 2005)

Vocational :Don Bosco Manpower Training Center
Canlubang Calamba, Laguna
Course: Industrial Electro Mechanics(’96-’97)

Secondary : Saint John Academy(’92-’96)

Primary : Calamba East II Elementary School (’86-’92)

CHARACTER REFERENCES:

Wayne Dickinson
IMBM plant manager
P.O. Box 11660 - Jubail Industrial City 31961 - Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
Tel: +966 (0-13-356-****
Mobile: +966 (0-56-768-**** Relationship: My Boss

Jimmy Muncal
IMBM production superintendent /FSTL
P.O. Box 11660 - Jubail Industrial City 31961 - Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
Tel: 03-356-4150 EX: 4866
Mobile: +966********* Relationship: My Boss

I hereby certify that the above information are true and correct to the best of my ability and belief.

Joselito V. Luistro

Contact this candidate
