
ANTRON ADKISON Willis, TX ***** ac721t@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Summary

Ambitious manager highly effective at motivating and disciplining teams to excel. Familiar with customer service, compliance and record-keeping along with P&L and forecasting. Looking for challenging new role in an upper management position.
I bring a vast knowledge of experience to multiple platforms with years of key position roles in past companies. Self-driven and focused individual that works great with team environments to achieve company goals.

Skills

Team development Safety-conscious Project management Computer-savvy
Excellent sense of direction HAZMAT training
ISO Training both 9000 and 14000 series SAP Knowledge
KPI (Key Performance Indication tracking)
PC literacy and experience with Microsoft Office Suite
HSE Training
Forecasting DOT regulations
Certified Manlift Operator Deadline-driven
OSHA requirements knowledge Warehouse and manufacturing operations Trip planning
Current Forklift Certification

Work History

Owner Operator 07/2016 to Current High Rise Renovations LLC – Willis, TX
Developed and implemented detailed business plan to get operations running on the best foundation. Recruited and hired talented staff to fill key positions.
Drafted budgets, monitored warehouse costs and reduced expenses when possible.
Forecast manpower requirements based on daily workload and company targets. Scheduling workload/manpower Managing day to day overall operations of the company
Conduct and promote safety objectives for assigned jobs Maintain P&L Reports and other Self Generated Matrixs Review Blueprints for job
Established long-term customer relationships through prompt and courteous service.

Area Service Manager 07/2013 to 06/2016 Gardner Denver Nash LLC – Houston, TX
Obtained documents, clearances, certificates and approvals from local, state and federal agencies. Validated schematic designs working alongside hardware engineers.
Implemented marketing strategies
Responded to customer requests via telephone and email.
Created boardroom multimedia presentations including video and text- sync'd depositions for enhanced understanding.
Analyzed departmental documents for appropriate distribution and filing. Supported Global Service Manager with daily operational functions.
Developed new process for employee evaluation which resulted in marked performance improvements.

Planned and directed work scope for employees (responsible for the south region, covering; Oklahoma, Texas, Louisiana, New Mexico, Mexico, Mississippi, and Arkansas)
Aided to Pioneered Company Safety enhancement programs
Responsible for Performance Assessments of aftermarket division, leading a team of 6 machinist and office staff Implemented lean manufacturing techniques and ensured that the lead methodologies where maintained in the work environment
Established, maintained and analyzed capital & operating budgets
Provided engineering support for service product lines etc. changes in design or manufacturing to correct equipment Developed, implemented, maintained and administer distribution policies and programs
Regular interface with vendors to insure facility goals where achieved

Shift Manager 08/2012 to 07/2013 Packwell – La Porte, TX
Managed schedules, accepted time off requests and found coverage when shifts were short.
Adhered to company standards and compliance requirements for operations and cleanliness of all areas. Trained and mentored new employees to maximize team performance.
Kept employees operating productively and working on task to meet business and customer needs. Tracked receipts, employee hours and inventory movements.
Stocked and replenished merchandise according to store merchandising layouts.
Recognized and rewarded outstanding work performance to cultivate a positive and collaborative customer service culture.

Sales Manager 07/2010 to 08/2012 American Income Life – San Antonio, TX
Trained all incoming sales team members.
Attended weekly meetings with the GM of Sales to discuss strategies. Supported the sales team in writing proposals and closing contracts. Contacted customers by phone and email in response to inquiries.
Coached employees in successful selling methods and encouraged cross-selling additional products and services. Developed a comprehensive training program for new sales associates.
Reviewed operational records and reports to project sales and determine profitability. Attended sales training camp and brought best practices leadership back to the company.
Recruited, interviewed and hired individuals who would add value, dedication and knowledge to the sales team.

Field Service Specialist 08/2009 to 07/2010 Schlumberger Oilfield Services – Leming, TX
Organized, overseen and performed all kinds of jobs with assigned equipment and people, safely and efficiently. Delivered customized and effective solutions to clients that met unique demands.
Complies with all Company & Regulatory HS&E & Quality and IT standards and policies.
Ensures that required personnel, equipment and materials arrive on time on location, and where rigged up, tested and ready to perform the job, as requested by client, with no deviations from KSQR and contingency plans in place. Ensures that all Well Services employees and contractors at the work site are in compliance with WS Safety Standards
Completes all the required pre and post job paper work and job tickets on time and without errors as per company policies.

Leading Petty Officer 08/1997 to 08/2008 United States Navy – Corpus Christi, TX
Recommended retransmission equipment employment based on capabilities of the equipment and the mission requirements.
Identified and resolved equipment shortages.

Administered supply chain applications using Property Book Unit Supply Enhanced (PBUSE). Tracked and filed administrative paperwork and personnel folders.
Reviewed disciplinary and other adverse actions and made recommendations. Operated and maintained communications equipment.
Saved the U.S. government millions in equipment operational costs by optimizing the efficiency of Air Conditioning equipment onboard all DDG Class Naval Ships.
Repaired and supervised repairs to valve replacements, varies pumps, heat exchanges, compressors, turbines and hydraulic or pneumatic control devices.
Responsible for making entries and analyze machinery operating records and reports. Developed and led training programs in preparation for combat.
Supported senior ranking officials in logistics decision making.

Education

BBA: Business
Strayer University - Washington, DC
Currently pursuing bachelor in business management.

Accomplishments

Military Career:
Made highly noticeable impact to every command in which assigned to. Started my career in Japan and within 3 to 4 years of assignment to engineering department, I figured out a decade old problem that was occurring on all guided missile destroyer class ships.

Gardner Denver Nash LLC:
Implemented variable change to operational standards by creating increasingly standards to the company's LEAN Program.

Additional Information

Looking to come onboard a company searching for a candidate that can "think outside the box" to enhance company's performance. Vast knowledge that a document can not describe nor capture. Left management a few years back due to family medical issues that are now resolved and manageable.

Contact this candidate
