
William P. Gunther
**** *. ** **** ***
Chandler Az. 85224
(480) 437- 4919
ac72kn@r.postjobfree.com

OBJECTIVE
To obtain a position with a company that will utilize my technical expertise, while providing a future for potential growth.

Qualification Summary
I have 20 years experience working as a multi craft facility operator specializing in HVAC. I have worked on water treatment systems, DI water systems, pipefitting and electrical, along with Siemens Building Automation system controls. Also
Machine and Plastic shop equipment

Experience

HP2/Freescale/NXP-Chandler Az.
Machinist assitance 2015-Present
Duties include a number of tool installs/removals, manufacuring request and duplicating parts. Extract broken screws and repair threads. Develop and implement modifications and design changes to a wide variety of complex equipment. Layout and construct facilities hookup for complete tool installations some include: SS vacuum lines, SS exhaust lines, CPVC water and drain lines, inert gas delivery systems, chemical delivery systems and fabricate proto-type smart carts for manufacturing. Operating Bridge port mill, Hardinge lathe, Lincoln electric tig welder, Arc orbital welder, Powermatic drill press, Do All band saw, Birmingham electric sheer, Dreis and Krump manual break, Table saw and Plastic hot air welder.Communication interface, and interface between process engineering, equipment suppliers and facilities.

HP2/Freescale- Tempe, Az.
D.I. operator 2012- 2015
Duties include start and stopping D.I. trailor.
Performed preventive maintenance on UV units, pumps and motors.
Added chemicals for treatment on D.I. system.
Assisting engineering with projects.

Motorola/Freescale- Tempe, Az.
Multi Craft/HVAC specialist, 1996- 2011
Duties included start and stopping of Chillers and Boilers based on demand loads in effort to maximize utility cost savings.
Performed annual Preventative Maintenance on Chillers and Boilers, cleaning tubes and mucking out Towers etc.
Performed preventive maintenance and corrective maintenance on Air Handlers, Scrubbers, Exhaust Fans etc.
Performed water tests on closed hot water systems and chilled water systems, added chemicals to towers and closed water systems to keep within specification.
Duties also included performing calibration of Waste water PH probes and sensors. Calibrated and adjusted electronic and pneumatic thermostats, Titus boxes and VAV variable air volume controls.
Participated in Kaizen, lean activity teams in effort to reduce steps and increase efficiency along with run time on plant systems.
Experience also included snaking out urinals rebuilding flushing mechanisms, and
welding.
Performed installation of ballasts, circuit breakers and pulling wire and installing
electrical circuits.
Replaced seals on pumps, and changed bearings on motors. Proficient on Maintenance Connection PM software.

Motorola/Freescale-Phoenix
General Maintenace Operator 1990-1996
Duties included repair and maintenance of building infrastructure including doors, walls, ceilings, floors etc. Installed and configured office cubicles, using Hayworth furniture.
Performed wall repair, paint and patch work. Installed tile and carpet squares in office areas.
I was a member of cross- functional team that implemented Tempe site recycling
program, which became benchmark for sites throughout the company.
I participated in winning Six Sigma quality team.

Certifications
EPA universal certified
Fork lift operator certification

Education
Saguaro H.S. Graduate
Gateway Community College - Refrigeration

References
Available upon request.

Contact this candidate
