
*
Mobile : 321-***-****
Career Summary
Highly experienced and professional individual with extensive career knowledge and developmental skills in the fields of electronics and electrical systems, with an emphasis on automated industrial procedures.
Education Summary
1993 Industrial Electronics, San Juan City College, PR
1991 Licensed Master Electrician 6977, Institute of Universal Education, PR
1988 Welding/Machinist Diploma, Thomas C. Ongay Vocational H.S., PR Specialized Training & Certifications
Maintenance Engineering, AIB International
PLC Allen Bradley, Omron, Video Jet
Electrical Safety Training, The Allied Group
Welding and Hazardous Jobs Safety Training, The Allied Group
Confined Space Rescue Operations Training, The Allied Group
Industrial Fire-Fighting Training, Texas A&M University Professional Experience
Arnaldo Morales Negrón Email : ac73n8@r.postjobfree.com Mobile : 321-***-****
Continued...
I. Shift Plant Engineer – Easy Foods, Inc. 2018 to Present Responsible for the overall maintenance, efficiency and upkeep of the entire facility and all of the equipment. Implements and directs the timely completion of the Preventative Maintenance Schedule for the facility.
Start up of the new Factory
Prepare and maintain records required by AIB, Department of Agriculture and other food safety assurance bodies Make recommendations and champion projects for the advancement of machine and process efficiencies, costs savings, environmental compliance and overall bakery best practices. Analyze and make recommendations for the purchase, installation and subsequent operation of equipment that will advance projects
Manage a staff of 10 employees
Install, maintain, troubleshoot and repair sensors and control equipment that include but is not limited to Distributed Control Systems, Allen Bradley Programmable Logic Controllers, SLC 500, hydraulic, high speed line, electric motors 480 vac, electric and pneumatic.
Build parts, design and manufacture of machinery. Perform Welding - arc,tig, mig & oxy/acty industrial welding CAM, PM. Work on lathes and milling machines.
Arnaldo Morales Negrón
Mobile: 321-***-****
Email: ac73n8@r.postjobfree.com
2
I. Assistant Plant Engineer – Turano Florida Bun, LLC 2009 to 2018 Responsible for the overall maintenance, efficiency and upkeep of the entire facility and all of the equipment. Implements and directs the timely completion of the Preventative Maintenance Schedule for the facility.
Prepare and maintain records required by AIB, Department of Agriculture and other food safety assurance bodies Make recommendations and champion projects for the advancement of machine and process efficiencies, costs savings, environmental compliance and overall bakery best practices. Analyze and make recommendations for the purchase, installation and subsequent operation of equipment that will advance projects
Manage a staff of 10 employees
Install, maintain, troubleshoot and repair sensors and control equipment that include but is not limited to Distributed Control Systems, Programmable Logic Controllers, hydraulic, high speed line, electric motors 480 vac, electric and pneumatic. Build parts. Perform Welding - arc,tig, mig & oxy/acty industrial welding CAM, PM
II. Industrial Mechanic - Weston Bakery 2008-2009
Performed industrial maintenance of ovens, mixers, conveyor s, stackers, proofers, bagger, Schick Room over wrap among others.
Repaired and replaced bearings, shafts, motors, gear boxes and related components. Performed industrial maintenance and repair of all plant power, sensors and control equipments. Installed, maintained, troubleshoot and repaired sensors and control equipment that include but is not limited to Distributed Control Systems, Programmable Logic Controllers, hydraulic, high speed line, electric motors 480 vac, electric and pneumatic.
Built parts. Perform Welding - arc,tig, mig & oxy/acty industrial welding CAM, PM
III. Electrician & Controls Technician – Electrical Panel Group & Control Inc. 2000- 2007 Programmed and troubleshoot PLC 5, SLC 500, Control Logix, Panel View, frequency drive and automation machinery. Performed schematic designed, built and installed electrical control panels Installed, maintained, troubleshoot and repaired sensors and control equipment that include but is not limited to Distributed Control Systems, Programmable Logic Controllers, hydraulic, high speed line, electric motors 480 vac, electric and pneumatic.
Performed industrial maintenance of ovens, mixers, conveyor s, stackers, proofers, bagger, Schick Room over wrap among others.
Supervised Personnel
Arnaldo Morales Negrón
Mobile: 321-***-****
Email: ac73n8@r.postjobfree.com
3
IV. Electrician & Controls Technician - Bacardi Corporation 1990- 2000 Electrical Control Systems integrator
Designed and built electrical control panels and replacement parts. Served as Industrial Mechanic for the Production Line Department – Managed the overall maintenance of the department’s palletizer, uncases, case packers, labelers, palletizers, conveyors, video jets, cappers, high speed line electric motors, 480 vac, etc.
Documented the implementation of electric designs
Programmed and troubleshoot PLC 5, SLC 500, Control Logix, Panel View, frequency drive and automation machinery. Performed schematic designed, built and installed electrical control panels Installed, maintained, troubleshoot and repaired sensors and control equipment that include but is not limited to Distributed Control Systems, Programmable Logic Controllers, hydraulic, high speed line, electric motors 480 vac, electric and pneumatic.
Supervised Personnel

Contact this candidate
