
Cristopher O. Zamora
Ghobash Building, Flat ***, Al Nakheel
Ras Al Khaimah,UAE. Mobile No. +971**-*******
ac786x@r.postjobfree.com
Machinist/Storekeeper/Data Entry Operator
OBJECTIVES
To practice and use my skills that will enhance my abilities and will give a chance to learn more and will open opportunity for personal and career growth.
KEY QUALIFICATOINS
Offering diversified experiences in manufacturing such as operating sumitumo, kitano optical media machines, zeppillin mixing and pressing machines, and can operate reach truck and fork clip. Having enough knowledge in IT such programming Visual Basic and MS Office. With relevant experiences in Sales and Food Serving which can work directly with the customer’s need. Dedicated to achieving customer satisfaction as well as meeting or surpassing company expectations.

TRAININGS ATTENDED

STCW95 Certificate/Seaman’s Book
The Maritime Training Center of the Philippines (November 2017).

Autocad Basic and Advance Course
Filipino Degirati Association, Al Nakheel, U.A.E. (November 2011).

Food Attendant
Manila Midtown Hotel, Manila, Philippines (April 2009).

Basic Korean Language Course
KLC Training Center Inc., Guadalupe, EDSA, Makati, Philippines (December 2007).

Bar Coding
STI College, Malolos Bulacan, Philippines (March 2003).

EMPLOYMENT EXPERIENCES

Idealism Industries F6 St., Al Hamra Freezone, Al Jazeera, Ras Al Khaimah.
October 30, 2014 - Present
Job Title – Machine Operator cum Prod. Team Leader
Duties:
•Operates pressing and mixing machines.
•Motivate labors on how to perform tasks efficiently and correctly.
•Do production reports and paper works regarding production effectiveness through MS Excel.
•Operates reach truck or forklift to supply and position the raw materials in feeding unit.

Falcon Technologies International L.L.C Al Jazeera, Ras Al Khaimah, U.A.E.
September 2009 - October 2014
Job Title - Machine Operator
Duties:
•Monitor machines during every procedure to ensure optimum running.
•Troubleshoot problems during machine operation.
•Ensure that machines are producing quality products by managing periodic checks on output.

Coretronics Yang mei, Taiwan, R.O.C.
March 2008 - January 2009
Job Title - LED TV Assembly Operator
Duties:
•Uses hand tools and power tools to tighten the screws on the panel board to join or attaches hardware such as transformers and circuit board.
•Assembles led backlight aligning horizontally using electron gun.
•Attach the back cover and pass the sub system on for packaging.

CMC Magnetics Corporation Chung-Li City, Taiwan, R.O.C.
October 2004 - October 2007
Job Title - Plastic Moulding Machine Operator
Duties:
•Operates Sumitomo plastic molding machine for DVD product.
•Grind scraps into normal polycarbonate material.
•Inspect products for surface defects and flaws.

CT & P Holding Group LTD. Unit 2304, PBCom Tower, Ayala Ave.,Makati City Philippines.
November 2003 - June 2004
Job Title – IT Staff
Duties:
•Worked as a programmer by creating systems implemented by the company.
•In charged in reports regarding the proposed projects from ADB.
•Evaluates, modifies, and maintains existing programs.

Rustan’s Department Store Ayala Avenue, Makati City, Philippines
May 2003 - October 2003
Job Title – Sales Associate
Duties:
•Worked as a team player to sell imported dinnerware products such as Villiroy & Boch, Noritake, Luminarc, and Moroccan plates.
•Demonstrates the working and quality of the product when the customer ask.
•Make sure that working area is clean and shelves are properly dusted.

SCRx Pharmacy Baraggay San Agustin, Hagonoy Bulacan, Philippines.
June 2001 - March 2003
Job Title – Sales Consultant
Duties:
•Worked directly with customer's needs, responsible to understand the prescription of the customer.
•Do bimonthly report regarding the in demand products, and monthly inventory using MS Excel.

Tropical Hut Hamburgers BF Homes, Sucat Paranaque, Philippines.
April 2000 - August 2000

Job Title – Service Crew
Duties:
•Responsible in food serving and cleanliness of dining area.
•Assigned in pantry and take orders from customers and present them as requested.
•Furnish customers with helpful information regarding service time and special deal offers.

EDUCATION

STI College Makati City, Philippines - June 2003-March 2004
Bachelor Science in Computer Science

STI College Malolos, Bulacan, Philippines - June 2001-March 2003
Associate Computer Technology (Diploma)

Datamex Institute of Computer Technology Sucat, Metro Manila, Philippines- March 2000-June 2001
Computer Technician

Contact this candidate
