
Dale R. King
*** *** **** **
Ballston Spa NY ***20
518-***-****
ac79zr@r.postjobfree.com

Objective
To obtain a position

Experience

*/*/** ** */1/18
Plant Manager
Guyson Corporation
** *rande Blvd
Saratoga Springs, NY 12866
Managed the overall manufacturing operations in the plant.
Established the manufacturing policies in the plant.
Developed and maintained Position Descriptions for Direct Labor employees in the manufacturing area.
Developed and maintained cross training plans.
Evaluated employees for annual reviews and determines pay increases.
Investigated occurrences of violations as outlined in the Company handbook, and performed disciplinary actions accordingly, up to and including dismissal.
Reviewed daily labor records and manages overall effectiveness.
Planned shop workload with Leads, and overall shop capacity.
Approved all hours worked and time off requested.
Determined when overtime hours are needed.
Monitored all rework, and determined causes, corrective, and preventative actions.
Developed standardized methods of manufacturing to improve quality and efficiency.
Reviewed material requirements and identified parts that are not meeting project build timeline.
Developed Shop Floor Plans to locate, and coordinated dedicated areas for machines to be built in final assembly.
Reviewed and approved assembly drawings.
Released drawings and travelers to the appropriate manufacturing areas as needed.
Modified Bills of Materials to reflect As Built structures of assemblies.
Determined Make/Buy decisions based on complexity of components, in-house abilities, and shop capacity.
Modified Bills of Materials to accommodate changes in manufacturing processes, and decisions made to perform work via subcontractors.
Maintained the Master Schedule
Reviewed purchase of long lead materials to insure they are on site to meet scheduling requirements.
Oversaw the Purchasing Department validating demand requirements for inventory and production items were met for an on-time delivery, as well as negotiated with suppliers on pricing.
Performed vendor Site Visits to establish face to face communications and understanding of process requirements, as well as Site Visits for potential vendors, determining capabilities, and capacities.
Reviewed and inspected work performed by outside contractors; whether for the plant infrastructure, or for components for a machine build.
Oversaw Shipping and Receiving operations.
Contacted customers to schedule Factory Acceptance Testing, and final shipment.

10/15/14 to 2/4/17
Business Transformation Specialist
Watervliet Arsenal
Watervliet, NY 12089
Extended detail as a Business Transformation Specialist to the Business Transformation Department. This detail is a fulltime continuation of the position I was on loan to, as a Site Rep for the United States Army’s Logistics Modernization Program (LMP) Increment 2 during the period of 6/12 to 3/13. This position is part of a development and implementation team for the LMP in the Expanded Industrial Base (EIB) using an Enterprise Resource Plan (ERP) and Complex Assembly Manufacturing Systems (CAMS) which is a Manufacturing Execution System (MES) developed for the Army by SAP.
Performed business processes analysis for the Operations Directorate, and presented positions that identify processes and workflow changes that have to be revised or re-engineered to more effectively utilize the LMP EIB upcoming software system that replaced current legacy systems. Performed assessment of the functionality of the enterprise system, with an emphasis on the impact to the shop floor.
Conducted classroom training in the LMP Increment 2 Manufacturing Execution System (MES) to over 125 shop floor employees, as well as overview classes to middle and upper management.
Configured and implemented the shop floor portion of the MES, with support of Army provided system consultants. Regular conference calls with system designers were conducted for optimization in system configuration.
Performed the updating of system processes, as well as developing employee work guides to aide in the transition to the new MES.

3/18/13 - 10/14/14
Lean Project Coordinator
Watervliet Arsenal
Watervliet, NY 12089
Additional duties as a Lean Project coordinator were assigned to my primary supervisory position. Specific component lines were targeted to be developed into a lean manufacturing line and a “Lean Pull” manufacturing system, based on the concepts originally implemented by the Toyota Production System (TPS), which have been a benchmark of business quality, efficiency, profitability, and growth.
With the support of the process planner, and reporting directly to the Chief of Manufacturing, this position was tasked with training and leading a team of machinists in analyzing manufacturing lines, identifying wasteful elements, reconfiguration of processes, development of standard work, overall process improvement, and cross-training of staff. All this resulted in an increase of daily part flow of 350%.
The team of machinists was trained and supervised in documenting the details of each operation and recording it in a set of “Work Instructions” that became a baseline tool for all subsequent training on each operation.

6/4/12-3/17/13
LMP I2 Site Representative
Watervliet Arsenal
Watervliet, NY 12089
As a supervisor, I was on loan to the Business Transformation Office as a site rep for the LMP increment 2, Shop Floor Automation integration, representing the Watervliet Arsenal’s (WVA) Manufacturing Directorate, to the Army’s Industrial base. There were 17 Army sites represented in this Enterprise Solution.
The skills requirement for this assignment, were to have a broad based background in all of the WVA’s manufacturing processes to align the Increment 2 software, with our business requirements. The areas included shop floor manufacturing, labor transactions, quality documentation, material genealogy, metrology, Bills of Materials, process routings, supply functions, document revision history, final inspection reporting, and the associated workflow each of these elements must go through to produce product at the Watervliet Arsenal (WVA).
While on Temporary Duty (TDY), this position represented WVA, by attending Rapid Design Workshops (RDW) at the following installations, Corpus Christi Army Depot, Corpus Christi TX; Redstone Arsenal, Huntsville AL; Anniston Army Depot, Anniston AL; and Computer Sciences Corporation Marlton NJ over a duration of 9 months. Specific Subject Matter Experts (SME) from various departments at WVA were Identified to provide a deeper knowledge of each subject area. They were added to the team and sent with me on TDY to provide detailed knowledge of business processes and practices, for periods that their expertise was needed.
As variances between the software and our business requirements arose, (Gaps) I formulated positions on the impact it would have against WVA, by defining alternatives, their associated impact on cost, quality, mission capability, and human resources. All the sites voted on each Gap alternative and how it would affect the whole of the Army’s Industrial Base. The Gaps that were most critical to WVA were presented to Army Material Command (AMC) senior leadership for their determination of which alternative to use in the final software configuration design.

5/28/06-6/4/12
Machinist Supervisor
Watervliet Arsenal
Watervliet, NY 12089
Development of plans to meet long-range resource requirements, planning of resource allocations, defining internal plans to be followed so these resources are available to effectively accomplish workload mission requirements, and distribution of work to subordinates .
Scheduling deadlines were determined, and sequence of operations defined, so delivery schedules are met. Teams were led in lean events that optimize space and work areas.
Troubleshooting and the development of specialized tools and equipment to enhance processes, balancing workloads for staffing and work groups, review and analysis of production records, costs, and personnel utilization were performed.
Operating instructions, standard work documents, and work schedules were prepared, quality and quantity standards were developed, regular spot checks of working operations, and the development of training methods and content.
Planning, scheduling, and directing work and machining operations for production and prototype components. Give technical directions, and determine alternate manufacturing methods and processes. These contributed toward more efficient, flexible, and economic manufacturing processes. They were accomplished through a comprehensive skill and knowledge of manufacturing and trade technologies, on conventional and CNC machine tools.
Instructing of other supervisors in the proper interpretation of blueprints, 'in process' and assembly drawings, contract requirements, and interpreting changes as they come about.
Troubleshoot component production lines, manufacturing processes, and machining operations for other products, supervisors, and the directing them in the correct resolution of problems via personal experience in manufacturing operations, processes, and accepted trade practices.

1/6/77-
Machinist Apprenticeship and Journeyman experience
General Electric Company – Schenectady, NY 12345

I started my manufacturing career as a Machinist Apprentice and graduating to a Journeyman Machinist. During this time period, I ran a variety of manual and CNC machines, and performed welding, assembly, and Quality Control jobs. I machined parts ranging in size from small test specimens, to large valve bodies being run from an aerial lift 2 stories in the air. I manufactured

Education:
General Electric Machinist Apprentice Program
Schenectady, NY
Machinist Apprentice Program
Relevant Coursework, Licenses and Certifications:
Machinist Apprentice Certification, June 1980.

Job Related Training:
Six Sigma Green Belt Training, March 2014
Six Sigma Green Belt Pre-Requisite Training, February 2014
Supervisory Development Training Course, September 2012
TED Supervisory Training, September 2012
Managing for Daily Improvement, April 2012
TARS Time and Attendance Reporting System, April 2012
OSHA Training for General Industry, March 2012
Overtime for Civilian Employees, March 2012
VPP For Leaders, September 2011
Supervisors Safety and Health Training, September 2011
Management Skills for First Time Supervisors, May 2009
OSHA Lead Worker CRS, June 1998
Team Building, July 1997

Professional References:
Clyde Jim Powell CPIM/CSCP
219 Grasslands Road
Huntsville, AL 35811
Cell 256-***-****
ac79zr@r.postjobfree.com

Scott Shadle
Chief of Business Transformation
Watervliet Arsenal
10 Hilltop Dr
Cohoes, NY 12047
518-***-****
518-***-****
ac79zr@r.postjobfree.com

Contact this candidate
