
Tammy Kelly
Machine operator
Yorktown, VA
ac7h8k@r.postjobfree.com
757-***-****
Adaptable Machinist,
Working with many diffrent manufacturing materials and machines Enthusiastic,eager to want to learn new areas of the manufacturing industries
*LOTO
*Team lead
*safety team
*
Willing to relocate to: Virginia Beach, VA - Williamsburg, VA - Gloucester, VA Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience
Machine Operator
SITECH INC - Newport News, VA
June 2018 to Present
I run an engal silicon machine.
Manufacture silicon parts using customer blue prints Inspect parts to customer specification
Order Picker
QVC Distribution Center - Sulfolks va
September 2017 to November 2018
Operate stock picker
Pull orders from task rsp
Wrap pallet and drop in zone
Rewind/converter opetator
Multi Color Corporation - Chesapeake, VA
November 2017 to May 2018
Set up rewinder CEI machine.
Set blades,set tension on base rollers,
Convert full label rolls to customer specifications,assuring that the PDS matches. Record any and all rolls run
Operator 2
Ultrafab - Farmington, NY
November 2016 to August 2017
Run 3 to 7 double turret yarn lines
Manufacture weather stripping for various customers Change out yarn,plastic backing, fin
Fix and maintain machines on a daily bases.
Quality check product every 1/2 hour.
Check finished product and pack.
Micro calipers
Calipers
J knive
Scissors
Hot iron
Infer red machines
Rotary plow machines
30 % tolerance
CNC double turret yarn machine.
Home decor specialist
Lowes home improvement - Macedon, NY
August 2015 to October 2016
Help customers remodel there homes interior
Took dementions,color,specifications and entered into computer Daily stocking/pulling of products using
Cherry picker
Stock picker
Reeds truck
Machinist
W.A Krapf
November 2007 to August 2015
Oneill rd Macedon ny
Laid out and set up work area quickly for print press operator Operated forklifts, hoists and other material handling equipment. Adhered to all safety protocols and safe work practices to reduce likelihood of injury. Selected, aligned and secured holding fixtures, cutting tools, attachments, accessories and materials on,hot/cold die press,cutting shear,bantam brake,whitney punch press,mehiels,magnet maker Detected and reported malfunctions and out-of-tolerance machining. Responsible for achieving production requirements. Prepared and maintained production reports and personnel records. Adjusted alignment of drills, cutters, dies, guides, and holding devices. picked and pulled orders per customer request.
Rsw steel from 4' to 12'
2% to 50% tolerance
Machine Operator
Pactiv - Canandaigua, NY
March 1995 to September 2007
Accurately logged all daily shipping and receiving orders. accurately log info for shift change and communicate to on coming line operator worked with foam and plastic mold manufacturing foam plates,bowls meat trays. insure accurate run time of line
managed line of 1-5 packers per day
Complete line change overs
LOTO line if needed to change die plates
line change of product
drag cart line,3m tape machine,hoist,pallet jack
Baileigh vertical lathe
Education
High school
Wheatland Chili High School - Scottsville, NY
September 1989 to June 1992
Skills
Manufacturing,steel and plastic cutting and bending,print press,fuso, production teamlead, Order Selector, Selector, Order Puller, Pallet Jack, Picker Packer, Sewing Machine, Molding, CNC Additional Information
Cash handling and management Troubleshooting
Retail merchandising experience
detail oriented
team player
quick learner

Contact this candidate
