
Mitchell Kurinzi

Experience-
Blue Chip Industries. Hillsborough, NJ
Machinist 2011-2014
Phone: 908-***-****
- Preparing & pre-cutting stock.
- Machining, finishing, and
cleaning parts.
- Cleanup duties.
Profile Copart of Connecticut. Hillsborough, NJ.
Yard Agent 2014-2015
Phone: 908-***-****
-Photo/detail assessment of taking time and steps needed to ensure accuracy damaged vehicles.
- Collect & remove personal items from vehicles & filling apply myself to figure out details and think outside out associated paperwork.
- Cleanup duties.
- Customer assistance.

As an employee within the technology industry, I quickly accurately, and efficiently solve problems and complete tasks in an organized manner while without being distracted when most important, thinking outside of the box by using alternative methods to ensure all avenues are accounted for. I am dedicated to success and preparedness and also providing my team members and company skills and support while excelling in working in a mature, organized, and well-rounded environment that will further the company’s goals and satisfy affiliates, clientele, and coworkers. I organize my tasks and work tools and resources to ensure preparedness and accuracy. I use my creative and organized solutions to improve the client (or other vital partners) in ways that will better suit their needs portrayed either Achievements by them or the company in a professional manner that would generate satisfaction. I am a good team member as I have demonstrated my abilities to not only solve tasks when given material to learn from and utilizing my skills and knowledge, but also the ability to excel with determination when applying knowledge and sense to figure out problems and use alternative Through the ECT program, I have methods to test results and find the information to gained experience in working with, back up any possible mistakes that may seem correct setting up, and troubleshooting or in some cases be useful and/or also correct, but computers/OS and other devices, would use a different method.

Thank you for the opportunity to apply for this role. In light of the requirements upon reviewing the job description, I aspire to gain more knowledge and experience in all of these subjects; I have had academic, personal, and also some workplace experience with troubleshooting, problem solving, and computer/OS/software/device/network troubleshooting, building, management, and optimizing. I work well with customers and employees, and as well as being highly trainable and adept at acquiring skills through thorough and scholarly research and testing. I am hard-working, 100% reliable, completely professional, diligent, and flexible attitude with efficiency and developing and applying my skills in research, problem solving, and any subject that I may encounter. I am also very adept and dedicated to quickly identifying and carefully considering the possible negative outcomes and correctly applying my skills to the problem with the utmost certainty and accuracy, as though I am quite young at 30 years old, I am very experienced, intelligent, hard-working, non-straying, and older for my age. I am certain that I have the necessary traits, skills, and qualifications to be a valuable addition to your company, and perform above expectations.

To share a little more about me, as a student of the Associate of Applied Science (AAS) in Electronics & Computer Technology degree program at DeVry University, which I have recently completed in June, encompassing the course of my academic career; I have obtained valuable professional skills such as routing and switching and other network related skills, electronic systems, computer hardware/software/operating systems/applications, and programming and other software related skills, all of which involve building and troubleshooting. In both my academic and professional life, I have been consistently praised by my professors and peers as being organized, having professional qualities, being results and details oriented, and my team and individual efforts carefully and uniquely designed and well-presented. Whether working on academic, extracurricular, or professional projects, I have demonstrated and proven efficiently, my organizational, analytical, critical thinking, and problem solving skills, which I hope to leverage into this role at your company.

After reviewing my attached resume, I hope you will agree that I am the type of competent and competitive candidate that you are looking for. I look forward to elaborating on how my skills and abilities will benefit your organization. Please contact me at 732-***-**** or via email at ac7i8p@r.postjobfree.com to arrange for a convenient meeting time.

I look forward to hearing from you soon.

Thank you for your consideration.

Mitchell Kurinzi
Sincerely~

Contact this candidate
