
Jeremy Pyhtila
607-***-**** • ac7icy@r.postjobfree.com
Experienced and versatile professional with strong analytic Problem Solving.

SKILL SET

CNC machining, Fluent with Blue prints (GD&T). Proficient with 5S, KPI’s, Microsoft Office Tools (Word, Access, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook) Micrometers, Calipers, Dial indicators, CMMs and other advanced measuring tools. Familiar with the TPS principles, SAP. Exposure with Mini Tab, PCDMIS, MySQL.

SUMMARY OF ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Developed and implemented training programs to maximize efficiencies, reduce costs and achieve standardization.
Participated in interview panels and evaluations for 50+ potential employees.
Selected for Group leader/Special team leader, experience supervising 5-15 employees.
Developed and implemented SOP’s and SWI’s, while promoting safety and ensuring quality.

PROFESSIONAL HIGHLIGHTS
BORG WARNER INC. Ithaca, New York (1999 to Present)

Material Handler (2018 to Present)

Certified to operate various IPV (Industrial Powered Vehicle).
Interdepartmental exchanges of product from internal warehouse to production floor utilizing SAP to transfer.
Responsible for receiving, storage, packaging of parts and order fulfillment. Responsible for inventory management, FIFO, audits, dispensing and storage.
Daily interaction with warehouse data base and data entry. Ensure product flows smoothly.

Quality Auditor (2015 to 2018)

Active in 5S, Collaborating with engineering for Lean 6 Sigma projects.
Collaborate extensively across departments in the facility, enforce compliance with Audits and 5S standards.
Serving as a SME (Subject Matter Expert) and Lead to staff regarding SWI’s and 5S-related functions. Collaborate with manufacturing engineers to restructure processes/procedures to ensure increase efficiency.
Lead for deciphering blueprints to determine part specifications, calibrate machines to meet requirements; record measurements on SPC.
Quality Logistics, parts inspection and disposition.
Achieving greater efficiency for part identification by decreasing the time needed for completion by 50% per shipment.

Production Machinist (1999 to 2015)

Team Leader/Special group leader supervising staff of 5-10 and organized the training.
Experienced machine lead, organize process flow, optimize parts processing, troubleshooting and Kizan.
Established troubleshooting SOP for staff.
Performed set-ups, troubleshooting on equipment failures.
Championed 5S audits to ensure improvement in key areas.
Achieved with engineering an increased efficiency on a series of 8 machines by 13%.

Gear Sprocket Processor (1999 to 1999)

Team leader/Special group leader, supervising teams of 10-15 and trained staff.
Maintained 5S policies, established procedures and processes.

EDUCATION

STATE UNIVERSITY OF NEW YORK AT DELHI Delhi, New York
Bachelor’s in Business and Technology Management GPA. 3.77

TOMPKINS CORTLAND COMMUNITY COLLEGE Dryden, New York
Associate’s in Business Administration

Contact this candidate
