
Bryan C. Van Zile 765-***-****
Elkhart, IN *****. ac7kos@r.postjobfree.com

Continuous Improvement/LEAN Manufacturing

Passionate, energetic individual with over 30 years of manufacturing experience looking to utilize my manufacturing experience, Six Sigma, Lean, and 5S techniques to meet customer expectations while fostering a work environment that emphasizes growth, employee involvement, innovation, and engineering excellent to achieve organizational goals.
WORK EXPERIENCE

Dexter Axle, Elkhart, IN July 2016 - February 2018
Continuous Improvement and Safety Manager
●Obtained Subject Matter Expert in Operating Lean System
●Advanced Key Performance Indicators Tracking and 5S Implementation within the organization.
●Enhanced Kaizan, VSM, Process Improvement. SMED, Standard Work, Time studies, Etc.
●Implemented Safety Star and Hand Safety Awareness program increasing Employee influences.
●Lead safety coach and employee mentor who supported the business by finding solutions for complex
problems and implemented effective solutions to foster safety while pursuing organizational goals.
●Streamlined New-hire Orientation through Power point presentations, Employee training, and Accelerated Continuous Improvement and Safety awareness.
Successfully implemented Safety initiatives designed to effectively ensure compliance and
organizational objective.
●Increased Glove Safety and Eye Wash Stations within the facility showing downward trends in hand injuries by 25%.
●SMED events in APW Weld and Hub Press areas.
●APW Weld increased productivity with improved layout and saw the output improve from 20pcs to 45pcs per hour.
●Hub Press eliminated down time installing a bulk tank of grease and improved throughput by 23 pcs per hour.
● Achieved a score of 92% in 2017 on Company Safety Audit.

Terra Drive Systems, Brookston, IN July 2013 - July 2016
Quality Manager
●Advanced Major Projects writing Standard Work Instruction per Customer Requirements.
●Controlling Gage Calibration within ISO Standards through Gage Pack.
●Accelerated Non-conforming material by training 80 Employees through advanced Blue print reading and proper Gauge skills.
●Trained 5 Internal Auditor to ISO Standards for Internal auditing.
●Accelerated Incoming Inspection from 5 days down to 2 days on parts received from our certified vendors
●Provided Warranty claims if any problem we found back to John Deere Turf Care.
●Achieved ISO Certification in 2014.
●Reduced Scrap by 20% with print improvements through Engineering Department.

Oerlikon Fairfield Manufacturing Company, Lafayette, IN June 1989 – July 2013
Gear Lab Technician and Third Shift Coordinator of the Quality Inspection Department
●Largest gear manufacturer for wind energy, lift platforms, ATV’s, farming, and other assembly products.
●Implement Six Sigma skills in the Quality Department for over 15 years by identifying defects, problems and abnormalities with materials, machines, programs, human error, and other variables to establish more efficient, effective, and profitable operations.
●Trained over 400 people across three shifts on Preventing Rust throughout the facility.
●Developed machine skills for 5 years working in the Internal grinding department.
●Achieved various Six Sigma accomplishments consisting of 54% reduction in PPM quality warrant/improvements, $525,000 in process improvements, ISO 9001 Certified; lean, 5S, and Continuous Improvement training; Developed
the Set-up Reduction Project; and continually mentoring of other Six Sigma Black Belts.
●Executed high level skill and precision with inspection operations for gear tooth geometry, gear abnormalities
and defects, programming of new jobs to individualized customer specifications, calibration examination,
and customer certification in the Quality department.
●Experienced Certified internal/external grinding machinist with over 10 years of quality service.

Frito Lay North America, Frankfort, IN March 1987- June 1989
●Provided quality labor in the shipping department organizing in-coming shipments, preparing
out-going shipments, and re-cycling material to improve shipping efficiency and excellence.

EDUCATION

Monroe Community College, Rochester, NY
Associates of Arts Degree is Recreational Leadership; May 1980, GPA 3.2/4.0
●Completed internship at a YMCA designing and implementing youth recreational programs
●Participated 2 years on a collegiate varsity baseball team and competed at the NJCAA World Series in 1980.
●Developed Adult basketball league as an intern with the local YMCA.

Ivy Tech Community College, Lafayette, IN.

ISO Certified Auditors training: September 2008
C.I. / Lean Team Training Certified and Train the Trainer: September 1995
Six Sigma Black Belt Certification: June 2005.

OTHER WORK EXPERIENCE

United States Military November1983 - February1995
●Completed Army basic and advanced training at Fort Knox, Kentucky as a 19E10 (Armor Crew Member).
●30 month deployment in Germany and 18 month at the Ft. Hood Army Base in Texas
working as a M1 Armored Crew member while obtaining the Presidential and Army Achievement Citation.
●Completed 8 years in the Indiana National guard as a platoon sergeant serving as a scout.
●Honorable discharged in 1995

High School Baseball Coach
Head Varsity baseball coach from 2011-2012 at Harrison High School in Lafayette, IN
Pitching Coach in 2010 at Harrison High School in Lafayette, IN
Head Varsity baseball coach from 1999-2002 at Carroll Jr/Sr High School in Flora, IN
Head Junior Varsity baseball coach from 1998-1999 at Carroll Jr/Sr High School in Flora, IN
Junior High 7th and 8th Grade Girls Volleyball Coach from 1998-1999 at Carroll Jr/Sr High School in Flora, IN

OTHER SKILLS: Experienced with Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Project, Visio; and statistical programs Minitab and QI Macro

Contact this candidate
