
Jignesh (Kumar) Patel
408-***-**** (Cell)
ac7k01@r.postjobfree.com
OBJECTIVE:
To contribute to your organization's success through the use of my exceptional work experience, skills, and qualifications.
A highly talented Machinist and manufacturing technician with huge background in setting up any CNC machine including Lathe, Mill, Surface Grinder, and operating a variety of machine tools to produce metal and ceramic parts including fabricating, modifying, or repairing parts by applying the knowledge of firing, green machining, grinding, inspection, laser marking, lapping, shop mathematics, metal properties, layout, and machining procedures.

EDUCATION:
San Jose City College, San Jose, CA 95128 USA
(2001 to 2004)
Associate of Science (A.S.)

QUALIFICATIONS SUMMARY:

20+ years of experience in manufacturing industries worked in various areas such as CNC lathe, CNC Mill, CNC Surface Grinders, Scheduling daily jobs, Q.C. Inspection, CNC Lathe Programmer, and leading team.
Expertise in setting any CNC machines including Lathe, Mill, Surface Grinder, VTL.
Excellent knowledge of CAD-CAM software – GeoPath, and good knowledge of MasterCAM.
Excellent communication skills including speaking, writing and reading.
Remarkable knowledge of raw materials, production processes, quality control, costs, analyzing inventory by its frequency, expenses, and cost, and other techniques for maximizing the effective manufacture and distribution of goods.
Experience in working with various materials such as Aluminum, Copper, Stainless Steel, Alumina Ceramic, Mullite, Macor, Mycalex, Opaque Quartz, Quartz, Saphire, Silicon, Silicon Carbide, Silicon Nitride, Vespel, Zirconia etc.
Great ability to quickly and repeatedly adjust the controls of a machine to exact positions.
In-depth ability to read and understand information and ideas presented in writing.

INDUSTRIAL EXPERIENCE:

E2E Manufacturing, Pleasenton, CA
May 2018 to Present
Sr. CNC Journeyman / Lead

Guide and help the team of machinists with various jobs to setup on CNC and NC machines Lathes and Mill).
Setup and run CNC Lathe and Mill machines with aluminum, stainless steel, copper, and plastic parts by their dimensional blue prints.
Report the estimation of production and actual production to the production manager.
Extra focusing on the higher priority jobs.
Constantly working with operators to get highest quality of parts.
Continuously working with other departments in order to fulfill customers' demands.
Maintain company's safety and quality policy by their standard and IOS.
Creating safety and quality meetings frequently for continuous improvement.

FM Industries, Fremont, CA 94539 USA
(September 2013 – May 2018)
Sr. CNC Set-up Machinist III

Set-up and run metal, aluminum, stainless steel, copper, and plastic parts by their blue-prints and dimensional measuring on HAAS CNC Lathe (SL20,30,40,ST30,40).
Using measuring instruments like CMM and Comparator focused towards the operational parts to achieve the highest level of quality within the tolerance limits
Ensured work safety standards while operating the automated HAAS Lathe and Mill machines.
Maintain the company’s quality and safety policy by its standard called 5S.
Attend quality meeting once a week to improve parts’ quality and avoid discrepancy.
Maintain industrial machines, applying knowledge of mechanics, shop mathematics, metal properties, layout, and machining procedures.
Improving parts quality and standard using the exceptional knowledge of set-up skills, programming editing, and machine operating, reworking on certain issues.

Ceramic Tech, Inc. Fremont, CA USA
(February 1999 to September 2013)
CNC Set-up Machinist II / Lead

Run various parts from the various materials like ceramic, quartz, plastic, silicon, silicon carbide, silicon nitride, macor, zircon, sapphire, aluminia, aluminum nitride, aluminum silicate, boron carbide, and Boron nitride by their blue-prints and dimensional measuring on the CNC machines (AKIRASEIKI, HURCO, MILLTRONICS, DYNAMITE, KIA).
Maintained and improved the quality of products using measuring instruments such as micrometers, calipers, CMMs, Comparators
Creating and maintaining all the documents of inspected parts and organizing by their specification and types.
Trained and supervised the team of 7 people operating the CNC Lathe machines on various jobs in swing shift.
Ensured work safety standards while operating the automated and manual.
Monitor the feed and speed of machines during the machining process.
Made estimates of time and materials required to complete an assignment.
Scheduling and sending various jobs to various areas by their priorities and required date.

CDS Engineering, Fremont, CA USA
(April 1997 to February 1999)
CNC Set-up Machinist

Run various parts of the different materials like aluminum, stainless steel and copper on the CNC Mill machines – NIIGATA, TOYODA, FADAL, and MORISEIKI.
Measure, examine, and test completed units in order to detect defects and ensure conformance to specifications, using precision instruments such as micrometers, Calipers, CMMs, Comparators.
Working with NIIGATA’s robot system to send and receive the pallets back and forth from NIIGATA horizontal mill machines and the stations.

P H Machining Inc. Santa Clara, CA
(Jun 1995 to Apr 1997)
CNC Machine Operator
Responsible in running the CNC mill machines (KITAMURA and NAKAMURA) in order to make metal, aluminum, steel, and stainless steel parts by their dimensional blue prints.
Provided active work duty of setting and operating CNC machines, Tapping, Counter sinking on manual machines, inspecting parts, reading blueprints, de-burring, and measuring parts by instruments such as Micrometers and Calipers.

EXPERIENCED MACHINES & SKILLS:

CNC Mills (MILLTRONICS, KITAMURA, AKIRASEIKI, HURCO, NIIGATA, TOYODA, DYNAMITE, and HAAS)
CNC Lathes (MORISEIKI, KIA 30B, 60D, 40A, HAAS ST30, ST40, SL30, SL40, SL20)
Windows Based Computer (PC)
Manual, Automatic, and CNC Surface Grinders (Chevaliers 1640, 2460 etc)
Manual Lathe and Mill Machines
Proficiency of critical and quick indications such as straight indications of hole to hole, arc to arc, corner to corner, slot to slot, pocket to pocket etc.
CMMs (BROWN & SHARPE)
Comparators and Microscopes
GEOPATH, MasterCam (CAD-CAM Software)
CNC Controls: HURCO, HAAS, FANUC, MILLTRONICS, YASNAC
Reading & Understanding Blue-prints
Measuring Instruments (MICROMETERS, CALIPERS, COMPARATORS CMMs)
Proficiency in reading blue prints and mechanical drawings/signs/tolerances.
Language Proficiency: English, Hindi, Gujarati
Team Playing - Also very independent U.S. Citizen

Contact this candidate
