
JOHN R BUSSERT, CISSP
**** * **** ** • Marengo, Illinois 60152
815-***-**** h • Email: ac7mym@r.postjobfree.com
815-***-**** m
www.linkedin.com/in/john-bussert-729a005

INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY EXECUTIVE
CIO, CTO, VP – Director of Development
CISO Security Lead

Versatile, accomplished Information Technology Executive offering over 25 years’ experience in Information Technology and Business Development. Proven leader who performs as a key business partner and provides critical leadership to the corporation and executive team. Demonstrated ability to learn and implement new concepts, easily adapt to change and manage multiple concurrent tasks. Innovative, high-energy leader offering excellent organizational and communication skills, an extensive track record of success and the capacity to assume increasingly significant responsibilities.

Implemented NIST

CORE COMPETENCIES

Business Strategy Training & Mentoring Sales Trend Analysis
Strategic Planning Information Security CISSP Technology Architecture
P & L Management Published Author IT Extensive Project Management
e-Commerce Architecture Qliktech QlickView Compliance SOX, HIPAA, GLBA
Health Care Software Management Database – SQL, DB2, Oracle Ariba, EDI, XML
Mobile Applications Social Networking APIs VMware - VSphere
Business Intelligence, CRM Light manufacturing Logistics and Warehousing
Bank interfaces – ACH, Positive Pay Report Writing
Digital Marketing HP Indigo, Xerox iGen GMC Variable Data Management
Mobil App Development Agile, Spiral Development Methodologies
Google, Paypal, Interfaces PCI Compliance Health Care Interfaces HL7
Disaster Recovery – Business Continuity Logistics and Warehousing

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

SWIFT TECHNOLOGIES, INC., Elgin, Illinois 1994-Present
Technology Company – including Software Development, Network Security Services Web Development, Mobile development, MSP.
SwiftOrder.com
Founder – President, Consultant

Built a software company originally, as a pure software development house with an iSeries (IBM) and Microsoft technologies (.net) integrated application for Order Management, Accounting, Inventory Management, Light Manufacturing and Purchase Management. Application still used by companies from 10 to 300 Million in annual revenues. Led the company evolution to a professional services company offering specialized services to the Health Care, Law and other services industries delivering Web, Mobile, Data Integration and Executive Management “Rent a CIO” services.

Ultimately adding network security, MSP, web development (WebSphere and Microsoft ASP support).

Selected Achievements:
Grew from startup to development company with 100+ clients in multiple industries from Distribution, Marketing and Commercial Print, Medical, Law and Hobby Distribution.
Managed company through the rise and fall of the tech break down.
Responsible for the management (P&L) as well as sales and marketing.
Passed CISSP to start security practice in network and web security.
Interface with 3rd party vendors such as Ariba, various vendors EDI standards using XML
Integrate Oracle, SAP into order management and accounting.
Setup and integrate CRM (SalesForce.com, Microsoft) into order management system
Engineered, built and delivered Business Dashboard using QlikView by QlikTech use by executive management, sales and operations

DATAMART, USA, Marengo, Illinois 4/2010-11/2015
Direct Marketing, Interactive Marketing, Digital Print, Mail Fulfillment House.
Datamartdirect.com
VP, CIO
Over the last 2 years, took company from a manual operation process to 70% automated increasing margins, and increasing customer satisfaction as a result of quicker turn around and better quality. Responsible for all IT, Digital Print, PrePress, Web Development, internal, SQL Server, and customer technology integration.
Selected Achievements:
Managed all IT and Customer Support Projects from inception to delivery and support
Implement technology to support over 70% of the incoming and reoccurring jobs that used to take manual intervention. Including adding QA processes to raise the level of customer satisfaction.
Designed and Managed Plant move from Hanover Park to Bloomingdale
Implemented Budget process across the whole company (had never been implemented before)
Designed and Implemented Data Center and server consolidation movement.
Designed and Implemented Business Continuity, Disaster Recovery Program.
Implemented employee training in technology and security.
Implemented PCI for customer data security programs.
Initiated Cloud Analysis for application deployment
Build Programs for Trans Promo product development for client – 20,000 transactions daily
Develop Major Auto Digital Marketing Program for international auto firm including PURLS, personal digital print marketing, fulfillment and BI Tracking.

WYNSTAR, Lisle, Illinois 1991-1994
IBM Midrange – AS/400 – ERP Software developer and marketer.
Founder, CTO, CIO
Responsible for 30 developers, 10 customer service support as well as the company’s technology direction and implementation in building products for commercial use. Responsible for development methodologies, quality assurance, customer implementations, enhancements and presales support.

Selected Achievements:
Recruited and obtained Venture Capital investment in original company (IBS) to found Wynstar.
Recruited Management Team from CEO, Controller, Customer Service Manager and VP Sales and Marketing.
Helped build a dealer (affiliate) network with 12 affiliates and Sales offices in New York, Los Angeles and Chicago.
Designed and Implemented software development tools to increase programmer productivity over 100%.
Built Marketing Training videos for presenting the Wynstar Design and Technology for customer and Affiliates
Primary Architect for Alliance – ERP
Managed Development projects from inception to product delivery
Acted as Pre-Sales for large account prospects

INTELLIGENT BUSINESS SYSTEMS, INC, Arlington Heights, Illinois 1988-1991
Software Development Firm – IBM Midrange – AS/400.
Cofounder, President
Built software Development Company specializing in IBM midrange hardware and Wholesale Distribution/Manufacturing market.

Selected Achievements:
Cofounded company and recruited development, sales and support personnel.
Primary architect in company’s code product Alliance for Wholesale Distribution and Manufacturing.
Developed business plan for guiding organization and attracting partner companies (IBM VAR and IR Programs)
Managed IBM Partner relations program

HFA, INC, Deerfield, Illinois 1982-1988
ISV Manufacturing Applications – IBM System/38 & 4300 Main Frame.
VP Development
Responsible for the technology, development and architecture of the companies customized applications on the IBM 4300 mainframe. Develop migration and testing strategy for the applications on the new IBM System/38.

Selected Achievements:
Spearheaded development and architecture of the “new” IBM System/38 – including the 2nd install in the Midwest.
Developed training program for new and existing developers utilizing programing tools.
Designed and built new programming tools to automate development tasks reducing errors and improving programmer productivity

Also Having Understanding

Ruby on Rails Parallels Plex GMC software
Impostrip Adobe CS5.5 Linux (Ubuntu Desktop and Server

These are technologies that I have dealt with, understand their design and function but are not necessarily expert in.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of General Studies – Computer Science
Roosevelt University, Chicago, Illinois
DePaul University
USN Onboard University

Services
US Navy 1994 – 1998
Aviation Machinist, Plane Captain, NATOPS, instructor.
Chairman Riley Township Plan Commission 2005-2011

Other - Hobbies

Published Author – wrote Weekly and Monthly Column
on IT related Topics for Various Trade Publications
Wood Working
Christian Support Services
Music
Reading
Outdoor - fishing

References upon request.

Contact this candidate
