
Seeking a responsible and challenging maintenance/pipfitting position where my years
of experience can be utilized and will also afford me the opportunity for professional and personal growth.
Journeymen Maintenance Mechanic
Celmens Food Group, Coldwater, Mi
06/2017 to Present
Maintained,repairing and installing,dismantle,reassemble,and moveing machine incord with the set-up for production to run, also a Key reponsibilites is maintained the convoyer line's we have thur out the plant . (Thur out of we use or we have in the plant ) Flexlink Convoyer System's, Bulk handling, Belt's, Flexible Powered Roller, expandadleor Accordion, Stainless Steel, Pneumatic, skate Wheel's, Pallet Handling Belt's and Convoyors System's
Also responsibilities for Co2 Stunning area, Clean Harvest, Wet Harvest, Kill Room, Barn Area, Holding Pin Area, Renendering Area, Waste Water Area, EXPERIENCE
MARK T. MARENKO
204 adaline street
BATTLE CREEK, Michigan 49017
269-***-****
ac7ni0@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
Business Administration, ISO-QS9000/ISO-14001-Environmental Recycling, Hazardous Material/Emergency Response ( techician and entry level certificate) ammonia, freon and glycol systems, machine technology 1-4,pipefitting, 3000psi boiler pipe welding, mig & tig and plasma cutting, thermo-plastics repair, A.W.A.C.-stick welding, G.M.A.W.-gas metal arc welder, F.C.A.W.- flux cored arc welder, P.L.F.W.-pipe layout for fitter&welder, G.T.A.W.- gas tungsten arc welder, motoman progarm (certificate), (certificate licences) E.P.A.- 608 type-1 Waterjet units
OBJECTIVE
Journeyman Mechanic/ Machine Repair
Country Fresh- (Dean Food Company), Grand Rapids,, Michigan 12/2016 to 06/2017
Repair, maintained and installed, in Mechanical, Electrial and permatics equipment in variey processing/ packaging/skid loading from cardbroad carton (varity size )to plaste bottle and cup's ( varity size ) also Maintained and repair equipment for the raw milk Liquid to be pasteurized into processing of homozie milk for customer. Ammonia refrigeration compressor( both Liquid and vapor unit 's ) and Evaporator, Condenser, Reservoir, Control valve
Preventative Maintenance ( P.M.) were done on daily basic. Variety Equipment work on daily were upper and lower (Accuguide) guide belt convoyer,package line convoyer and chain drive processing convoyer, loma checkweight system and metal detecter, omron system ( p.e.c. reflector, sensopart system's wide variety loadcell, pailentize A.B.B. robot convoyer stacker and A.B.B. robot wrapper unit, H.V.A.C.- Culture package ( for yoplait yogur ), WEPACKIT- cordgate cardborad box former and cup's container package machine, Cryovac food package system's, Excel video jet printer and labeler, Autoprint series 400 inkjet printer, Siemens frequency controller, Allen/Brady
(500/01 series), Allen/Brady(1000 series program controller and paneview plus ) Allen/Brady C.P.U. ( 5000/01 series) Johnston 200 hp boiler and 400 hp boiler system's for atire plant use .
Uniloy machine (#8 blowmold unit's ) varity size (milk jug, bottle,cup's, lid's) suction pump's diaphram pump's, gear drive centrifuge pump's, piston hammer homogenizer pump's ( separate butter fat )
Journeyman machine repair/Millwright
Cosma Casting Michigan, Battle Creek, Michigan
10/2013 to 06/2016
Maintained and installed and repaired Mechanical, Electrical hydraulic press unit and high pressure alumiuman die cast machine /western thermal furnce and melter/ X-ray machine/ Raeis hydraulic press / bossis pin marker system /wessier ( C. N. C. ) high speed can line / to maintain and installing program's # 8 C.N.C. Machinist line (set-up) for produce line / water soft unit control /process water system for atire plant use / waste water system on day to day bussiness/ H.V.A.C. ( entire plant use ) repair and service Journeyman Maintenance Technician
Janesville Acoustics, Battle Creek, Michigan
10/2012 to 01/2013
Maintained and installed and repaired mechanical, electrical hydraulic press unit and waterjet units And Grieve Custom-designed heat processing systems for laboratory and industrial furnaces and environmental test chambers. Setup inclued set punch die to form die from large to small units . Troubleshoots and repairing all aspect of Fanuc robot . Repairing and Troubleshooting Fiber and acoustics padding high speed packageing lines Maintained and repair build maintenance to outside to inside, from sewage system to drink water system.
FIELD SERVICE TECHINICAN
ROSLER METAL FINISHING L.L.C., BATTLE CREEK, MI
09/2011 to 09/2012
Maintained and repairing, installing new and used equipment of high performance blasting system that often in the vibratory finishing in (shot blasting, surface finishing, drag finishing machine, robot shot blasting, jet wheelblasting, polyurthane lining, waste water treatment equipment ) from robot or manural operation . Training of personal, techinican and other on equipment and provided precision components for industrial, medical, defense, and aerospace applications.
Journeyman Maintenance Mechanic
Johnson control / BC, Battle Creek, MI
03/2010 to 04/2010
Repaired and replaced high speed prodution line. preventative maintenance on machine. Installed Robot's service and production weld's cell for line production of metal part's in Automotive Industrial and training personal and other techinican on equipment . Journeyman Maintenance Technician/Autom
Yorozu Automotive North America, Battle Creek, MI
08/2007 to 03/2009
Maintain and repair all production equipment including programming and trouble shooting of fanuc and motoman robotic also Omron,Allen Bradley-Slc 500,501 series control logix controllers. Troubleshoot and repair all aspects of fast moving prouction equipment. Troubleshoot and repair hydraulic components such as servo valves,pumps,cylinder,etc. Troubleshoot and repair design ladder,relay logic controls systems. Able to read mechanical and electronic,electrical,pneumatic,hydraulic prints. Maintained and repair all assorted screw compressors and processing water tower / maintain E.C.O. Iharbit Rustfree Paint Line and tranfurther line's. Day set-up for high-precision compound tooling and die seting . Journeyman Maintenance Technician/pipefi
Continental Carbonic Products Inc, Ablion, MI
03/2006 to 08/2007
Maintained and installed piping systems for liquid co2 compressors,and refrigerated liquid ammonia. Equipment maintained on a daily basis,Liquid co2 compressors,ammonia compressors,assorted screw compressors,packaging and processing equipment, kaeser compressors and equipment. Maintained and repaired hydraulic block presses and bulk liquid storage area and unloading and loading of bulk mataial into tanker's and computer weight Check System's.
Journeyman Maintenance Technician/Automa
Flex-n-Gate,L.L.C., Battle Creek, MI
07/1997 to 03/2006
Maintained and repaired electrical,mechanical systems and program malfunctions in automated systems,workcells,stamping press (manual and automatic)and dedicated hard automated machinery and sewage and waste water systems and water cooling tower's . Designed circuit modifications,calculated supplies using the National Electrical Code Guidelines,bent conduit,pulled wires and documented changes. wrote programs configured input/output devices, set up workcell for production and proto-type jobs. Equipment maintained:Branch circuits,control wiring, bus feeder drops, over current protection, Fanuc welding robots, A.B.B. robot's, Motorman, Omron System and Allen Bradley programmable logic controllers, H.M.I. System and various resistance,MIG,TIG and plasma, laser welder. Gemco programmable limit switches,HMS (unit's) parts transfer unit's,die protection controls,power punch press(Minster,Ravne,Danley,ClearingNiagara,Hess-Mae),overhead cranes,single and three phase motors.
Journeyman Maintenance Mechanic
Armour-Swift-Eckrich,Inc, Kalamazoo, MI
03/1991 to 12/1997
Supports production in Maintaining,troubleshooting,Repairing and replaced a variety of processing/packaging equipment. Preventative Maintenance on machines to enable timely processing of the product. Excelled under adverse conditions such as extreme temperatures and dampness's and wash down area . Operated forklift(licensed),scissor lift, hand lift and other equipment in the food processing industry. Ran, repaired, and maintained micro- processor and Programmable controllers along with PLC/PLC-2 /Allen-Bradley processor and Siemens processor and Siemens adjustable Frequency Controller equipment and Cryovac food package equipment . Followed U.S.D.A. Rules and Industrial Engineering guidelines and The Company,OSHA and MIOSHA regulatory requirements regarding food processing. H.V.A.C. Repairing and Liquid Ammonia Refrigeration ( Sullair and Vilter brand of compressors) and High pressure Boiler's troubleshooting for high pressure steam/recovering systems, installed valves, traps, unions,condenser, re circulated pump's and coolant temperatures area processing rooms. Repaired and replace equipment in processing cooling water towers and Thermal Evaporator Coils. Variety Robot and automation line package equipment's. Participate in lean and Five"S" program improvement event's, identifying and eliminating all types of waste EDUCATION & TRAINING
Diploma/certificate, Business Admin, Kellogg Community College, MI Diploma / Certificate, Welding / Pipe welding & Pipe fitter, Calhoun Area Vocdation Center, MI
Diploma, Gen studies / Machine Tech 1-4, Harper Creek High School, MI CERTIFICATES & LICENSES
Journeyman Maintenance Mechanic, Lakeview Welding Industy, MI Journeyman Millwright, Lakeview Welding Industy, MI Journeyman Industrial Welder, Lakeview Welding Industy, MI Journeyman Pipe fitter/ welder, Lakeview Welding Industy, MI HONORS, AWARDS, PROFESSIONAL ORGANIZATIONS
Jounrneyman cards in millwright,machine repair,industrial welder, piperfitter, pipewelder. Industrial Ammonia repair license.
Cerfificate's in the line of work, training cerfificate, plc/ pc for ladder logic

Contact this candidate
