
Name : R.Sateeshkumar Diploma in Automobile Engineering.
Mobile No : 875-***-****, 866-***-**** Diploma in Product Design.
Email id : ac7oj1@r.postjobfree.com

Carrier Objective:

To work for the organization with a great pride in the profession here my talents are encouraged and my knowledge is exchanged. To be successful at my chosen field through sheer, dedication hard work.

Past Experience:

Name of the Company : Hwashin Automotive India Pvt Ltd.

Designation : Production Supervisor

Department : Assembly Production Department

Period : April 2015 to April 2017

Past Experience:

Name of the Company : Royal Sundaram Alliance Insurance Company Limited, Chennai.

Designation : Motor Vehicle Inspector (Accident Vehicle).

Department : Motor Vehicle Claims Department

Period : July 2013 to July 2014

Academic Qualification:

Name of the course : Higher secondary (General machinist).

Name of the institute : National higher secondary school mannargudi.

Year of passing : 2010.

Percentage of Marks : 70%

Technical Qualification:

Name of the course : Diploma in Automobile Engineering.

Name of the institute : Ramakrishna Mission Polytechnic College Mylapore Chennai.

Technical Board : Directorate of Technical Education

Year of passing : 2013.

Percentage of Marks : 84%

Additional Qualification:

I have completed CNC programming Conduct by Institute at AIEMA (Ambattur industrial estate manufacturing association) Ambattur, Chennai.

I have completed AutoCAD (2d & 3d, draftsman) and Solid works (Designing).

Skills:

Automobile Engines

Electrical Wiring (House)

Electric Circuit Resoldering

Field of Interest:

Automobile Engineering

Manufacturing Process

Electrical field

Part modeling. (AutoCAD & Solid works)

Industrial Visit:

I have went to Industrial Visit at AIEMA (Ambattur industrial estate manufacturing association) Ambattur, Chennai.

I have went to Industrial Visit at NLC (Naively Lignite Corporation) Naively.

I have went to Industrial Visit at Namakkal Lorry Body Building.

Personal Information:

Father’s Name : K.Rajagopal

D.O.B : 06.04.1993

Religion : Hindu

Nationality : Indian

Blood Group : B+ve

Marital Status : Single

Languages Known : Tamil,
English
Telugu (only speak)

Address : 17/4A, Sanjeevirayan Kovil Street,
Mannargudi - 614001
Thiruvarur (DT)
Tamilnadu

DECLARATION

I hereby declare that all the statements made above are complete and true to the best of my knowledge.

Place: Yours Sincerely

Date : R.Sateeshkumar

Contact this candidate
