
DANNY KATIC
Cell: 858-***-**** PO Box ******, San Diego, CA 92150 Email: ac7o9v@r.postjobfree.com

OBJECTIVE - Seeking Production Supervisor/Master Tool Maker position, reflecting 30+ years of experience in manufacturing.

SKILLS - Proven abilities in a wide range of technical & management skills in Manufacturing and Production. Extensive Tool and Die experience.

Lean Manufacturing / 5S Implementation
Blueprint Reading & Interpreting
Pricing / Job Bidding
Designing Mechanical Applications
Personnel Training & Mentoring
Fabrication Specialist
Customer Relations & Negotiations
Operate & Setup All Manual Shop Equipment
Trouble Shoot & Maintain Production
Tool Maker / R&D / Precision Grinding
Scheduling / Manage Resources
Q.C. Inspection
Organizational & Communication
Team Player

EXPERIENCE

Master Tool Maker / Lead
Apr 2018 to Present Confluent Medical Technologies, Laguna Nigel, CA 92677

Use EPCOR system to generate work orders and travelers.
Assign daily work to manufacturing staff.
Mentor and train personnel as needed.
Participate in various Process Improvement meetings.
Collaborate with Engineering and Rapid Prototype departments on various tasks.
Create prototyping tooling, mold repair and polish
Diagnose problems and advise staff on remedies to versus manufacturing challenges.
Use Word and Excel to keep records and order materials.
Responsible for daily job flow through the shop to meet customers’ demands and schedules

Senior Tool Maker/Supervisor
Oct 2015 to Dec 2017 Engility Corporation, San Diego, CA
Manage and oversee the shop.
Rebuild naval shipboard components.
Fabricate tools, jigs, fixtures and prototypes.

Senior Tool Maker/Lead
Apr 2014 to Sep 2015 TE Connectivity, Oceanside, CA
Produce and maintain tooling and dies to support 30+ production team in Cold Heading and Stamping Departments. Progressive Die maintenance and repair.

Supervisor Shop & Q.C.
Jan 1994 to Mar 2014 Exotic Precision Inc., San Diego, CA
Manage and utilize Lean Manufacturing strategies to improve manufacturing processes.
Coordinate with suppliers and engineers to ensure delivery of key materials.
Plan and implement the production schedule including human and material resources.
Improve efficiency of production by distributing labor and allocating equipment to maximize utilization.
Designing fixtures and processes for Q.C. inspection & manufacturing.
Maintaining customer relations, negotiating rework and scrap discrepancies.
Generating inspection data sheets & reports, interfacing between Engineering & the shop.
Scheduling & pricing work, training employees, resolving conflict.

Machinist Lead
Nov 1989 to Jan 1994 Swiss Precision Inc., San Diego, CA
Fabricating tooling, die repair, die cast molds and progressive dies and mold repare and polish.

General Machinist A
Dec 1986 to Nov 1989 B.R.L. Industries, San Diego, CA
Remanufacturing machinery to government MIL specifications.
Building custom machinery from, mechanical assembly work, made and fit parts.

Journeyman Machinist
May 1985 to Dec 1986 Continental Airlines, LAX, Los Angeles, CA
Remanufacturing aircraft parts to FAA standards and specifications.
Making new parts from prints and written and verbal instructions.

Precision Grinder/Tool and Die Maker
Apr 1983 to May 1985 Northrop Aircraft, Hawthorne, CA
Grinding tools and cutters to exacting tolerances.
Radii form tools and forms using Universal cutter grinder including end mill sharpening, radii grinder, surface grinder, and comparators, tooling and die maintenance.

Precision Grinder A
Jan 1979 to Apr 1983 Sergeant Industries, Huntington Park, CA
Grinding precision Ball threads, V threads, Acme threads, Worm gear, OD, ID, Surface grinding, and general machining.
Tool and cutter grinder using Universal cutter grinders and radii grinders.

EDUCATION
New Town H.S., Queens, NY, Jun 1977

PERSONAL
Excellent in Automotive troubleshooting and problem solving.
Proficient in Personal Computers (Windows, Macintosh).
Very high mechanical inclination.
Tri lingual: English, Spanish, and Serbian.

Contact this candidate
