
SUMMARY

** ***** ** ************** ********** and professional service in both Military and Civil Service settings
Exceptional and expansive knowledge of computer hardware, software, and peripheral equipment
1 years executing Mechanical & Electrical Systems Layup sequences
Current Government Secret Clearance
Trained on critical environmental components such as fostering healthy working environments, conflict resolution, and employee appreciation
Executive level project planning & execution, well versed in dynamic operations direction and review
Lean Six Sigma Yellow Belt Certified (Continuous Process Improvement)
Departmental Work Center Supervisor/ Divisional Maintenance and Material Management (3M) Assistant qualified
Mastery of Naval Correspondence and Instruction formatting, development, tracking, and serialization
Navy Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Coordinator/ Counselor
US Navy Substance Abuse Rehabilitation Program Coordinator/ Counselor
Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, Production, SharePoint, etc) Expert
6 years’ experience as Afloat Supply Financial and Inventory Management Specialist
Strong large scale program development, planning, and execution skillset
.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE FEB 2016-Present
Director of Maritime Operations Contractor Lead, Transtecs Corporation
Track, detail, and disseminate confidential information on the manning of 57 ships in the Military Sealift Command fleet on a weekly basis. Maintaining and generating sea-shore rotation and embarking reports in direct support and relief of approximately 5,572 civilian mariners weekly.
Enthusiastically provide top-notch clerical support for 132 program analysts, stock control workers, principle port engineers, assistant port engineers, and other mission essential components of Military Sealift Command.
Lead a team of six in the Daily execution of 4 offices located on different military installations, generating positive feedback from all departments where services were rendered, receiving recognition from Reliable Government Solutions Vice-President directly.
Custodian of the Military Sealift Command Director of Maritime Operations Government Owned/ Government Operated ships share point website. Develop and maintain consistently evolving files containing confidential, and sensitive information in excess of 2000 files between 6 programs.
Provide direct service and support at the Senior Executive Service level to the office of The Director of Maritime Operations and The Director of Ships Management, including 7 Program Managers of Military Sealift Command.
Compile data, drafting, updating, and finally disseminating weekly reports charting ship manning, relief dates, and monthly outstanding operating/repair cost reports in anticipation for and in response to review by PM6 and PM8 Program Managers, PPE’s, and Transportation Specialists.
Maintained PM6 SIPR CASREP data pertaining to Combat Logistic Force ships for Principal Port Engineer ease of access.
Manage multiple complex conference room schedules with an average of 17 weekly meetings per room, attended by more than 250 personnel. Independently generate and distribute 6 weekly status reports critical to the movement and operation of CIVMARS in the MSC fleet worldwide.
Operating, repairing, and/ or correcting program issues on advanced peripheral computer equipment such as copiers, printers, and scanners after user error or system error, several instances per day.
Draft, update, and disseminate weekly “Ships Directory” containing extensive contact information for key personnel aboard the 53 government owned/ government operated ships in the DMO Fleet.
Provide comprehensive Human Resources support to Reliable Government Solutions/ Transtecs Corporate Program Managers through maintaining of departmental timecards, completion of all requests for leave, telework requests, and mandatory government training requirements.

Reactor Propulsion (RP-05) Work Center Supervisor APR 2015 – NOV 2015
USS George H. W. Bush CVN-77 Engineering RP05 Reactor Propulsion
Supervised 23 personnel in critical assorted daily tasks, including: Supply acquisition and management, Hazardous Material handling and safety, valve repair and replacement, drive shaft maintenance, material/ system equipment repair, and various mechanical and electrical lay-up sequences.
Vital and influential team member of Reactor Department, providing over 1100 hours of direct managerial assistance and support to the chain of command during an arduous 9 month incremental availability period in the Norfolk Naval Ship Yard ultimately resulting in the work center being two months ahead of the ship’s allotted schedule.
Lead a team of five in the replacement and testing of $256,000 of essential safety equipment such as safety netting, lanyards, halon stations, and emergency equipment resulting in an overall 98% safety rating during a Department of the Navy onboard assessment.
Generate weekly Maintenance schedules, and supervise maintenance completion of 150 hours of maintenance on High/Low Pressure Steam systems, and Potable/ Feed water systems per week at a 99% success rate as assistant work center supervisor.
I helped to Institute a rewards policy based on weekly performance increasing morale, individual productivity, as well as fostering healthy rivalry and competition within the work center.
Oversight of Oily-Water Separator disassembly, cleaning, parts ordering, modification and repair leading to the equipment updated, assembled and functioning three weeks prior to initial anticipation.
Took the lead on a joint Naval personnel/ Norfolk Naval Shipyard contractor crew of 12 chemical drying and electronic upgrade of the analog boiler temperature system on Re-boiler #1 and Re-boiler #4 in Reactor spaces two weeks ahead of the anticipated schedule, and with zero deficiencies after inspection.

Command Religious Ministries Department Assistant Supervisor DEC 2010- DEC 2014
USS Harry S Truman CVN-75 Command Religious Ministry Department
As the Assistant Supervisor for the Command Religious Ministry Department, I lead an 11 person team in the accomplishment of daily tasks such as operation of the ship’s library customer service station, coding and organizing supplies, and three to seven daily religious services. Servicing an average of 4,300 sailors per day, 7 days a week, the HST Library was one of the most utilized series of rooms on the ship.
Thoroughly documented and itemized $139,000 worth of constantly changing and depleting consumable inventory on a weekly basis as the Repair Parts and Supply Officer.
Coordinated and supervised the preliminary evaluation and contracting of 13 shipboard locations for renovation, Clever use of tools, parts, and material reduced costs initially from $441,000 to $360,000, an overall 19% reduction in production costs.
Assistant Maintenance Supervisor for 5 individual work centers in Combined Department. Supervised daily maintenance and upkeep of damage control equipment ensuring serviceability and reliability of $100,000 worth of material per work center.
Team Leader of 6 personnel for a 9 month deployment in the operation of Command Ministry Center, providing religious, counseling, and secular services to 5,500 shipboard crew members and Carrier Air Wing 3 personnel.
Controlled and Maintained every aspect of shipboard religious material, including tracing and tracking orders using commercial sources, Defense Logistics Agency, and the Defense Transportation System for CONUS and OCONUS delivery.
Co-created and implemented three different support groups totaling 37 persons, to facilitate the mental health and wellness of sailors and marines sharing similar life altering issues such as depression, grief, and divorce.
I attained Enlisted Surface Warfare Specialist qualification in 7 months-11 months ahead of the allowable completion time.

Contract Administrator/ Retreat Organizer APR 2008 - DEC 2010
Chaplains Religious Enrichment Development Operation (CREDO)
As the Director of Contracting, singularly administered a $330,000.00 annual budget ensuring all unit mission requirements were met.
As the CREDO Retreat Organizer, I coordinated 229 retreat events and workshops providing personal and professional growth opportunities to over 7,000 service members, veterans and their families annually.
Customer service professional, developed and managed a customer service training program for CREDO Mid-Atlantic training 17 personnel in proper etiquette during phone conversations and face to face interactions with clientele.
As the CREDO Director of Marketing, I established an effective advertisement program utilizing traditional marketing tactics, as well as internet advertising, and social media, swelling the CREDO customer base by an estimated 10% annually.
Professional Management and Supervisory Training
(400+ hours complete)
Technical Training
(400+ hours complete)
U.S. Govt. Computer network security
United Stated Navy Basic Engineering Common Core
Leadership and Management
United States Navy Tag-out Expert
Organization Communication
SKED 3.1 and 3.2 Supervisory Course
Organizational Theory and Behavior
Shipboard Fire Fighting
Equal Opportunity Awareness
Aircraft Fire Fighting
Human Resources Management
Structural Fire Fighting
Human Relations
Shipboard Damage Control Training Team (Team Leader)
Total Quality Management
Basic and Advanced Damage Control
Inventory Management
Machinist Mate (Non-Nuclear) “A” School
Resource Management
Religious Programs Specialist “A” School
United States Navy Supervisor Safety Course
Basic and Advanced Shipboard CBR Defense
Hazardous Material Use and Control

Hazardous Waste Management

United States Navy Information Assurance

Personally Identifiable Information Protection

Anti-Terrorism/ Force Protection

Environmental Compliance Assessment Management

United States Navy Records Management

Technical Publication Management

Professional References
Mr. Jon Schauwecker
N034 Deputy Program Manager
Coworker
757-***-****
ac7ond@r.postjobfree.com (Can Contact)
Mr. Andrew Jeffries
Military Sealift Command N04 Program Manager
Direct Government Point of Contact
757-***-****
ac7ond@r.postjobfree.com (Can Contact)
Mrs. Carrie Curran
N038 Deputy Program Manger
Coworker
ac7ond@r.postjobfree.com
757-***-****
ac7ond@r.postjobfree.com (Can Contact)

Education and Training
Degree/ Diploma
School
Date Graduated

Advanced Regents Diploma

Southwestern High School,Jamestown NY

June 2006

United States Navy Religious Programs Specialist “A” school

Basic Engineering Common Core

Machinist Mate “A” School

3 Semesters towards a Bachelors of Arts- Human Resources (Management)
Naval Air Station Meridian, Meridian, MS

Naval Station Great Lakes, Great Lakes, IL

Naval Station Great Lakes, Great Lakes, IL

Saint Leo University, Joint Base Langley- Eustis Education Center
January 2008

February, 2015

April, 2015

In Progress

Contact this candidate
