
Plant Manager
Area of Focus: Manufacturing

Qualifications Profile

Seasoned, multifaceted, and intuitive professional, with broad-based experience in operations management within manufacturing industry; complemented with strong knowledge of Kaizen, hazard analysis critical control point (HACCP), hazard analysis and risk-based preventive controls (HARPC), Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP), Lean manufacturing, and 5S methodologies. Well-versed in achieving production goals while maintaining compliance with standard operating procedures (SOPs) and ISO 9001. Armed with exceptional skills in implementing various strategies including budget and waste reduction to drive business growth. Equipped with proficiency in utilizing management software including SAP. Capable of establishing and cultivating in-depth relationships with various individuals from all levels and backgrounds.

Areas of Expertise

Lean Manufacturing Continuous Improvement Value Stream Mapping Team Building & Leadership Program Management Skills FDA, EPA, OSHA Communication and Decision Making Skills Coaching and Strategic Direction Performance Evaluation Reporting and Documentation Training and Development Operational Excellence

Relevant Experience

JMesser Consulting LLC Cleveland, TN
Consultant 2018–Present
Partnered with various clients which include Waiakea Springs Volcanic Water and American Label.
Made contribution for the development and implementation of company policies while supervising all divisional department activities to create and initiate long-term initiatives to achieve set-forth business goals.
Performed evaluation of activities, costs, operations, and forecast data to identify the progression of the department and division toward business growth and development.
Spearheaded manufacturing and materials departments to assess production and operating reports while providing sound solution to several issues within operational, manufacturing, and facility to reduce costs and ensure on-time completion of assigned duties.

Waiakea Springs Volcanic Water Hilo, HI
Consultant Plant Manager 2018
Facilitated training for plant manager and built leadership team by developing reporting requirements, in partnership with plant manager.
Trained assistant plant manager in performing overall duties of plant manager.
Created preventive maintenance (PM) program and daily service schedule to identify unusual wear and damaged parts of critical machine components.
Established cost cutting initiatives to properly maintain budget.
Instructed supervisors and line operators, responsible for establishing expectations at operator levels regarding line performance and expectations.

Notable Accomplishments:
Improved production operations from 78 bpm to 170 bpm by performing the following:
Reducing downtime from 2.5 hours to 30 minutes on a daily basis, which improved the reliability of operations; and
Boosting productivity within the assigned area by initiating Lean methodologies.

American Label Chattanooga, TN
Consultant General Manager 2017–2018
Administered the development and execution of preventive maintenance (PM) programs.
Provided first-rate services by establishing processes while recognizing areas of improvement to manage cost and implement changes.
Handled operating procedures to enhance product quality and directed various employees in performing assigned tasks.

Notable Accomplishments:
Demonstrated exceptional skills in leading the following achievement:
Generated 25% improvement in productivity;
Established 12% decrease in stored paper stocks;
Eliminated overtime through the modification of schedule; and
Decreased maintenance cost through the initiation of PM schedule.

Piedmont Springs Water Bottling Norcross, GA
Plant Manager 2017
Held responsibility in overseeing overall plant operations to achieve business goals.
Carried out several administrative tasks which include preparing production schedule, administering profit and loss (P&L) and budgets, as well as purchasing materials.
Assumed accountability in managing schedule to decrease labor cost.

Notable Accomplishments:
Successfully reached new production record by implementing Lean methodologies.
Planned and organized line set-up and equipment installation to increase the utilization of floor space.
Created and implemented standard operating procedures (SOPs) to maintain compliance with set-forth regulations.
Worked with plant personnel in organizing plant and shop floor.
Earned recognition by surpassing gross profit goals.
Enhanced quality and delivery while reducing all backorders.

Classic Cookie Sevierville, TN
Director of Manufacturing Operations 2015–2017
Led the implementation of continuous improvement while guaranteeing proper tasks execution, and managing manufacturing operations.
Collaborated with the team in creating and executing organizational strategies, policies, and practices.

Notable Accomplishments:
Succeeded in the development of four new layout and design, as well as product specifications within production lines.
Drove key efforts in improving workflow through the replacement of labor-intense processes.
Built the Management Team and generated standard work instruction throughout the plant.
Employed exceptional knowledge of production management, thus generating 10% improvement in production and line speed, as well as increasing line efficiency from 78% to 99% within a year.
Enhanced reliability and equipment speed, as well as quality to 1st Run Pass through the implementation of product specifications and line performance standards.
Conducted root cause investigation to reduce identified waste.
Played a pivotal role in decreasing operating cost by executing resource sharing and cross-training.
Utilized improved tools and methods that led to the reduction in safety risk.

Mars, North America Cleveland, TN
Chocolate Plant Technical Functional Expert, Plant 1 and 2 1989–2015
Acted as project manager, accountable for supervising cross-functional team which consisted of 19 members.
Took charge for the management of day to day operations and various duties including continuous improvement, value stream start up, PLC programming, and Pneumatic Conveyance Systems
Maintained process flow of logistics, material movement, and inventory control, as well as, high speed packaging machines, SWI creation and review, and Kaizen.
Directed maintenance technician and K-Tron® Feeder Programmer to ensure smooth operations.

Notable Accomplishments:
Led the successful $3M equipment upgrade in compliance with assigned budget and timelines.
Made major contribution in reducing direct labor cost from $3.4M to $2.8M by using Lean practices and downtime by 22% by formulating PM program and schedule.
Produced $400K savings by reducing area waste.
Demonstrated exceptional skills in fostering Area Safety Program.

Other Experience

J & J Machine McDonald, TN
Machinist Tool-die Maker 2007–2011

Messer Networks Cleveland, TN
Owner

Whirlpool (Magic Chef) Cleveland, TN
Machinist Tool and Die Maker

United States Army Fort Hood, TX
Sergeant Section Leader

Contact this candidate
