
MIHAI SOCHIRCA
**** ******** ******, #*
Los Alamitos, CA 90720

Telephone: 562-***-**** E-mail: ac7riq@r.postjobfree.com

OBJECTIVE
Seeking employment and professional development in Security or Law Enforcement industry.

EXPERIENCE
Allied Universal Security 2003-Present
Shift Supervisor
Supervise and verify the activity during my shift, institute measures to ensure compliance of OSHA, state laws and customer policy. With over 15 years experience in security, I am applying my skills and knowledge to reduce the overtime deficit, and to increase the training quality of the security team. Efficient in scheduling and maintaining records and documentation. Strong interpersonal communication and follow-through skills.

Seal Beach Police 2011-Present
Police Volunteer
I participate in the city events (crowd control, public relations), DUI check points, city patrols (foot or vehicle), residential vacation checks, fleet maintenance, handling the Lost & Found issues at the Police Substation manned by Police Volunteers.
Also, we are assigned to administrative type duties assisting in Evidence and Records division as well as in detectives office.

G4S Security 2010-1013
Hospital Security Officer
Trained to respond to hospital emergency codes, to protect life and property of all persons on hospital premises, hospital buildings and to prevent fire, theft and vandalism.

Los Angeles County Police 2008
Police Officer Trainee
Separated from academy due to a medical problem, eligible for reinstatement.
The department was assimilated by Los Angeles County Sheriff Department, preventing my reinstatement.

Department of Homeland Security (Transportation Security Administration) 2006-2007
Transportation Security Officer
Provided security and protection of air travelers, airports and aircraft. Performed passenger and
baggage screening, including tasks as hand-wanding, pat-down searches, and monitored walk-through metal detector screening equipment. I accumulated and developed a wide range of experience working with people, learning to be accountable and reliable in any situation.

Christian Dior Store (South Coast Plaza Mall) 2004-2005
Loss prevention - Security officer
Conducted surveillance to detect shoplifters and ensured physical security by controlling access of associates and customers, along with maintaining a merchandise control log. Enforced company policies and safety procedures.

Journey Electrical Technologies 2002-2003
Electrician
Installed wiring systems and electrical fixtures in industrial, commercial and residential buildings. Required knowledge and application of electrical principles and safety standards.

Sabco Electrique 2001-2002
Electrician
Installed, maintained, troubleshoot and repaired electrical wiring systems and associates fixtures. Installed controls and equipment in industrial and residential buildings. Required knowledge of the industry, application of electrical principles and safety standards.

JFC Temps.,Inc 2000-2001
Electronic Assembler
Assembled and repaired specialized cables for computer industry. (IBM, COMPAQ, HP)

Jani-King 1998-2000
Office and professional crystal cleaning.

Romstar Eng., Machine Shop 1997-1998
Machinist with conventional CNC machine
Fabricated and verified small parts for computer and aircraft industry (Boeing). Performed electrical and mechanical upgrades for CNC machines. Reviewed and converted electronic modules of CNC machines used in shop.

TAROM, Romanian Airlines 1994-1997
Avionics technician for Boeing 737 (line maintenance)
Tested, troubleshoot, removed and replaced aircraft instrument and avionics components and /or systems installed in airframe using hand tools, test equipment and technical documents. Specialized in monthly and annual services ("A" and "B") for Boeing 737.

TAROM, Romanian Airlines 1985-1994
Lab Technician
Tested and repaired electronic units for BAC 1-11 and Boeing 707. Participated in remodeling and upgrading bench test equipment, integrating new technology programmed to interact with new aircraft systems. Under minimal supervision, troubleshoot and repaired system discrepancies using blue prints and other documentation.

PROFESSIONAL TRAINING
Tear gas and pepper spray
BSIS Guard Card
First Aid/CPR/AED (American Red Cross)
PC 832(a) (2009)
Avionics systems for Boeing 737
Civil Aviation Training Center, Bucharest, Romania (1994)
Mechanics (A&P) basic training for Boeing 737
Civil Aviation Training Center, Bucharest, Romania (1994)
Electrical and electronic systems for BAC 1-11
Civil Aviation Training Center, Bucharest, Romania (1986)
Special testing equipment for aviation (UTE - Universal Testing Equipment)
TAROM, Bucharest, Romania (1985)
Electrical and electronic systems for Boeing 707
Civil Aviation Training Center, Bucharest, Romania (1985)

EDUCATION
Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University 2005-2008
Long Beach, CA
Associate of Science in Aviation Technical Management

Romanian Air Force -
Technical Military School for Aviation 1982-1985
Medias, Romania.
Command Panel Equipment and Electrical Systems.
(Avionics Engineering)

Contact this candidate
