
AJI GEORGE
Thayil House,
Pathirappally P O,
Alappuzha, Kerala, India 688521
Mob: 009***********
Whatsapp – 009***********
IMO - 009***********
Email: ac7rrw@r.postjobfree.com
Skype: aji.george48
CAREER OBJECTIVE
Looking for a position as a Flexographic Printing Machine In charge or Production Supervisor utilizing exceptional skills in operating different types of machinery in order to orchestrate a smooth flow of production process.
ACADEMIC PROFILE
ITI Fitter in Jubilee Memorial Industrial Training Centre, Alappuzha in 1999.
Machinist in Carmel Polytechnic, Alappuzha in 2000.
SSLC in MIHS, Alappuzha in 1997.
PERSONAL SKILLS AND ABILITIES
10+ years of overseas experience in corrugated carton industry.
Able to do supervision.
Experience in planning.
Experience in mechanical maintenance.
Able to operate forklift.
Experience in Die cut and Cliché manufacturing.
Able to mount Cliché.
Experience in Ink mixing like Pantone, GCMI, etc.
Experience in costing.
Able to handle warehouse and material stores.
Ability to meet critical deadlines.
Excellent organizational and team skills and can train the subordinates.
Proficient with computer literate(Micro soft Word, Excel,Etc)
Responsible for other duties as needed.
Taking new challenges to enhance my organizational capabilities.
Flexibility to work in a group as well as an individual.
Attended ISO programs and QMS,EHS,TQM programs.
Knowledge in overall equipment effectiveness(OEE). WORK EXPERIENCE
Company : Pioneers Technical Systems, Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. Designation : Corrugated Carton Factory Production In charge of Flexographic Printing and Die-cutting Machine and Fosber flexo folder gluer from the period since April 2015. Machines : Fosber (Made in Italy). It is a four-colored flexographic printing machine with rotary die-cut and slotter, fosber flexo folder gluer and automatic stitching machine.
Company : United Carton Industries Company, Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. Designation : Senior Flexographic Printing and Die-cut Machine Operator from a period of November 2007 to January 2013.
Machine : Gopfert Evolution (Made in Germany). It is a four-colored flexographic printing machine with rotary die-cut which can run a maximum size of corrugated sheet of 1600x2800 mm. The maximum speed of the machine is 10000 sheets/hr. Along with this machine an automatic pre-feeder, stacker and palletizer.
Responsibilities:
o To run the machine in a shift with my own responsibility. o To check the input board quality.
o To check the ink quality and viscosity.
o To prepare the printing plates and die cuts.
o Mounting cliché and die maintenance.
o To set up the machine for smooth running.
o To frequently check the printing and die cutting quality. o To check the color matching and to maintain viscosity. o To achieve the target.
o To reduce the down time.
o To obey safety rules and regulations.
o To ensure the palletizing bundle counting.
o Prepare for the next job.
o Maintain cleanliness work atmosphere.
o Trouble shooting. Etc
Company : Sam raj Carton Company, Alappuzha, Kerala. Designation : Shift Supervisor from May 2013 to April 2015 Responsibilities: The same responsibilities maintaining at Pioneers Technical Systems.
Company : Excel Glasses, Alappuzha, Kerala.
Designation : Apprentice trainee from May 2000 to 2001. Responsibilities:
o To help operators in general shift at machine side.
Company : DC Mills, Alappuzha, Kerala.
Designation : Senior machine operator from 2002 to 2007. Responsibilities:
o To run the rubberizing hydraulic machine.
o To check the quality.
o To maintain cleanliness.
o To achieve to target.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
Father’s Name : George T. Mathew
Date of Birth : 21/11/1981
Languages known : English, Malayalam, Arabic, Tamil, Hindi Marital status : Married
Nationality : Indian
Passport Number : K8455834
DECLARATION
I, the undersigned do hereby certify that to the best of my personal knowledge and belief this curriculum vitae correctly describes about my qualification, experience, and myself. Date : 04/11/2018 AJI GEORGE
Place : Jeddah

Contact this candidate
