
JOSEPH A. SALUGSUGAN
Gumamela Extension Carmen Cagayan De Oro City
Cell #: +966*********/092********
Email Add: ac7st4@r.postjobfree.com

Position Objective: To support company value statement by doing my duties and responsibilities according to the company’s rules, regulation and its standard operating procedure.

Mechanical Engineering Technology Profile
Cost-conscious and analytical with history of success
Optimizing quality and production processes in fast-paced manufacturing environment.

Professional Experience

MECHANICAL TECHNICIAN September 2016- present
AYTB (Al Yusr Townsend Bottum)
Jubail Kingdom of Saudi Arabia

DUTIES & RSPONSIBILITIES:

Completing all duties according to applicable safety measures, and make sure work permit, and lock out tag out must be followed strictly before start work.

Mobilization workforce of different plant, shutdown activity like installation of static equipment such as; safety valve, pressure relief valve, control valve, gate valve, ball valve and check valve. Clean and check damage bolt after dismantling and replace damage bolt for preparation during box up.

During box up prepare all the needed tools and make sure that working area is clean and free from hazard, and start work, conduct bolt tightening using pneumatic torque wrench, sequence tightening must be followed accordingly, step by step procedure until final tightening.

Installation of rotating equipment such as; pumps, blowers, and gearbox using the reverse and conventional method of alignment.

Assist GRANITE personnel in overhauling of steam turbines; activity done will be cleaning the spare parts of turbine such as; rotary blade, stationary blade, diaphragm, upper and lower casing of turbine, perform cleaning using penetrated liquids to remove dust, stain and rust. After cleaning secure parts in a safe area and cover it with plastic ready for assemble.

MACHINIST: January 22, 2012 – March 22, 2015
Sirius Star Est.
Light Industrial Area, Jubail
Kingdom Saudi Arabia

DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITY:

Maintenance and overhauling of all kinds of isolation valves include gate valve, ball valve, plug valve, butterfly valve, check valve, and hydro pressure gate valve.
Servicing of pneumatic and hydraulic operated valves.
Fabrication of spare parts.
Hydro testing of various types and sizes of valves.
Replacement of valves and bonnet joints.
Repacking of valve gland at site.

DUTIES:

Before overhauling of valves, prepare all tools and equipment needed. Put markings on valves while it is not yet disassemble using letter punch. Disassemble valve using hammer wrench and impact wrench, after removing all the parts clean it very well and set aside in a proper area for QC inspection.
Check all defective parts and make request in the warehouse for new replacement.
Machining of parts such as stem, bonnet, body of valve using lathe machine, vertical lathe machine, milling machine.
Set up the work piece in the machine for machining.
After completing the parts and securing all gaskets and seat, start assemble and after assembly prepare all flanges and bolt for hydro test, once it is done call QC for final inspection.

MACHINIST March 2006 to September 2011
Makoto Metal Technology Incorporated
Mactan Economic Processing Zone
Basak Lapu-lapu City, Cebu

DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES

Carryout precision conventional machining on MILLING, LATHE, and SURFACE GRINDING MACHINE with the ability to achieve a tolerance of +-0.005mm capable to handle from 1mm up to 800mm of size of ferrous and non ferrous material. Most type of works are base plate, sub plate, shafting, bracket, bolt and nut, bushing, pallet, actuators and other mechanical parts used in manufacturing industry.
Conduct in line QC after machining to verify the work piece is same as specified on drawing such as; correct dimension, tolerances, surface finished and interpretation of views, with the used of precision measuring tools like vernier caliper, micrometers, pin block/gauges, tool microscopic, profile projector.
Create and design jig and fixture to set up complex, irregular shape, and multi machining parts.
Reporting for shift leaders for status update, quality alert and highlight of the production.
Developed accurate, operations-wide measurement standards to increase production, minimize non-value added time, and reduce cost.
Monitored and analyze workflow, processes, procedures, and line activities, identifying and resolving bottlenecks to maximize efficiency.
Developed documentation system to ensure accurate and timely updates.
Conducts calibration of machines, and precision measuring tools every month.
Conducts preventive Maintenance quarterly.,
MACHINE OPERATOR : July 2003 to March 2005
Yamaki Philippine Corporation
Mactan Economic Processing Zone II
Basak Lapu-lapu City, Cebu

Challenged to work as a team, analyze and obtain proper procedure in handling given task. Give ideas and help improve work efficiency and quality in the products.

Selected contributions:
Check condition of the machines before start of operation.
Ensures the availability of raw material that will be needed.
Operates electrical testing of “shunt” on its specified voltage and amperes.
Assemble shunt on its type of model just in time.
Fabricate “shunt”-a machine fuse made of manganese plate and brass.
Assemble shunt on its type of model just in time.
Conducts preventive maintenance quarterly on our machines.

Education and Credentials

Mechanical Engineering Technology (Graduated March 2003)
Mindanao Polytechnic State College
Lapasan, Cagayan De Oro City

Automotive Mechanic (Graduated March 2000)
Camiguin Polytechnic State College
Balbagon Mambajao, Camiguin

Achievements

(TESDA) Technical Education and Skill Development Authority
Third Class General Machinist
Passed: February 2003
Certificate #: 03-10-04-01-022*

Heavy equipment operation (Bulldozer) NC II
Passed November 18, 2011

Professional Development

Basic knowledge in esprit cam files automation
Operates computerize numerical control machine (lathe and milling type)
Plumbing, iron work, die casting, acetylene and welding machine
Windows OS (97, 2000, Vista and Win7)
Microsoft Office (97 and 2007)
Can Understand Japanese machining drawing
Driving

Seminars and Trainings Attended
SAFETY I- (Equipment Opening and Line Breaking)
May 30, 2014 conducted by Trainors Worldwide Alliance International Network
Jubail Saudi Arabia

SAFETY II- (Leadership, Communication, Coaching and Mentoring)
May 30, 2014 conducted by Trainors Worldwide Alliance International Network
Jubail Saudi Arabia

ERUF- Emergency Rescue Unit Group.
First aid and basic life support course
Conducted: April 17 to 18, 2006 at Lapu-lapu City.

Sandvik- Basic training on different types of cutting and threading tools
Conducted By: Sandvik Personnel

Makoto- Basic Fire Fighting Training
Conducted By: Engr. Jun Montances
Held at Makoto Metal Technology Incorporated

Makoto- Basic Training on Solid-works program
Conducted By: Engr. Tito Ricafranca
Held at Makoto Metal Technology Incorporated

Personal Background

Age : 34
Birth Date : December 30, 1981
Sex : Male
Religion : Roman Catholic
Civil Status : Single
Nationality : Filipino
Height : 5’5”
Languages Spoken : Tagalog & English
Passport # :EB6663704

Character References

Mr. Marlon Casiple
Production Supervisor
Yamaki Philippine Corporation
MEPZ II Lapu-lapu City
Mobile #: 091********

Engr. Jenie Ardiente
Production Team Leader
Makoto Metal Technology Incorporated
MEPZII Basak Lapu-lapu City.

Contact this candidate
