
MM
Mohamed S Mubarak
Professional Summary
Talented CNC Machine Operator capable of operating different types of machines with speed and efficiency. Highly accurate and knowledgeable with a good understanding of bonding and finishing processes. Punctual Manual Lathe Machinist with a high level of skill and attention to detail. Determined self-motivator capable of monitoring work completion and identifying machinery issues immediately. Seeking a new position as a Machine Operator 2 with a great organization.
Experienced manufacturing professional adept at running grinders, lathes and other CNC machines in fast-paced environments. Certified Machine Operator with expertise in monitoring gauges, changing out tools and loading materials.
Work History
Stryker Corporation - CNC Machine Operator
Mahwah, NJ
02/2015 - 11/2018
ac7usr@r.postjobfree.com
347-***-****
79 E Maple Ave, Suffern, NY 10901
Skills
Running machines
Numerical controls understanding
DNC understanding
Safety processes and procedures
Extremely quick learner
Production procedures
Written and verbal communication
Blueprint reading
Education
Lincoln Tech
Mahwah, NJ
Machining & Designing
Certifications
Certified Machine Operator
● Properly loaded and unloaded materials in and out of machines. Manually set up machinery and equipment, which included lathes, mills and grinders.
●
Assessed equipment after each use, performing preventative maintenance to keep machines running smoothly.
●
● Moved finished work to the correct staging area for disposition.
● Operated and maintained up to 2 different mill and lathe machines.
● Loaded and unloaded parts to maintain high level of production. Adhered to a high level of safety by following company rules and regulations to prevent injuries on the job.
●
● Trained and coached new team members on proper procedures.
● Performed accurate tool changes and offsets.
● Responsible for achieving production requirements.
● Maintained quality assurance and customer satisfaction objectives.
● Kept work areas clean and neat.

Contact this candidate
