
Robert Boisvert
1-603-***-****
ac7vtl@r.postjobfree.com

Objective: Maintain a mechanical aptitude, skilled craftsmanship, and strong work ethic. Excellent communicator able to see a project through on time with superior results. Experience includes staff management, inventory control, purchasing, estimates, proposals, contract negotiations, vendor/client/contractor relations, and OSHA compliance. Proficiently interpret and communicate blueprints, plans, and specifications.

H & M Metals – Amherst, NH April 2010 - Current
CNC Operation / Machinist

Dispatch work to the machining dept utilizing the lists from management.
Set up & run products ensuring efficient work flow.
Verify that all labor & move transactions are reported U& correct any errors.
Deliver the highest standards in quality work and productivity levels.

Hollis Line Machine – Hollis, NH July 2007 – January 2010
CNC Operation / Machinist

Performing CNC/manual set-up and programming (Mastercam) on Bridgeport’s, Millers and Lathes.
Safely operating hand/power tools and equipment, including lathes, shapers, grinders and saws.
Diagnosing, troubleshooting and repairing faulty machinery and equipment.
Precision shaping of steel, copper, bronze and aluminum parts.
Accurately maintaining tolerance levels of +/- .0001 thousandths of an inch.

Lowell Precision Machine – Lowell, MA September 1985 – July 2007
Owner/Operator

Responsibility for performing precision machining of all work.
Supervise a production crew of machinist for microwave manufacturing and subcontracting for government and private industries.
Manage tight production schedules and Quality Control procedures.
Monitor compliance with job specifications and ensure resolution of production problems.
Oversee entire staff interviewing, hiring, training, supervision, and evaluation.
Enforce the proper use of protective gear and the mandatory requirement for OSHA compliance.
Manage administrative functions in areas of job estimates, proposal development, budget controls, vendor relations, and contract negotiations.
Prepare monthly status and budget reports for management review.
Schedule and verify deliveries to ensure the timely shipping and receiving of parts.

Skills
Proficiently read blueprints and optical measuring devices for precision and accuracy.
Analytical with excellent mathematical and problem-solving skills.
Proper use of Cutting Tools

References Available upon request.

Contact this candidate
