
Raymond J. Coon

** *** ******** ********* *.H. 03244 603-***-**** ac7x9z@r.postjobfree.com

Position Desired: Project Manager, Maintenance Manager, Facilities Engineer.
Seeking employment where my extensive background in Leadership, Engineering, Project Management, Construction Management, Plant Facilities/Services, Equipment set-up, Manufacturing and Predictive Maintenance skills can be utilized.

Strengths
Friendly, intuitive, good listener, sense of urgency, convincing, strong work ethic, fair and determined.
Skilled Plant Engineer, Project Manager and Equipment Specialist.
Proven Leader, problem solver, 25 years’ experience working in many different environments.
Strong multi-tasking, excellent communicator, clear writing skills/verbal up and down in the organization
Meticulous experienced planner, can do attitude. Years of experience managing teams/ running projects.
Effective time management, strong performance management and analytic skills. Experienced change agent!
Experienced in Facilities operational requirements for 24/7 three shifts schemes.
Team-builder, collaborative, principle driven, courageous, works well under extreme conditions, decisive.
Use technology, organizational challenges, alignment and rewards to improve current state.
Have improved machinery reliability via re-engineering, maintaining, properly and coaching operators for decades.

Proven record
Performed all Plant maintenance with focus on reliability. Moved from reactionary to TPM methodology.
Developed plant computerized maintenance databases, performed and documented all tasks. Implemented new technologies to improve reliability. This is a living document that is continually being customized and updated to further improve results.
Developed and managed a multitude of construction/infrastructure projects from 500k to 3 million. Have spent over 30 million in capital as a project manager.
Changed culture of 800 stakeholders from wasteful consumers to agents of sustainability. Four-year effort, Corporate acclaim
Reduced man- power requirements through building automation controls system development, major productivity gains (15%) in the plant/engineering area.
Improved infrastructure, productivity, teamwork, operations uptime, safety and environmental controls in all areas of responsibility. Upgrading a light manufacturing facility to Best in Class over a Ten-year period. Over 550 million annual sales in the highly competitive automotive market place OE and aftermarket.
Plant wide replacement of 50 HVAC units, Installation of DDC controls and software, Metasys frontend.
Engineered Plant Wide Compressor upgrade. HPA improvements impacting 8 buildings, 4 compressors, a heat of compression dryer and associated VFD resulting in exceptionally dry clean air. Dew-points at -40, usage 3,400-4,000 cfm.
Reduced KW demand through energy conservation, staggered startup, high efficiency motors, T-5 lighting, VFDs and building automation systems. Went from 2 million KW per month to 1, 7 million.
Invested capital in infrastructure, implementation of new effective environmental controls, implementation of new egress system, plant-wide fire alarm upgrade, on demand hot water heaters, occupancy sensing (motion switches), and switchgear monitoring system.
Driving all continuous improvement projects covering 8 buildings and 300,000 square ft. - sponsored over 40 lean manufacturing initiatives resulting in improved plant productivity. (typically 5-6% annually)
Co-engineered a lean event that reduced headcount by 10 associates per shift, major equipment moves, redesign, no impact on the OE customer, involved over 100 contributors, 16 months to execute.
Two time OSRAM STAR nominee, 1 successful runner-up award, dozens of exceptional Performance awards. Led installations on three major manufacturing lines.
Reduced consumption in 4 major areas of operations. Electricity, Propane, Water and Hazardous waste removal.
Project coordination/completions yielded reduced plant operational costs by 1.4 million dollars.
Staff member 1 of 12, managed 10 salary reports, 14 indirect reports, a modern machine shop, and led a Hazmat, chemical response team.
Designed over 100 devices and implemented into the manufacturing process to improve first pass yield.
Developed a business plan, built a Motorcycle shop and leveraged technology, my supply chain, and pricing resulting in excellent customer service levels servicing Harley Davidson Motorcycles as an independent dealer.
Spent 8 years to date customizing motorcycles, building high performance motors, growing my customer base to over 350 clients, performing 2,400 services annually and engineering motor build contracts.
Have assembled and lead over 15 teams statewide and abroad who met all KPI criteria from charter inception to project close.
Built a 3 bedroom log home with all modern amenities, radiant heating, passive solar, custom wood boiler and windmill in the works. Stunning fireplace in grand-room and 4 season sunroom with eight palladium windows decorated in South Dakota style.

Education
MBA Franklin Pierce University Rindge N.H. Leadership Major
BS Franklin Pierce University Rindge N.H. Business Management.
Associates Degree in Applied Science HVAC, Pima College AZ

Skills
Effective project planner/estimator with emphasis on orchestrating timely tasks with no details unfinished. Right the first time.
Strong electrical, mechanical, HVAC, pneumatic, hydraulics, pipefitting, plumbing acumen. Experienced welder, arc, mig and tig.
Strong electrical troubleshooting and mechanical troubleshooting skills and ability to interpret schematics and blueprints.
Proficient computer skills Microsoft office, Microsoft word, Microsoft excel, Microsoft project Microsoft outlook and AutoCAD. Experienced in PLC programming, computer programming, controls programming. Excellent math skills to perform calculations, measurements, conversions, load calculations, costs, coverage schemes and manpower needs.
Familiar with Plant electrical distribution networks, panel/ Buss duct installations, cable installations, Switchgear/transformer maintenance, equipment disconnects, lockout-tag out. Plant lighting, VFDs, backup generators, Air Handlers, process exhausts, exhaust fans, makeup air units, propane heaters, compressors, chillers, air conditioners, UPS, refrigeration units and con-densors. OSHA certified in Arc Flash Training. Hazardous waste handling, ladder safety, and fall protection.
Experienced in Plant services, fire-alarms, sprinkler systems, access systems, conveyor systems, gas distribution systems, liquid nitrogen, vacuum, LPA, HPA, liquid oxygen, Hydrogen, sulfur dioxide, hot water, low pressure steam, boiler operation, chilled water, closed loop chillers, Vacuum pumps, condensers, LN2 recovery. Good machinist with a solid understanding of metallurgy, machine tool operation, blueprint reading, tolerance-ing and surface finishes.
Extensive safety management training in Hazardous material identification, handling, disposal and reporting.
Experienced in using work instructions, standard operating procedures. 15 years’ experience working within ISO 9001 and ISO 9004.
Leadership Major in College, Steven Covey 7 habits of highly effective people, extensive team building experience.
Develop annual budgets, Develop RFQs for projects, RCE’s for capital expenditures ’perform cost/benefit ROI analysis, select vendors, control project list, plan plant events, execute to plan, report on outcome and pass on lessons learned.
Experienced in Lean Manufacturing techniques and Kaizen principles. Skilled in many levels of machine automation.
Extensive machinery experience, high speed assembly, robotics/ packaging. Familiar with Six sigma, green/black belt.
Excellent maintenance manager with no stone unturned. Machinery uptime and extended service life key metrics.

Abbreviated Work History

Facilities Engineering Project Manager BAE Systems Hudson NH July 2017 to present-
Working all phases of projects in the local BAE facilities to satisfy program manager’s requirements and meet BAE standards of excellence. Projects range from major infrastructure upgrades, to fit ups, program moves, lab consolidations, HVAC engineering, Electrical/ Mechanical engineering, computer networking and Building Automation installations. Extensive estimating of costs, specifying materials, establishing timelines, obtaining capital, developing bid packages, selecting contractors / subs, working with local tradespeople, managing cost, security, labor, materials, safety and reporting until project objective is realized. Currently 11 projects worth 2.8 million.

Owner Operator April 2007- Present (April 1 thru Oct 31 Seasonal)
RCCycles Hillsboro N.H.-Retail sales of Custom and Used motorcycles, parts and accessories. Designed and Built 1600 sg ft shop and showroom. Specialize in engine work and high performance upgrades, custom motorcycle fabrication and day-to-day service with customer service the key metric. Shop is well equipped, organized, clean and efficient. rccyclesnh.com

Welder/Fabricator (Nov 2010-March 2015 Fall/Winter seasons on contract)
Working for large public utilities in the Alternate Energy sector- Working on outages ranging from 15 days out to a month from Richmond Virginia to Portland Maine. Projects are very large is scale and labor intensive. Round the clock coordination with Plant Engineering. Experience in burn table operation, welding heavy plate, flame-cutting heavy plate, welding in every position imaginable mostly in confined spaces. Rigging heavy plate, extensive layout, building subassemblies in field conditions fitting up too many different power applications. Union and Non-union environments.

Manager, Facilities, EH&S April 2008-March-2009
Omega Optical Filters Division Brattleboro VT. Support manufacturing, managing projects, develop budgets and ensuring environmental compliance. Two shift operation with main focus on implementing programs to meet LEEDS criteria. Managed machine shop area, CMMS system, plant maintenance, contingency planning and plant startup/shutdowns.

Manager, Plant Engineering /Facilities Maintenance and Environmental Health & Safety Feb 2002- March 2008:
OSRAM SYLVANIA Hillsboro NH
Plan, coordinate and direct the design, layout, installation and Industrial maintenance of the building, building support systems and production equipment in a cost effective manner in accordance with corporate and production requirements.
Plan and provide general project and machine maintenance schedules to subordinate supervisor to ensure that the plant is operating efficiently.
Documentation all work orders, develop and track project list and report progress to cross functional team leaders. Maintain emphasis on Facilities Management / Project Management, manage vendors to perform all levels of trade work.
Oversee investigation and troubleshooting of equipment malfunctions and direction of repair activities as necessary to minimize downtime. Oversee materials management, inventory management to ensure availability and proper stocking levels.
Assist in the establishment and monitoring of maintenance supplies, spare parts, replacement parts, tools and contract services as required. Maintain inventories for all consumables for the plant, housekeeping and grounds. Assist in vendor selections, cost negotiations and approve invoicing. Develop estimates (cost/time) and requests for Quotations as necessary.
Research, implement and recommend improvements to building, utilities and plant equipment to reduce costs, improve product, improve efficiencies and improve the general safety of the plant.
Provide technical assistance to production departments; diagnose root cause analysis and make recommendations to eliminate production problems and to improve operating effectiveness through more efficient use and care of equipment.
Establish and implement record and filing systems on matters relating to maintenance, equipment repair, equipment reliability equipment uptime and purchasing/procurement activities. Initiate purchase orders in a timely fashion.
Actively identify and initiate process improvements to positively impact financial viability, service and product quality, and customer satisfaction. Drive Continuous Improvement, discover opportunities.
Monitor utilities usage, diagnose excessive consumption rates and implement procedures to minimize costs.
Work closely with Plant Manager to develop capital appropriation budget and provide input on engineering, purchasing and installation requirements for capital projects. Engage in policy development and policy administration.
Provide around the clock, services, technical support, maintenance, security, snow removal and boiler operations.
Responsible for understanding and complying with applicable regulations, governmental, safety, environmental considerations.
Participates in departmental and interdepartmental planning and management teams and work cross-functionally to improve processes within the organization, and assist other facilities as required.
Coach, motivate, train and effectively manage the performance of hourly and salaried team member’s. Complete all performance reviews, bi-annually and annually. Highlight and budget monies for employee development.
Develop Preventative Maintenance Databases for all plant equipment. Trickle down to local department best practices.
Lead all Plant /Facilities Project activities soup to nuts.

HID Project Manager June 2000- Dec 2002
Responsible for leading the integration activities for the D-2 manufacturing equipment scheduled to arrive in Hillsboro April 2001. This involved a 2.3 million-dollar renovation of building 2 in the Hillsboro facility. World class result!

Project Leader Dec 1999-2001
Transfer of a Lamp making Department from the Hillsboro N.H. facility to Nove Zamky Slovakia. Engineered the successful transfer of 4 manufacturing lines from the Hillsboro facility to Eastern Europe. Two year effort traveling abroad collaborating with European counterparts. Really cool!

Maintenance Foreman May 1995-Nov 1999
S-8 manufacturing area- Responsibilities were overseeing all maintenance and continuous improvement activities to revive 4 manufacturing lines. Developed PM database and PM schedules, performed all PM, managed spare parts and reqs .Managed 6 direct reports.

Equipment Specialist March 1988 –April 1995

Machine Builder April 1986-April 1988

Shop Foreman Concise Industries 1981-1986

Aircraft Maintenance Specialist USAF

References:
Patrick Ryan- President TPI Keene NH
Dave Byers-Engineering Manager Osram Sylvania 1-603-***-****
Tim Quinlan-Industrial Engineer Osram Sylvania 1-603-***-****
Greg Bibbo- Manufacturing Superintendent Osram Sylvania 1-603-***-****

Contact this candidate
