
David B. McMillon
***** *** ******
Cleveland, Ohio 44120
216-***-****

CAREER SUMMARY: Organized, efficient professional with over ten years of precision machine craftsmanship experience with leading ISO 9001 manufacturers,
seeking a position that will utilize my proven ability to manage, operate, assemble
and produce quality products. Capable team player with leadership skills who
understands and respects the concerns of co-workers.

EMPLOYMENT
HISTORY:

Evencut Abrasives 3/12 to Present
Operate manual ;athe, operate pattern cutter,
Material handler, sorter, assembley, packing.
Knife sharpener, topo brush maker.

Enersys, Lakewood Ohio 10/2011-1/2012
Material handler
Used forklift to load and unload supplies for stockroom
and for production departments. Licensed by company to
forklift by independent outside company. Used overhead
crane to package industrial forklift chargers, used Microsoft
software for shipping and receiving.

Artisan Industries, Cuyahoga Hts, Ohio 9/2009-10/2011
Press Operator
Operated 50 to 150 ton presses, loaded coils to feeder
and inspected parts according to blueprints using calipers
and micrometers and comparators, height gages, go and no
gages. Operated over head crane and forklifts.

Hunter Engineered Technologies, Solon, Ohio 4/2010-7/2010
Assembler
Assembled industrial heaters and air conditioners, organized
all parts needed to build each unit, used rivet guns, air tools
and torque wrenches to assemble units as well operated fork
lift and overhead crane.

Fives North American Mfg., Cleveland, Ohio 2005-2009
Machinist
Shear operator, press set-up and operator of Wysong and
Cincinnati presses with long and short runs, inventory
control, layout and machine maintenance. Fork lift operator
certification. Over head crane operator.

Kendale Industries, Valley View, Ohio 2002-2005
Machinist
Set-up and operated Minster presses with long and short
production runs of automotive hardware. Inspected parts
according to prints and spc control system. Used overhead
crane to load and unload raw material for production.
Certified forklift operator.

North American Mfg., Cleveland, Ohio 1998-2002
Machinist
Shear operator, press set-up and operate. Part inspection
of laser burner parts according to blue print specification.
Crane operator and forklift operator.

Cleveland Hardware & Forge, Cleveland, Ohio 1997-1998
Floater-Assembly-Set-up-Production worker
Set-up and operated studweld and projection weld machine.
Operated 50 to 100 ton punch presses
Operated automatic polisher
Assembler various types of locks for trucks and buses
Forklift and crane operator.

Kerr Lakeside Inc., Euclid, Ohio 1997
Machinist
Set-up roll thread machine for light re-roll threading
Used caliper and micrometers to inspect thread lengths
and thickness of material and threads. Recorded data on
Spc charts every half hour. Forklift operator.

All Ohio Threaded Rod, Cleveland, Ohio 1995-1997
Machinist
Set-up and operated cut thread machine
Set-up and operated shear
Inventory of raw bar stock material daily
Used micrometers and calipers to check tolerances and
thread lengths. Produced customized orders per customer.
Forklift operator and crane operator.
Reference available upon request

Contact this candidate
