
RUSSELL DENNIS GAGNON
Mechanicsville, MD *****

Veterans Preference: USMC Veteran Current Security Clearance: Secret
Cell Phone #240-***-**** Email: ac8249@r.postjobfree.com

CORE QUALIFICATIONS:

Mature CAD Mechanical draftsman with experience with a very strong background and knowledge of 3D Mechanical CAD Modeling Software.
40 Years’ Experience
Skilled proficiently working with CREO v. 4 and Wind-chill
Proficient with 3D Inventor/AutoCAD Mechanical Modeling and Electrical Cable Software V. 2014
Knowledgeable with Solid Works CAD Software v. 2012.
Extremely proficient with the latest ANSI Y14 standards
Extremely proficient with the latest GD&T (GEOMETRIC DIMENSIONING & TOLERANCING)
Extremely proficient with MS Excel.
Proficient with MS Word & Outlook.
Knowledgeable with Power Point, Access.
Conscientious of deadlines and job schedules to meet requested delivery requirements

WORK EXPERIENCE:

Contract Position
04/2018 to EPS CORP., Lexington park, MD
Present TECHNICAL DATA PACKAGE (TDP) ANALYST LOGISTICS SPECIALIST
Insure all drawings conform to government standards.
Currently enrolled at Defense Acquisition University (DAU)

Temp. Position
09/2017 to ROCKWELL COLLINS, Sterling, VA
04/2018 Senior Checker Position
Mechanical and schematics for Engineering team for US Air force
Specialize in checking drawings for cables and manufactured components and convert the design assembly drawings for accuracy on all assembled jobs.

07/2015 to PAE INC., Lexington Park, MD
09/2017 Senior Draftsman/CAD Specialist/Operator, Checker
Provide modeling and drafting support using computer-aided design software and schematics for Engineering team on Navy aircraft modifications, using CREO V. 4.0
Specialize in checking drawings for cables and manufactured components and convert the design assembly drawings for accuracy on all assembled jobs.

10/2013 to HONEYWELL, Columbia, MD
07/2015 Senior Draftsman/CAD Specialist/Checker
Electrical drawings for cabling of components in AUTOCAD v.2012.
To provide modeling and drafting support for the Engineering team using Inventor v. 2012
Checking drawings for cables and manufactured components for accuracy on various jobs.

07/2012 to KRATOS DEFENSE ENGINEERING SOLUTIONS, King George, VA
02/2013 Senior Draftsman/CAD Specialist
Knowledgeable with Solid Works CAD Software and Inventor/AutoCAD v. 2012.
Current with the latest technology and technical security capabilities, research development in the design field, procurement, and installation of equipment for technical security and information systems.
Logically and objectively analyze problems, assess solutions, change priorities, and meet tight deadlines. Interpret and create electrical schematics drawings.
Research and develop present technical findings in a clear and concise manner to personnel to meet customer specifications.
Provided modeling and drafting support for the Dahlgren Base Engineering team, for on board weaponry, including
Modeled electrical components in Solid Works v.2012.
Checked drawings for accuracy on various jobs; test fixture weld meant, structure foundation weld meant for support structure.
Completed drawings for:
oConsole component assembly
oChilled water piping system
oMounting rack drawings
oComponent cables to be used on various naval vessels.
o

08/1999 to COMPASS SYSTEMS INC., Great Mills, MD
01/2012 Senior Draftsman/Checker
Proficient with the use of 3D Inventor/AutoCAD Mechanical Modeling and Electrical Cable Software version 2011 and 2012. Experience with the latest version of Solid works CAD Software
Manage the design and checking of numerous Secret Research and Development Projects – personally responsible for the sole draftsman workmanship of the assigned requirements to meet daily schedules
Detailed Mechanical CAD Models and electrical/electronic drawings
Completing hundreds of drawings, associated auxiliary views for clarification of project developed modeled part designs
Detailed assembly drawings with associated auxiliary views, isometric views and associated assemblies required for clarification
Maintained support of documentation for the life cycle of the component assembly customers.
Worked extended hours at times (40+ hours) on numerous occasions to maintain and update the ever changing required Compiling the completion of TDP (Technical Data Package) Manuals for the different project products for our specifications to meet the customer’s requirements.

04/1994 to BERETTA USA CORPORATION, Accokeek, Maryland
06/1999 Mechanical Tool Design/Checker
Developed a variety of designs using IBM CAD Software and Uni-Graphics Software
Designing and checking job ranges from Gauging, EDM, Milling, Drilling Fixtures and Comparator Charts
Developed an EXCEL spreadsheet file to help maintain and track new jobs and changes for revision levels for completion deadline

02/1993 to DYNAMIC METAL PRODUCT COMPANY INCORPORATED, Manchester, Connecticut
04/1994 Mechanical Tool Designer/Checker
Design projects using CADKEY Software and board work
Designing and checking of drawings ranging from Gauging EDM, Milling, Drilling Fixtures and Comparator Charts

07/1991 to READ ENGINEERING, Canton, Connecticut
02/1993 Mechanical Tool Designer/Checker/Jobber
Named Acting Engineer Manager for contracting and outside assignments, quality of work and timely deliveries to outside vendors, using AutoCAD Software Version 10/11/12 and board work. Overseeing and managing all work completed by (6) coworkers before distribution
Group Leader and Checker responsible for design projects as few as 5 to 10 design projects and as many as 50 or more design projects on a daily basis
Developed a new large complex machine glass forming concept, requiring the use of ISO geometric tolerance, by working closely with an Emhart Glass Corp. mechanical project engineer for six months

TURBO PRODUCTS, Ivoryton, Connecticut
Mechanical Tool Design (7 – month temp position)
Responsible for completing 200 to 400 hours of drafting design projects

03/1991 to PORTER IN CHESTER INSTITUTE, Enfield, Connecticut
08/1992 Instructor
Instructor for classes in mechanical design drafting, utilizing CAD and board work

06/1990 to APEX, Farmington, Connecticut
07/1991 Mechanical Tool Designer/Checker
Draftsman for a variety of job designs using CAD and board work
Designs range from Gauging, Milling, Drill Fixtures and Injection Molding designs for product construction
Coordinated detail and assembly drawing packages generated by in-house drafting personnel and vendor-generated detail packages

05/1989 to MARLIN FIREARMS, North Haven, Connecticut
06/1990 Mechanical Tool Designer/Checker
Investigating, redesigning and altering fixtures to increase production and accuracy of parts manufactured
Designed a hydraulic press machine, to press fit and set the barrel, receiver, and maintain proper cartage chamber tolerances, drilling through the barrel, receiver and pin the sub assembly in one over all operation
Removing the need of three prior operations, fixtures and man hours of machine setups; saving the company thousands of dollars on manufacturing and labor costs

04/1985 to DECO COMPANY, Collinsville, Connecticut
05/1989 Mechanical Tool Designer
Draftsman for individual projects on a timely basis for mechanical designs; primarily Pratt & Whitney Aircraft Company
Designing of various Gauging, Milling, Drilling, Broaching, Grinding, Welding, and VTL Bullard Lathes

03/1983 to GROS-ITE INDUSTRIES, Farmington, Connecticut
04/1985 Mechanical Tool Designer
Draftsman for mechanical designs providing assistance to coworkers on drafting projects
Assigned as Company Representative for retrieval and delivery of job packages to Pratt & Whitney

06/1977 to PRATT & WHITNEY AIRCRAFT CORPORATION, Southington, Connecticut
03/1983 Machinist/Draftsman
Draftsman for detailing, illustrating and poster work for aircraft engines from 1979 to 1983
Machinist working on various machining operations on the VTL Bullard Lathe, ranging from raw forgings to highly critical and sensitive precision finishing operations from 1977 to 1979

REFERENCES: Available upon request.

Contact this candidate
