
Igor Finkelzon

** ****** *****
North York
Ontario, M2H 2X3
416-***-****
ac82zb@r.postjobfree.com

Objective:
To secure a progressive position for the following occupation
CNC Programmer / Set-up Person / Operator
Highlights:
Over 20 years experience in operating and setting-up CNC machines
Strong knowledge of Tool and Die making
Excellent orientation in mechanical blueprints
Highly skilled in Master Cam 9-3D programming
Ability to set and operate CNC Machines with matching techniques for high strength materials
Analytical, detailed oriented team player with excellent communications skills

Work Experience:
CNC Programmer, Set up Person, Operator 2016- present
MBN Automation Ltd., Concord, Ontario

Setting die elements up and making fixtures
Create CNC programs and tooling set-ups from start to finish using Master Cam X3.
Use precision measuring devices and work close to tolerances from drawings and specs
Used CNC Vertical Mill (CINCINNATI Control) and Conventional Lathe and Mill machinery, drill press.

CNC Programmer, Set up Person, Operator 2013- 2016
G.R.P. Machine Tools Inc., Toronto, Ontario

Making fixtures for mass production jobs and setting parts up.
Create CNC programs and tooling set-ups from start to finish using Master Cam 9 and Master Cam X3.
Use precision measuring devices and work close to tolerances from drawings and specs
Used CNC Vertical Mill (Spinner) and Lathe – SIEMENS Control and Conventional Lathe and Mill machinery, drill press.

CNC Programmer, Set up Person, Operator 2011- 2013
A-Line/ Muru Aerospace Machining, Toronto, Ontario

Setting aerospace elements up.
Create CNC programs and tooling set-ups from start to finish using Master Cam 9 and Master Cam X5.
Use precision measuring devices and work close to tolerances from drawings and specs
Used CNC Vertical Mill and Lathe – HAAS Control and Conventional Lathe and Mill machinery, drill press, grinder

CNC Programmer, Set up Person, Operator 1998- 2011
Woodbine Tool & Die, Markham, Ontario

Setting die elements up.
Create CNC programs and tooling set-ups from start to finish using Master Cam 9.
Use precision measuring devices and work close to tolerances from drawings and specs
Used CNC Vertical Mill – Heidenhain Control

CNC Operator, Set up Person 1997-1998
Dietron Tool & Die, Scarborough, Ontario

Setting parts up.
Making CNC programs from blueprints, measuring, making up tools and working close to tolerances
Used CNC Okuma Vertical Mill-Fanuc Control

CNC Operator 1996-1997
Corma Inc., Concord, Ontario
Setting parts up.
Measuring, making up tools, clamps & fixtures-conventional lathe & mill, drill press, grinder
Using CNC Dixon Double Head Gun Drill-Mitsubishi Control, CNC Horizontal and Vertical Mill – Heidenhain & Fanuc Control

CNC Operator & General Machinist 1990-1994
Kishinev Tractor Inc., Moldova

Setting parts up.
Measuring, making up tools for tractors.
Work close to tolerances from drawings
Using CNC Vertical -Fanuc Control, Conventional Lathe & Mill, drill press, grinder

Education:

Certificate of Completion Lathe Design and Toolpath X6 2012-2013
CNC Software Inc., Mastercam University, Toronto, Ontario

Certificate of Achievement/Numerical Control-Programmer 1994-1996
Humber College, Toronto, Ontario

CNC Operator/ Programmer Diploma 1988-1990
Kishinev Polytechnic Institute, Kishinev, Moldova

Mechanical Draftsmen Diploma 1986-1988
Professional Learning Center, Kishinev, Moldova

Reference: Available upon request

Contact this candidate
