
Charles
“David” Wagoner
**** ** *** **

Bentonville, AR
479-***-**** personal
ac83fv@r.postjobfree.com
Objective
Construction Manager/Project Manager

Employment History
Project Manager/Estimator
February 2019 to Present Boulder Construction.
Locating and putting out bid packages to subcontractors.
Material take offs.
Material pricing.
Putting contracts together.
Managing budgets and pay applications.
Putting contracts together.
Communication with the client, architects and engineers.
Working with local and state jurisdictions.
Securing permits.
Submitting RFI’s.
Securing material deliveries.
Building and managing schedules.
Quality control.

Project Manager
August 2017 to November 2018 Kleenco Maintenance and Construction. Project Manager.
Developing Kleenco into the Walmart remodel, New Store and Special Project Program.
Managing superintendents on multiple projects.
Training superintendents.
Working with estimating during the bid process and locating sub-contractors.
Managing budgets and pay applications.
Putting contracts together.
Communication with the client, architects and engineers.
Working with local and state jurisdictions.
Securing permits.
Submitting RFI’s.
Securing material deliveries.
Building and managing schedules.
Quality control.
April 2007 to October 2016. Walmart Stores, Inc. Bentonville, AR
Manage Remodel Projects, Special Projects and New Stores by building and maintaining the construction schedule. Working with the active (open) store when building the schedule, looking for and developing temporary construction solutions. Keeping the impacted areas selling products. On the new stores working with the AOR’s, Civil Engineers, General Contractors and local Jurisdictions to ensure project completion on time.
Develop new and poor performing General Contractors and Build Team Relationships, With General contractors, Store Planners, Mechanical Services and Store / Club Operations.
Develop phasing and time lines for special construction projects, Sam’s Club remodels and take over stores
Manage SWPPP (storm water), Compliance, Haz-mat, and Safety.
Manage the construction budget, evaluate, negotiate and approve change orders as well as authorize pay applications.

Owner
September 1985 to March 2007 Wagoner Masonry, Rogers, AR
Concrete and Masonry construction.
Managed up to 15 employees.
Scheduling projects, Material take offs and Estimating.
Invoicing and Payroll up to $20,000 a week.

Co-Owner
June 2005 to March 2007 Streamline Staking, Rogers, AR
Laying out foundations for buildings
Operating Auto-Cad and a Trimble 500 Robotics
Scheduling and Invoicing

Mason
1983 to 1985 Murphy Masonry, Centerton, AR
Stone and Block Mason
Concrete Finisher

Education

August 1976 thru May 1979 Nathan Hale High School, Tulsa, OK
Diploma
Student Athlete, Vocational Club

Other Experience

Commercial Pilot, Class A Machinist and Code Welder.
Speak Spanish 30hr OSHA.

References:

On request.

Contact this candidate
