
Plano, Tx
Rohail Gill
469-***-****

ac8695@r.postjobfree.com
Mechanical Engineer
Summary

Highly motivated Mechanical Engineer with creative thinking, problem-solving and result focused. Hands on experience in CREO PARAMETRIC,SOLIDWORKS, AutoCAD, Revit, and other engineering tools to solve problems and add value to the team.

Core Skills

Product Design, Analysis, Manufacturing & Test
Prototype / Hardware Fabrication
Mechanical and Electrical Integration
Geometric Dimensioning & Tolerancing
Finite Element Analysis/Ansys
Drawing Revision
Project management, Planning & Scheduling
Progress monitoring & Project reporting
Analytical, Numerical & Presentations skill
Teamworking, Oral & Written communications
Software
PRO/E CREO, SolidWorks, ABAQUS, CATIA V5
FreeCAD, AutoCAD, Solid Edge, REVIT

MATLAB, LabView, C, C++, C#, Java
Microsoft Office
Education
B.S. Mechanical Engineering
University of Texas at Dallas, U.S.A.

December 2018
Work History

Mechanical Engineer
Armored Fitness Equipment
Jan 2018 – July 2018
Product Development of Adjustable Jerk Block
Perform a full lifecycle product development (design, develop, test prototypes, manufacture and implement).
Used Finite Element Analysis (FEA) to reduce the number of physical prototypes and optimize components in the design phase to develop a safe product.
Generated Bill of Materials (B.O.M) and Engineering Drawings.
Produced the project schedule and coordinated all project activities
Worked extensively with Vendors and Machinist until fabricated products met our standards & requirements.
Assembled the fabricated parts by following created Manufacturing Instructions.
Carefully designed test cases to assure a safe product that meets ASME standard
Handled the procurement forms for placing orders.
Assisted in preparing the presentations to show the projected product lifecycle, product stress points and product capabilities.
Mechanical Engineer University of Texas at Dallas Jan 2018 – July 2018

Parabolic Leaf Spring optimization
Researched various material’s tension, compression and bending to measure mechanical properties.
Used SolidWorks to create a Parabolic Leaf Spring model.
Optimized the design using ABAQUS.
Made justification of material selection, including how it is processed and the properties.
Optimized it using Taylor series and MATLAB and compared the values with ABAQUS values to see which optimization is more accurate.
Evaluate the final product’s overall performance, reliability, and safety
Prepare product reports and documentation
Used Microsoft PP, Word, Project and Visio to create, organize, analyze and present data, analysis and recommendations

Design Engineer

University of Texas at Dallas

Feb 2017 – May 2018

Effects on lift and drag coefficient of an air foil in a wind tunnel
Designed and 3D printed various airplane fins
Utilized ABAQUS to perform aerodynamic analysis later compared with the analytical results.
Used a wind tunnel to perform aerodynamic analysis on an air foil with and without the fins attached to it
Performed analytical calculations on the lift and drag coefficient on the different types of air fins
Results were documented and presented to the supervisors

Extracurricular Activities
American Society of Mechanical Engineers, Richardson, TX

Phi Kappa Theta, Richardson, TX

Contact this candidate
