
ROBERT Donel
**** ****** **- 317-***-**** ~ ac87ti@r.postjobfree.com
Experienced HVAC Technician
Professional Profile
Experienced HVAC and Maintenance Technician with 15+ years of mechanical reasoning and growth in the industry. Possess high aptitude in plumbing and electrical applications. Skilled with documenting and keeping accurate electronic records. Practically applying abilities and transferable skills from residential to commercial, as well as from small motors to heavy equipment.
Key Qualifications
HVAC Air Driers Welding &Brazing
Boilers Cooling Towers & Ice Machines Wiring &Electronics Chillers Blower Motors & Exhaust Systems Hydraulics &Pneumatics Package Units Pipe Fitting RO Systems
Work History
Cintas2012-2016
Maintenance Mechanic
Perform repair and serviceon commercial laundryequipment including conveyor system, pressequipment, waste watersystems, and steam boilers. IUPUI 2009- 2012
HVACTECHNICIAN
Perform service and repair on kitchen, laundryand HVACequipment Implemented SixSigmaandLeanManagement programs
Monitor Siemens and Honeywell integrated buildingcontrol program for HVAC equipment
Sensient Flavors 10/2006 -7/2009
HVAC Technician Indianapolis, IN
Performserviceandrepaironboiler,chillers, packageunits,air driers, cooling towers, blower motors, exhaust systems ice machines ROsystems, hotwaterheaters. Develop failure mode and effect analysis on all HVAC equipment and developed PM schedules and spare parts fromthatanalysis.
Repair air, water and hydraulic lines.
Clean drain lines, Installed electrical devices, replaced light ballast. Monitor Teletrol Building Automated HVAC system.
Monitor and testedfire system devices.
AK Steel 01/2005-5/2006
Overhead Crane Leader Middletown, OH
Assemble parts to fabricate and repair machine tools and maintain industrial machines, applying knowledgeofmechanics,shop mathematics, metal properties, layout and machining procedures. Laid out metal stock and work pieces, such as castings, plates, and machineparts,to indicate location, dimensions and tolerances necessaryforfurther processing. Lift and position work piece in relation to surface plate, manually and with hoist, using shims, parallel blocks and angleplates.
Maintain safe work environment through compliance with OSHACertification standards. Verify position with measuring instruments, such as gaugeblocks,height gauges and dial indicators. Inspect machined parts to verify conformance to specifications. Dismantlemachineandequipmentwithhandtools and power tools to examinepartsfordefect. Replacedefectivepartsandrepairedandreproducedpartfromvariouskindsofmetalstock,using hand tools.
Assemble and test-operated machines to verify correction of malfunction. Wishard Hospital 01/1999-01/2005
Refrigeration Mechanic Indianapolis, IN
PerformserviceandrepaironboilerschillersandotherHVACequipment. Repair ice machines air compressors circulating pumpscoolingtowers, hotwater boilers. Help prepare facility for OSHA and Joint commission on Health care accreditation by assuringthat all logs and documentswere up to date and available for inspection. Mechanic Specialist
Performpreventativemaintenanceonotherbuildingequipment. Cleaned drain lines.
Preformed carpentry repair.
Assemble, install or repair wiring, electrical and electronic components, pipe systems, plumbing, machinery, and equipment.
Trotter Construction 02/1997- 01/1999
Laborer Indianapolis, In.
Install sewer and water lines as well as sleeve sewer lines for downtown area. Enter sewer system to apply Strongseal to interior surface of concrete and terra cotta pipe. Extensive concrete finish work to install sidewalks for downtown area. Education
IvyTech State College Courseworkin BusinessManagement Military History
U. S.Navy Honorable Discharge
Air conditioning and Refrigeration class C School
Air conditioning and refrigeration service and repair Machinist Mate Class A School
Propulsion Engineering
Fire Fighting
Accreditations and Certifications
Universal HVACIndianapolis, IN
Spreadsheet Certifications Indianapolis, IN
36 Hour OSHATraining Middletown Ohio
Community Involvement
VAHospital Volunteer
Visit patients, passing out reading materials and offering clerical support. Community High School Security Dad
Monitor Halls to mentor to students.
O K Program (Sponsoredby IMPD) Team Mate
Assist at risk young men to teach coping and life skills.

Contact this candidate
