
John Yeazel
Grand Rapids, MI
ac88tc@r.postjobfree.com
616-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
A CNC machinist and manufacturing worker with more than 20 years of experience working in manufacturing environments- consistently demonstrates a strong work ethic, extensive CNC knowledge with experience and a team focused approach.
Comprehensive understanding of the manufacturing process including CNC, production, quality control and product distribution.
Seeking to cultivate a professional attitude and characteristics among his peers, i.e., dedicated to maintaining company policies while delivering high quality customer service.

PROFESSIONAL STRENGTHS:
CNC machinist
CNC program editing
Experience with Haas, Mori Seiki, Okuma, Mazak, Hitachi, Puma (and others)
Experience with G and M Codes- took classes to learn programming- finished machine tool engineering Associates Degree
Experience with Milling and Lathing on both CNC and manual equipment
Tolerances down to .0001 (very small tolerances- knowledge and experience)
Can read most blueprints
Experience with a variety of measuring devices including calipers, micrometers and ID measuring instruments

WORK EXPERIENCE:
CNC Machinist
Lakeshore Fittings, Grand Haven, MI 07/2017 – 01/2018
Set-up and operated CNC lathes. Received programming and set-up training in lathe department.
Edited programs, set-up tooling and adjusted programs to meet blueprint and control plan specs.
Used mics, calipers and depth gauges (along with tech support measuring devices) to make sure good parts were made to tolerances.
<Resigned due to medical reasons that are now no longer an issue>

CNC Machinist
Engine Power Components, Grand Haven, MI 09/2016 – 07/2017
Set-up and operated CNC lathes and mills.
Received programming and set-up training in lathe and mill departments.
Edited programs, set-up tooling and adjusted programs to meet blueprint and control plan specs.
Used mics, calipers and depth gauges (along with tech support measuring devices) to make sure good parts were made.
<Resigned for a better opportunity with better pay>

Construction Worker
Tennessee and North Carolina 05/2016 – 09/2016
Worked a construction position while searching for employment as a CNC Machinist.
<Moved to Grand Haven, MI to be closer to friend and family>
College Student
Northeast State Technical College, Blountville, TN 08/2014 – 05/2016
Full time student.
<Graduated May of 2016 with an Associate’s Degree in Machine Tool Engineering>

CNC Machinist
Universal Machine Tool, Kingsport, TN 05/2015 – 08/2015
Set up, operated, changed tooling, performed offsets, edited programs and made some simple programs.
Measured quality control standards with various measuring equipment.
Equipment used: Mazak CNC lathes with Mazatrol programming language and South Bend Manual Lathe.
<Summer job only. Went back to Northeast State Technical College to finish Machine Tool Technology Degree>

Construction Worker
North Carolina and Virginia 2012 - 2014
Held various constructions positions – long term and short-term jobs.
<Received a military grant that paid for schooling. Left to attended Northeast State Technical College>
CNC Machinist
Kemper Valve Company, Island Lake, Illinois 2011 - 2012
Set-up, operated, changed tooling, performed offsets, edited programs, measured quality control standards with various measuring instruments and CMM device.
Equipment used: Trevisan Lathes (lots of ID boring) and Haas Mills.
<Relocated to Charleston, NC>

Purchasing. Accounting, Sales and Sales Management, Production Supervisor, Lean Manufacturing Trainer, and CNC Machinist
Frigid Fluid Company, Northlake, Illinois 1988 - 2011
Long-term dedicated employee of family’s business.
Responsible for monthly income statements, balance sheets and cash flow statements from 1994 - 2011.
Performed purchasing duties for metals (castings and bar stock) and chemicals from 1995 - 1998.
Conducted sales duties, sales management, sales analysis and marketing analysis activities from 1988 - 1993.
Supervised a 10-man sales staff and 30 plus distributors from 1994 – 1998.
Managed production for a staff of 15 workers- made production schedules and made sure parts were completed on time, monitored quality control and final product inspection from 1998 – 2011.
oAlso, learned CNC machining during this time.
Experience with the following equipment: Hardinge LC-65 horizontal programmable CNC lathe- Fanuc controls; Hardinge VMC 1000II programmable Vertical Machining Center- Milling operations with Fanuc controls; Okuma horizontal and vertical machining center; Ikegai vertical wheel grinder; Mazak horizontal CNC and Vertical Milling centers; Hitachi CNC lathes, Puma CNC lathes.
<Due to the economic down turn, business was very slow. Left to embrace manufacturing experience in different areas>
Biomedical Repair Technician
Electro Medical Services, Grand Rapids, Michigan 1985 - 1988
Serviced 80 hospitals as a Biomedical Repair Technician.
Repaired and performed preventive maintenance on all types of hospital electronic equipment with a specialty in Intensive Care Unit Monitors and Surgical Equipment.
Reduced customer complaints on equipment and helped increase revenue by expanding equipment repaired and increasing PM contracts of hospitals serviced.
<Resigned. The owners of this company had a falling out so he left to return to his own family’s business>

MILITARY SERVICE:
Electronics Technician
United States Air Force 1981 - 1985
Worked on HF ground radio electronic equipment- set-up, performed PM duties and repaired equipment as necessary.
Technical training and field experience in Ground Radio Electronics; Rank at time of discharge E-5 Staff Sargent; made rank in fastest time possible.

EDUCATION:
Associated Degree, Machine Tool Engineering
Northeast State Technical College, Blountville, TN 05/2016

Completed classes required for Business Management and Accounting Degree
Northwestern Michigan Calvin College, Grand Rapids, MI 1990 - 1994

Associate of Arts and Associate of Science – Degrees towards Nursing
Northwester Michigan College, Traverse City, Michigan 1976 - 1981

Contact this candidate
