
Jerry Thomas
248-***-**** Davisburg, MI
ac89sq@r.postjobfree.com
Manufacturing Manager
Accomplished Manufacturing Manager with experience overseeing operations for machinists, tooling technicians, supervisors, and detail operators. Highly skilled at hiring, training, evaluating, and discharging staff and resolving personnel grievances. Dedicated to identifying sources of product and process variations using root cause analysis and leading measurable improvement efforts through continuous improvement methodologies. Offers experience in Automotive, Aerospace, Mining, Oil and Gas, and Department of Defense industries.
Core Competencies
Lean Manufacturing CMM and M&M Checking Machines SPC Staff Training and Development
P&L Knowledge Product Launches Shipping & Receiving Productivity Fabrication
Workplace Safety Assembly Process Improvement Business Development
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
FL Toolholders 11/2018 to present
Plant Manager
Responsible for Manufacturing, including Production scheduling, Shipping & Receiving, Maintenance and ordering of perishable tooling. Key to our new product launch team. In charge for hiring and the termination of employees. Products include custom tool holder, Gages: Hand held, Air, Electric, Indicator, Functional. Checking Fixtures up to 36”x 48”.

Lapeer Industries 3/2018 – 11/2018
Plant Manager
Managed Machine Shop operations. Including production & machine scheduling. New product launch, Employee grievances. Machine maintenance, Paint department, Shipping. Tier 1 supplier to the Department of Defense, CAT & locomotive industries.
AA Gear & Manufacturing 2016 – 2018
Manufacturing Manager
Oversee production, maintenance, and shipping and receiving of orders totaling $425k weekly. Instrumental in establishing a safety committee with monthly meetings. Serve as the Tier 1 supplier to CAT, Case New Holland, and Ford. Utilize P&L knowledge and responsibilities to carry out daily functions. Lead and direct the hiring of 100 employees and the termination of 50 staff members.
Key Accomplishments:
Increased productivity by 30% by realigning the plant structure.
Realigned the plant allowing operators to run multiple machines to raise throughput and sales by 30% in 2017.
Reduced absenteeism by 40% by implementing an attendance policy comprised of a point per occurrence system to determine consequences for coming in late or not showing at all.
Minimized incidents by making employees area of the injuries and how to prevent them.
Burtek Enterprises Chesterfield, MI 2014 – 2016
Plant Foreman
Managed and directed a team of 70 welders, 30 assemblers, 15 machine shop crew, six shipping personnel, and five maintenance team members. Served as a Tier 1 supplier to Aerospace and the Department of Defense. Implemented a training program to monitor the progress of employee development.
Key Accomplishments:
Improved throughput by rearranging and moving the equipment to different areas of the shop.
Enhanced workplace safety by 50% through the development of a safety committee.
DPM Manufacturing Wixom, MI 2013 – 2014
Plant Manager / Machine Processing Manager / Quality Manager
Mentored and directed 18 team members within the shop. Approved or rejected pieces during first layouts. Secured PPAP approval.
Key Accomplishments:
Eliminated process that were previously used by combining processes to improve efficiency.
Paramount Precision Products Oak Park, MI 2008 – 2013
Plant Manager
Managed three production shifts comprised of 135 employees. Created and implemented an advanced training program promoting consistency and providing a better way to track employee advancement. Conducted Environmental Awareness Programs to ensure compliance with all state and federal laws. Served as a Tier 1 supplier for the Automotive and Oil & Gas industries.
Key Accomplishments:
Maximized throughput within the Helium Hydrostatic Department by designing an adaptor plate so two parts can be tested at once.
Implemented a production schedule and daily report to determine if operators were hitting their goals.
Grew from $7M in sales to $31M by taking on a driveling product line.
Avon Gear Company Rochester Hills, MI 1993 – 2008
General Foreman
Led and directed three production shifts comprised of 150 employees. Functioned as the Tier 1 supplier for CAT and Allison. Oversaw and resolved employee grievances promptly. Ensured ample supplies were readily available by processing orders for tools and supplies.
Key Accomplishments:
Slashed perishable tooling costs by 30% within the first two years through tool studies, price comparisons, and buying larger volumes.
Maintained perishable tooling cost reductions of 7% annually while increasing the number of machines by 33% by constantly remaining abreast of the latest tooling available.

Additional Work Experience: Second Shift Supervisor / Machinist (Avon Gear Company), Machinist (Arrow Racing Engines), Machinist (Advanced Tooling, Inc.)
EDUCATION AND TRAINING
Associate of Business Management Coursework,
Oakland Community College, Auburn Hills, MI

Contact this candidate
