
Lester Roberts
Machinist - Fischer Tool and Die
Manchester, TN 37355
ac89sp@r.postjobfree.com
931-***-****
Self-motivated Machinist with 18 years experience in operating and manufacturing precision tools. Determined to produce and repair all mechanical equipment with precision and keen attention to detail. Outstanding leaderwith integrity and talent for motivating and helping teams achieve goals and objectives Work Experience
Machinist
FISCHER TOOL & DIE - Manchester, TN
February 2018 to Present
Programmer and tool and die maker
Mold Technician
Century Mold Co., Inc - Shelbyville, TN
May 2017 to February 2018
Preform preventive maintenance on all injection mould machines Install, replace, or change machine parts and attachments, accordingly ing to production specifications. Set up and operate conventional or computer numerically controlled machine tools such as lathes, milling machines, and grinders to cut, bore, grind, or otherwise shape parts to prescribed dimensions and finishes.
Study blueprints, sketches, models, or specifications to plan sequences of operations for fabricating tools, dies, or assemblies.
Fit and assemble parts to make, repair, or modify dies, jigs, gauges, and tools, using machine tools and hand tools.
Conduct test runs with completed tools or dies to ensure that parts meet specifications, making adjustments as necessary.
File, grind, shim, and adjust different parts to properly fit them together. Weld separately or in combination, using aluminum, stainless steel, cast iron, and other alloys. Machinist
UTC Aerospace Systems - Tullahoma, TN
2009 to April 2017
ISO 9001 certified, Safe Start certified, Ceritified Operator. Able to meet and exseed Aerospace requirments in blueprint reading, CNC lathes, CNC milling machines, Four axis Mazk milling centers. Including hand finishing parts to meet surface requirments, radius', perpendicularity. Set up, adjust, or operate basic or specialized machine tools used to perform precision machining operations.
Set up, adjust, or operate basic or specialized machine tools used to perform precision machining operations.
Machine parts to specifications, using machine tools, such as lathes, milling machines, shapers, or grinders.
Study blueprints, drawings, or engineering information to determine methods or sequences of operations needed to fabricate products.
Machinist
UTI Engineering - Estill Springs, TN
May 2005 to March 2009
Measure dimensions of finished workpieces to ensure conformance to specifications, using precision measuring instruments, templates, and
fixtures.
Mount, install, align, and secure tools, attachments, fixtures, and workpieces on machines, using hand tools and precision measuring instruments.
Review program specifications or blueprints to determine and set machine operations and sequencing, finished workpiece dimensions, or numerical control sequences.
Forklift orperator licensed
Die Technician
M-tek - Manchester, TN
January 1999 to May 2005
Preform preventive maintenance on all injection mould machines Install, replace, or change machine parts and attachments, accordingly ing to production specifications.
Set up and operate conventional or computer numerically controlled machine tools such as lathes, milling machines, and grinders to cut, bore, grind, or otherwise shape parts to prescribed dimensions and finishes.
Study blueprints, sketches, models, or specifications to plan sequences of operations for fabricating tools, dies, or assemblies.
Fit and assemble parts to make, repair, or modify dies, jigs, gauges, and tools, using machine tools and hand tools.
Conduct test runs with completed tools or dies to ensure that parts meet specifications, making adjustments as necessary.
File, grind, shim, and adjust different parts to properly fit them together. Weld separately or in combination, using aluminum, stainless steel, cast iron, and other alloys. Sales Representative / Contractor
Self Employed - Panama City, FL
July 1982 to December 1998
Sold replacement windows, vinyl siding, and garages Managed work crews
Education
Bachelor of Arts in Bible and Theology
Global University - Springfield, MO
2016 to Present
Vocational in Machine Tool Technology
Tennessee Vocational Training - McMinnville, TN
February 1993
Skills
FAST LEARNER
Groups
Freemasonry
March 2009 to Present
Additional Information
Skills
People person, good leader, pays
attention to details, fast learner,
honest, mechanical minded

Contact this candidate
