
Reynaldo S. Limjuico Jr.
*th. Street Hi-way Homes Subdivision Platero Binan City Laguna
Mobile No: 091******** / 093********
Email address: ac8b48@r.postjobfree.com

EMPLOYMENT BACKGROUND

Aug 28,2018 – Present Yutaka Manufacturing Philippines Incorporation

Company description: Muffler Manufacture of Honda Cars, Honda Motorcycle,
Kawasaki Motorcycle and Suzuki Motorcycle.

Position: Machinist

Key responsibility:

Set up operate conventional and computer numeric control machine tool such us lathe machine, milling machine, grinding machine, shearing machine, press machine and MIG welding, TIG welding.
Fabricate jigs, fixtures and die parts for existing and new product model.
Fit and assemble parts to make repair or modify dies and jigs, gauges and tools using machine tools and hand tools.
Conduct test runs with completed tool and dies to ensure that parts meet specification, and make adjustment if necessary.

Sept 20, 2010 – June 11, 2018 Qatar Electricity and Water Company
Ras Abu Funtas, Al Wakrah, Qatar

Position: Machinist Fitter

Company description: Water Desalination and Power Plant

Key responsibility:

Operation of conventional machine such as lathe machine horizontal and vertical, shaper machine horizontal and vertical, milling machine, band saw, power saw, surface grinder, drill press, radial drilling machine, hydraulic press machine, power & hand tools, shielded metal arc welding machine and gas metal arc welding machine.
Monitor the feed and speed of machines during the machining process.
Align and secure holding fixtures, cutting tools, attachments, accessories, and materials onto machines and monitor the feed and speed of machines during the machining process.
Determine product dimensions and tolerances as per sample.
Use measuring instrument such as calipers, micrometers, depth gauges, bore gauge, indicators. height gauge.
Lay out, measure, and mark metal stock in order to display placement of cuts.
Fabricate mechanical parts as per required from mechanical drawing specification and tolerance.
Fabricated part meets the requirements of maintenance section is carried out in accordance with the standard, safety procedures and plant operation.

June 13, 2000 - Sept 17, 2010 Daiwa Seiko Philippines Corporation
Lots 8 & 9, Block 5, Star Avenue
Laguna International Industrial Park.
Mamplasan, Biñan City,Laguna. Philippines

Company description: Automotive Manufacturing Company

Position: CNC Machinist

Key responsibility:

Operation knowledge of conventional / manual machine such as milling machine, machining center, lathe numeric control machine and drilling press machine, universal grinding machine, universal milling machine, shielded metal arc welding machine, cylindrical grinding machine, surface grinding machine, power and hand tools.
Select the appropriate tools, machines, and required type of materials to be use.
Fabricate jig, fixture and other consumable jigs and machine parts.
Read and interpret engineering drawing and specifications.
Use measuring instrument such as calipers, micrometers, depth gauges, bore gauge, indicators. height gauge.
Determine product dimensions and tolerances as per sample.
Regrind form cutter, side cutter, end mill, drill and base plate for center less grinder.
Lay out, measure, and mark metal stock in order to display placement of cuts
Align and secure holding fixtures, cutting tools, attachments, accessories, and materials onto machines.

EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND

Tertiary:
University of Perpetual Help
Sto Nino Biñan City, Laguna, Philippines
Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering
(Undergraduate 4th year)

Secondary: Colegio de Sta. Catalina de Sena
San Antonio Biñan City, Laguna, Philippines

Vocational: National Certificate in Machining
Technical Education and Skill Development Authority
San Antonio Biñan City, Laguna, Philippines

TRAINING/SEMINARS ATTENDED

Basic Training on Personal Survival Renaissance Training Center
Techniques, Elementary of first aid and, Manila, Philippines
Personal safety and social responsibility
June 27 to July 5, 2018.

Basic Occupational Safety & Health Guest Palace Hotel
(Construction Industry)Topic: Rigging Doha, Qatar
& Lifting,Signage's & Barricade,Incident
Investigation, Job Hazard Analysis,Site
Safety Programming, Plant Equipment&
Machinery.
April 20, 2012

Basic Occupational Safety & Health Guest Palace Hotel
(Construction Safety) Topic: Basic Doha, Qatar
Electrical Safety, Confined Space Entry,
Material Handling, Fire Safety &Prevention,
Welding & Cutting, Tools- Hand & Power.
Mar 23,2012

Basic Occupational Safety & Health Guest Palace Hotel
(Construction Industry)Topic: Introduction Doha, Qatar
to OSH, Fall Protection & Prevention,
Scaffolding & Ladder Safety, Excavation
Safety, Personal Protective Equipment,
& Machine Garding.
Mar 16,2012

Basic Occupational Safety & Health Swiss-belhotel
(Essential to Oil & Gas Industry) Doha, Qatar
Topic: Introduction to Safety in Oil & Gas,
Radiography, Hydro & Pneumatic,
Sand Blasting, Hot Tapping, Confine Space,
Hydrogen Sulfide, Permit to Work.
Feb 10,2012

Machine Tools Technical Skill Seminar Daiwa Seiko Philippines
Nov 9, 2009 LIIP Mamplasan, Biñan City, Laguna

Quality Management System ISO 9001:2000 Daiwa Seiko Philippines
Dec 7, 2007 LIIP Mamplasan, Biñan City, Laguna

Partnership for Quality, Profitability and University of the Philippines
Competitiveness U.P. SOLAIR Diliman, Quezon City
Sept 14-15, 2006

Codes of Mechanical Engineering in the Phil. University of Perpetual Help
Feb 26, 2005 Sto Nino Biñan City, Laguna

Heat, Ventilation and Air-conditioning University of Perpetual Help
Feb 23, 2002 Sto Nino Biñan City, Laguna

Air separation process University of Perpetual Help
Feb 23, 2002 Sto Nino Biñan City, Laguna

Project Planning and Improvement University of Perpetual Help
Feb 19, 2001 Sto Nino Biñan City, Laguna

CHARACTER REFERENCE

Geraldo dela Cruz
Supervisor
Qatar Electricity and Water Company
+974*******

Mr. Jonard Leonardo
Supervisor
Daiwa Seiko Philippines Corporation
+639*********

Contact this candidate
