
April *, ****

Wilton Kevin Bass
*** ****** **
Nelson, VA 24580
Cell: 434-***-****)
Home: 434-***-****)

Subject: Experienced Maintenance Manager

I am looking for a maintenance management position where I can put my management skills and mechanical knowledge to work. I have a proven safety and uptime performance record and welcome a challenge. I understand the value in teamwork and support team development. I started and ran my own contract maintenance business. My customers continually made offers to me to manage their maintenance departments. I accepted a position and therefore closed my business. During the first year as maintenance manager, the plant increased production from an average of 50,000BF a day to an average of 110,000BF a day. The mill is now one of the most productive and efficient sawmills on the east coast. The maintenance department supported the mill improvements with zero recordable accidents. Currently, I am the maintenance supervisor at Arauco Panels in Moncure, NC. Since joining the team, I have helped them to improve the finishing uptime by 20%. What use to be a bottle neck is now a dependable process that could handle 10 to 20% more throughput. I have been commuting to Moncure from my home in Virginia for the past 5 years. I think my long track record of dedication and ability to improve safety, equipment uptime and reliability speak for themselves. Thank you for your time and consideration.

Sincerely,

Kevin Bass

WILTON K BASS
388 Overby Rd
Nelson, VA 24580
home: 434-***-**** cell: 434-***-****

Objective
To find employment in maintenance supervision at a growing manufacturing process. My experience in safety leadership and mechanical troubleshooting in the wood products industry would be an asset to any manufacturing operation.

Employment History

Maintenance Supervisor for Arauco Moncure, NC May 2013 to Present
I am the maintenance supervisor for the finishing department at Arauco's Moncure Medium Density Fiberboard plant (MDF). We use an 8-head sander and 3 saw line / stacking systems to finish HDF, MDF and LDF panels. I have a team of mechanics and electricians that support the day to day operations of the mill. I am in charge of installing all new equipment and maintaining or updating the old. I write and issue work orders for the maintenance staff using SAP. I am also responsible for writing Safe Standard Operating Procedures (SSOP's) and creating a preventive maintenance (PM) schedule for the department. I use CAD to draw blueprints for projects, new equipment and designs.

Maintenance Manager for Morgan Lumber Red Oak, VA June 2008 to June 2011
I managed day and night shift maintenance. I designed a preventative maintenance (PM) schedule for the mill. I supervised the maintenance for the sawmill, planer mill, dry kiln's, shaving mill and mobile equipment. I also managed the parts department. I built and installed new machines. I am experienced in hydraulic systems maintenance and troubleshooting. I set up wood optimizers to get max yield and accuracy. I also set up and aligned band saw machines. I helped to improve from lumber production from 40,000 BF to 120,000 BF a day.

Owner and Manager of Bass Machine and Welding May 2003 to June 2008
I started and ran the company. I had up to five people working for me at any given time. We built new equipment, did complete equipment installation projects and supported manufacturing plants with shut down maintenance work. I had my own crane service. We put up steel buildings from the ground up. We aligned and leveled equipment. I helped get maximum performance and reliability out of equipment by redesign and engineering.

Maintenance Machinist for LP Corp. Roxboro N.C. January 1997 to May 2003
I did all machine work, rebuilt hydraulic pumps and cylinders. I made new parts to help equipment run more efficiently and reliable, I also helped out on breakdowns as needed.

Education and Training
Piedmont Tech, Certificate for Hydraulics & Pneumatics and Business Management
Danville Community College, Associate's Degree in Precision Machine Technology with a Minor in Industrial Engineering

Skills
CMRP Certification
Lean six Sigma
Kazian systems
Team building and engagement
CMMS systems, SAP,MAINSAVER and MAXIMO
Adjust production equipment and machinery setup.
Conduct training to personnel.
Talk with engineering and technical contractors.
Coordinate equipment and personnel for mechanical repair.
Develop budgets.
Develop maintenance schedules.
Develop policies, procedures, methods, and standards.
Diagnose mechanical problems in machinery and equipment.
Establish employee performance standards.
Estimate materials or labor requirements for equipment repair.
Inspect facilities to determine repair or replacement needs.
Install equipment or attachment on machinery.
Set up and layout of Machining, welding and precision assembly projects.
Modify work procedures or processes to meet deadlines.
Read Schematics and specifications and technical drawings.
Set up computer numerical control machines.
Use precision measuring tools and equipment

Contact this candidate
