
PAUL N. JENSEN
**** ****** ******
Chicago, Illinois 60630
708-***-****
ac8fzh@r.postjobfree.com

Summary of Experience

A Manufacturing Tier One Plant Operations, Tooling and Fabrication Manager. A formally trained machinist and tool and die maker reflecting strong leadership qualifications coupled with a proven track record of success. A personable team player who is energetic, knowledgeable, and dependable. Excels in a challenging environment offering excellent problem-solving ability. Excellent written, verbal, and interpersonal communications skills.

2018 to MJ CELCO, Schiller Park, Illinois
Present A metal stamping and assembly supplier of automotive OEM safety equipment and consumer products.

Tooling and Maintenance Operations Manager, Reporting to the President and CEO of MJ CELCO Manufacturing. Responsibilities include manufacturing, personnel, productivity, new and existing dies, scheduling, tooling and maintenance equipment.

Redesigned and improved tooling and dies increasing quality, production and efficiency.
Structured and implemented pm and spare parts programs into existing ERP system.
Trained employees in applying lean manufacturing and 5S systems to increase efficiency.
Created new systems to achieve certification for IATF-16949:2016 and two VDA audits.
Effectively developed and transitioned new progressive dies, fixtures and tooling into production.

2015 to EW BREDEMEIER, Chicago, Illinois
2018 A premier creative sampling manufacturing company.

Manufacturing Operations Manager. Reporting to the Owner and CEO of EW Bredemeier Manufacturing. Responsibilities include manufacturing, personnel, productivity, machinery, inventory, and shipping & receiving.

Increased productivity by twenty-five percent and total volume by fifty percent.
Applied Batch and JIT manufacturing systems.
Trained employees and implemented lean manufacturing practices.
Designed, managed and manufactured swatches for major retailer’s direct mailing campaign.
Effectively accomplished launches and replenishment programs for major retailers.

2011 to DYNAMIC MANUFACTURING, Hillside, Illinois
2015 A tier one premier supplier of world class OEM new and remanufactured Drivetrain components serving the Automotive Industry.

Plant Operations Manager. Reporting to the COO of Dynamic manufacturing. Responsible for all
designing, building, machining, manufacturing and fabrication of automotive components.

Restructured and expanded the tooling and fabrication machining facility.
Implemented the latest CNC nine axis technology and tooling improving production and quality.
Insourced 2.5 Million dollars of formally outsourced machined transmission components.
Increased Machining capacity while reducing costs and improving quality tripling production.
In shored and implemented GM OEM Transmission components machining and manufacturing.
Introduced JIT, Batch and Lean manufacturing programs reducing inventory and turnover time.
Designed production machining fixtures for GM, Chrysler and Allison transmission components.
Responsible for Quoting RFQs, Manufacturing costs and purchasing CNC machinery.
Initiated and implemented global purchasing of forgings and gears for OEM torque converters.

2002 to KNOWLES ELECTRONICS, Itasca, Illinois
2011 A $250 million international manufacturer and marketer of subminiature acoustic microphones
and speakers (transducers) for hearing instrument and communication applications.

R&D Engineer. Reported to the R&D Vice President. Responsible for designing, building, and repairing high-precision piece parts, fixtures, dies and automated machinery.

Built Micro-Acoustic and Advanced Human Interface Devices.
Designed, built, and repaired high-precision piece parts, fixtures, dies and automated machinery.
Constructed prototype parts from conception to production.
Programmed and Operated CNC, EDM equipment, using Mastercam, Pro E software.
Maintained and operated hydrogen generator and high temperature inconel annealing furnace.
Trained personnel in Malaysia in product manufacturing.

1993 to INGERSOLL-RAND DOR-O-MATIC, Harwood Heights, Illinois
2002 A global provider of products, services and integrated solutions engineered to make environments safe and secure.

Tooling Manager. Reported to the General Manager. Responsible for constructing, building and
Maintaining tooling for the Dor-o-matic division of Ingersoll Rand.

Managed the Construction and maintenance of progressive dies and form dies.
Responsible for Designing, repairing and maintaining jigs, fixtures, prototypes and machinery.
Implement cost saving manufacturing processes including CNC equipment cells.

1991 to JOY RECOVERY TECHNOLOGY, Aurora, Illinois
1993 A company specializing in the reclamation and recycling of Ameritech cable and electronic
materials.

Plant Manager. Reported to the General Manager. Responsible for designing and building new machinery and setting up a new manufacturing facility. Responsible for 150 employees 2 shifts.

Facilitated the design, set up and construction of a new manufacturing building.
Designed and built new machinery, automated equipment and assembly lines.
Responsible for complete operation of facility, manufacturing, personnel and transportation.
1984 to BOYE NEEDLE COMPANY, Chicago, Illinois
1991 A leading maker of precision knitting needles, crochet hooks supplies and accessories.

Tool and Die Maker. Responsible for building prototype models and maintaining and repairing automated machinery.

Built prototype models, dies and machinery.
Maintained and repaired automated machinery and equipment

ADDITIONAL WORK EXPERIENCE

HERITAGE TOOL & MANUFACTURING, Tinley Park, Illinois
A manufacturer of high quality dies and precision components.

Tool & Die Maker. Responsible for building and repairing progressive dies and tooling.

Operated and programmed an Elox wire EDM machine.

RUSH MEDICAL CENTER, Chicago, Illinois
A leading Chicago area medical center and hospital ranked among the highest in the U.S.

Research Machine Laboratory Model Maker. Responsible for building prototype models and implantable prosthetic devices and the construction of various research apparatus.

EDUCATION Graduate, Lane Technical High School, Chicago, Illinois - Pre-engineering emphasis
Graduate, TMA, Tooling and Manufacturing Association Associate Degree
Lean Manufacturing Six Sigma certification
Principles of Machining - American Society of Metals
Principles of Heat Treatment of Metals – American Society of Metals
Principles of Titanium and Alloys – American Society of Metals
Oxyacetylene – arc Welding – Chicago City College
Machining and Finishing Metals – Chicago city College

PROFESSIONAL
TRAINING: Electronics Course – Rush Medical Center
Installation, Operation and Repair of Hydrogen Generator and Inconel Furnace
E.D.M. Programming and Application - Mitsubishi C.N.C. Equipment

COMPUTER
SKILLS: MS Office: Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Mastercam, Solid Works

RECOGNITION
& AWARDS: "Employee of the Month", Boye Needle company - March 1986

COMMUNITY
SERVICE: Neighborhood Boys & Girls Club

Contact this candidate
