
Jeff Henson
Crane Operator/Trainer/cnc machinist
Calvert, AL 36513
251-***-****
ac8kcr@r.postjobfree.com

To work in a professional friendly team oriented workplace.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
WORK EXPERIENCE
Cnc Machinist Mazak controls
Madicorp Staffing
JohnDeere and Caterpillar
Operator
Strom Engineering - Pittsburgh, PA - August 2015 to Present
Responsibilities
Overhead Crane Operator 182 ton Main pulpit operator Finishing mill
Machinist
PMG - Everywhere - February 2015 to Present
Cnc operator (laser,oxy and plasma)
Milling machinist(Mori SeikI and Mazak )
Melt shop Crane Operator/Trainer
Outokumpu Stainless - November 2012 to September 2014
Operated and trained operators on an overhead power cab controlled Kone manufactured 120ton crane.
QA Inspection Specialist
ThyssenKrupp Steel - April 2011 to November 2012
Inspected HDGL strip material quality in real time and dispositioned according to QA and customer specifications.
Authored numerous SOP/JSA's pertaining to QA strip analysis within the Hot Dip Galvanized Line Dept.
Trained all department line personnel on Kone 75t overhead cranes and rigging.
Partook in all safety training in accordance with OSHA and company policies.
Gaylor/GA West-Electrical 1st class asst
Electrical Contractors - July 2009 to April 2011
Assisted the journeyman electrician in wire termination, motor installation, cable tray installation, and conduit Installation. Certified on forklifts, JLG, scissor lifts, aerial lifts and overhead cranes.
Plasma Operator/Trainer
Atlantic Marine - August 2008 to July 2009
Trained operators on the Hypertherm series plasma cutters with gas head modifications compatible with Cleveland touch screen motion controlled interface system capabilities. Real time editing of such CAD programs
For MOD accuracy and distribution. Trained personnel on overhead cord controlled 55t crane.
Coordinator/Pulpit Op
Ipsco/SSAB Steel - March 1999 to August 2008
Reclaim Coordinator: Responsible for up-grading or down-grading all suspect products in compliance with QA. Re-assigned hold material to customer orders via Level 4. Maintained and distributed daily shift report to all dept. managers.
*Shipping/Finishing shift Coordinator: Start up team original member. Authored and co-authored numerousinstruction manuals, safety procedures and JSA/SOP's pertaining to the shipping department. Documentation and presentation of shift/department safety classes. Partook in several leadership training seminars during start up. Evaluation of all shift personnel. Coordinated all shift activities to include but not limited to the following: Assignment of material orders via Level 3 and 4 through Level 3 ICS, creating and assignment of customer load orders to shift personnel via the ICS Level 3 system, changing/modifying orders via level 4 in conjunction with the shear operator and mill scheduler. Planning or altering the mill schedule in conjunction with the Rolling mill coordinator, planning all loads within the mill lineup in real time via level 3 and 4. Maintaining a shift report in real time and distribution of said report to all related department managers. Partaking in all shift mill schedule meetings. Interviewing of potential department employees. Part of a 4 person team to create the " crane version" level 3 Prism Systems interface actual application touch screen. Authored the company wide M.O.D. crane portion advancement test. Word/excel trained.
*Heat treat pulpit operator team leader: Start up team member. Authored numerous JSA/SOP's focusingon the operation of the Normalizing, Austenitizing and Tempering furnaces. As well as, Quenching process, automated on-line cranes and operating pulpit responsibilities concerning Level 2,3 and 4. Trained all department personnel on the 55t overhead cranes, loading/unloading procedures, usage of companywide ICS software with Prism system handhelds. Pulpit responsibilities: Feeding of all 3 lines via 2 automated jib cranes, checking all incoming loads for strata accuracy via the ICS level 3 interface, setting up and monitoring the Austenitizing, Normalizing, and Tempering furnaces according to the customer requirements for said grades, monitoring all tracking bundles on the roll lines and furnaces, setting up and carrying out the Quenching process prior to Tempering, coordinating the crane operators on the removal and loading of material from the roll line, shearing all test samples, stenciling, die-stamping all required material prior to loading and maintaining numerous real time reports.
Plasma/Team Leader/QA
Metals USA - February 1992 to March 1999
Operator: Operated ESAB CAD models 95,350 and 360 plasma/gas burny machines with 12" gas capabilities and 2.25 plasma capabilities. Edited all necessary CAD programs prior to cutting in compliance with customer orders. Operated Hypertherm series 4001-4010 models with plasma/gas capabilities with Cleveland touch screen motion control interface systems. Also operated press brake and paint blaster. Trained on 50t overhead remote crane.
*Bay 3 and 4 team leader. Responsible for unloading structural material railcars, band saw cutting and inventory control and auditing.
*Interim Warehouse manager Kenner La: Initiated zero tolerance drug programs. Reduced overtime rate by83% while improving on time deliveries by 65%. Re-designed warehouse layout and processing steps. Trained a permanent warehouse manager.
Skillset:
*Coordinator/Supervisor * QA Specialist * Crane Operator/Trainer * Logistics trained
*CNC Plasma/Gas Op. * Furnace Op. * Pulpit/Control Operator * Scheduler/Planner
*Industrial Equipment certified (forklift; JLG; man lifts; scissor lifts; etc )
*JSA/SOP initiator * Safety oriented/class instructor
SKILLS
Trumph laser operator, overhead crane operator, plasma/gas cnc operator, press brake operator, production coordinator, Lathe mills. H and V Fanuc coding, Milling machinist(Mori Seiki), Mazak milling machinist, power plant turbine /generator ovh crane operator exp., ic200 broderson carry deck
MILITARY SERVICE
Service Country: US
Branch: navy
Rank: E5
September 1987 to September 1991

Contact this candidate
