
Argie Gonzaga
Mechanical Techincian
ac8m40@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile no. 66264655

Objective:
Goal oriented self-motivated person who aims to promote quality service for optimum production of the company and satisfaction.
Qualification:
Industrial technology
Don Bosco training center, Victorias City Philippines

Work experiences:
Future engineering deputed to Qatar Aluminum (QATALUM)
From January 2018 to present
Position : Mechanical Technician/Machinist

Duties and Responsibilities;

Involve in maintaining centrifugal pumps handling products such a boilers feed water, cooling water, condensate etc, (vertical and horizontal from various manufacturers.
Overhaul F,D and I,D fans, fin fans, blowers, all types of gear boxes, etc. having good experience in the maintenance of the following equipment.
Work in the tower and column related jobs, high pressure pipelines, pressure vessels.
Having good experience in alignment rim alignment, graphically and reverse alignment
Operating lathe machines milling etc,
Welding smaw and mig
CCM pipe operator pipe assembly for MTV and BTV
PRETECT OIL AND GAS MAINTENANCE
Qatar and Abudhabi from 2013 to 2017
Position: Mechanical Technician/Machinist

Duties and Responsibilities:
Experience in on shore and off shore
Machining different sizes of flange to reface and make serration machining surface of base of the motor using in situ milling machine, and pipe cutting machine
Design bolts and nuts, fabricate shafting, impellers of pump motor re-machining turbine casing, exchanger machining, pipelines etc,
Overhauling generators and turbines, to fixed nozzles removing of bearing, casing etc.
Bolting and tensioning using hydraulic pumps to secure the joints are properly tight and equal in the numbering procedure and correct torque value on its bolt, to prevent leak.
Centrifugal pumps assembly and dismantle, reverse alignment and graphically,

Victorias Milling Company Phillipines
Victorias City, Negros Occidental, Philippines from 2006 to 2010
Position: Machinist/Mechanical Technician
Duties and Responsibilities:
Involved in maintaining centrifugal pumps handling products such a boilers feed water, cooling water, condensate etc, (vertical and horizontal from various manufacturers.
Operating lathe machines milling etc,
Welding Smaw and Mig
Design bolts and nuts, fabricate shafting, bearings, impellers of pump motor re-machining turbine casing, any kinds of machining jobs.

TRAINING AND SEMINAR:
Welding
EOT Crane
Hydrogeting
Toruing Certified
Machinist

EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND:
Course: Industrial Technology
Don Bosco Training Center Philippines
Victorias City, Negros Occidental, Philippines

Secondary: Buenavista National High School

Primary: Buenavista Elementary School

Personal Information:
Birth Date: October 28, 1986
Birth Place: Escalante City, Negros Occidental, Philippines
Height: 6’0” Ft.
Weight: 160 Lbs.
Civil Status: Married
Citizenship: Filipino
Sex: Male

CHARACTER REFERENCES:
Ermilindo Lingaya: Safety Officer
Mobile number: 3358-7832
Company: Future Engineering WLL

Thomas: Central Workshop In charge
MOBILE NO: 33416163
Company: QATALUM

Love Joy Marcos: Safety Officer
Mobile Number: 555-4787
Company: Future Engineering WLL

Eduardo Canoy Jr.: Safety Officer
Mobile number: 3379-7935
Company: Future Engineering WLL

I hereby certify that the above information is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Name and Signature,

Argie Gonzaga

Contact this candidate
