
Thiyagarajan p
CONTACT INFO
Phone: 973-***-****
Address: */**-*************,
P.Nattamangalam,
Amani Kondalampatti,
Salam, Tamil Nadu, India -
636010
Email: ac8mn9@r.postjobfree.com
“I am seeking an opportunity to merge my initiative, enthusiasm with 20+ Years of proficiency, to add value, both to the organization and myself. To aim at expanding my horizons and developing skills in the field of “Mechanical Engineering ” and to work in a dynamic environment that provides opportunities for my growth.” AREA OF
EXPERTISE Production & Planning Maintenance Engineering Lean Manufacturing CAM Software Process Improvement Manpower Management Quality Control & Assurance Productivity Improvement Material Planning EXPERIENCE
Servewel Industries, Bangalore
CNC Production Head
APRIL 2004 TO TILL DATE
Production & Planning:
Review drawings and specifications of a particular product and plan the production process, including where and how to cut the workpiece, the correct tools, and materials for the job and the sequence of steps to follow in the production of the product.
Problem-solving and makes decisions on ways to decrease cycle times and efficiency of setups. Evaluate and update plant policies and procedures, taking into consideration the safety of employees, information from continuous improvement activities, and ability to provide the customer with quality parts on time.
Analyze drawings, blueprints, and design data in order to calculate correct part dimension for machines, tool selection, machine speeds, and feed rates. Maintain specifications by observing drilling, grooving, and cutting, including turning, facing, knurling and thread chasing operations; taking measurements; detecting malfunctions; troubleshooting processes; adjusting and reprogramming controls; sharpening and replacing worn tools; adhering to quality assurance procedures and processes.
Use precision measuring instruments including micrometers and calipers, and fixtures and gauges to check work and perform a detailed inspection of parts produced. Responsible for meeting production metrics including scrap and efficiency percentage and sharing information with the workforce on the status of metrics and if any changes need to be made to meet metric.
Perform the machining operations, watch for problems in the production process, and check the accuracy of the finished piece against drawings using calibrated measuring tools. Responsible for the safety program within the plant Conduct employee performance reviews on an annual basis Coordinate with Human Resources for such issues as hiring, firing, disciplinary actions, and other employee relations issues
Responsible for establishing all shift production schedules Stay current on machining technology by learning new techniques and learn how to operate new machines.
Inspect for quality in all aspects of different jobs. Plan, organize, direct and run optimum day-to-day operations to exceed our customer's expectations Increase production, assets capacity and flexibility while minimizing unnecessary costs and maintaining current quality standards
Allocate resources effectively and fully utilize manpower assets to produce optimal results. Implement strategies in alignment with strategic initiatives and provide a clear sense of direction and focus.
Monitor operations and trigger corrective actions
Share a trusting relationship with workgroup and recruit, manage and develop plant employees. Develop systems and processes that track and optimize productivity and standards, metrics and performance targets to ensure an effective return on assets. CNC Programming/Setting
Generate accurate CAD/CAM drawings of parts using supplied print or sketch. Excellent print reading skills.
Generate CNC programs from the CAD/CAM software.
Great working knowledge and understanding of machine tooling and proper usage. Great working knowledge and understanding of inserts and chip breaker function. Ability to perform online programming (at a machine control). Ability to perform offline programming (not on a machine control). Generate and maintain information in Excel or Word based off of CNC programs. Control the handling of CNC programs from the server to CNC machines. Monitor, document, and control any changes made to CNC programs. Have general design concepts of fixture or work holding components. Create and maintain the part manufacturing processes. Needs to be proficient creating/designing, editing, maintaining Microsoft Excel files. Needs to be able to read and follow written instructions or procedures. Troubleshoot machining related issues (tool, manufacturing process, or mechanical). Excellent working knowledge of geometric tolerancing and dimensioning. Banghar Associates, Bangalore
CNC Operator cum Setter
OCT 2004 TO DEC 2003
Analyze job order.
Review CAD models and/or blueprints.
Make calculations to determine where materials should be cut. Define the best sequence of machining steps
Decide tools, speeds feeds and fixtures to be used Generate program code using computer-aided-manufacturing (CAM) software to capture all these decisions run simulation tests
Conduct quality testing and correct/improve program code to increase efficiency, quality, and safety. Communicate with other programmers, shop floor management, machinists/setup and operators and engineering and sales staff to achieve this.
Tvs Motors, Hosur
ACT Apprentice
JULY 2000 TO JUNE 2001
Harita Rubber Products, Hosur
Quality Inspector
SEP 1999 TO JUNE 2000
TVS Motors, Hosur
Line Inspector
MAY 1998 TO FEB 1999
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Operating System Windows 2000/XPs/7/8.1/10
Office Packages MS Office
Designing Packages Auto CAD - R 2000(Basic)
EDUCATION
Appallo Distance Education, Bangalore
Diploma in Mechanical Engineering
APRIL 2016
Government Industrial Training Institute, Salem
ITI - Turner
JULY 1997
CORE
COMPETENCIES Professional, growth oriented, easy adaptive and quick learner. COMPETENCIES
Talented, independent, responsible, hardworking and efficient in analytical complex solving issues. An extrovert with very good blending capabilities. An absolute team player with good communication skills. Ability to deal with a diverse range of cultures and nationalities internationally. Highly competent self-motivated, hardworking with the ability to rapidly learn and apply new skills The ability to plan and deliver oral and written communications that make an impact and persuade their intended audiences.
The ability to notice, interpret, and anticipate other’s concerns and feelings, and to communicate this awareness empathetically to others.
Ability to gain other’s support for ideas, proposals, projects, and solutions. Identifying what needs to be done and doing it before being asked or before the situation requires it. Ability to find effective solutions by taking an abstract or theoretical perspective. PERSONAL
DETAILS Name P. Thiyagarajan Languages Known
Tamil, English, Telugu,
Kannada
Father's Name A. Palani Swamy Date of Birth 09.06.1977 Gender Male Passport Number L6153367
Nationality Indian Marital Status Married
Age 42 Native Place Salem

Contact this candidate
