
JAMIE A. GREENE

** **** ******* ******
Bay Shore, NY 11706

ac8na5@r.postjobfree.com
631-***-****
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Supervisor and Labor Representative with 15+ years of progressive leadership experience promoting optimal workplace safety and employee engagement. Displays leadership skills and talent in motivating and helping employees achieve corporate goals and objectives. Demonstrates outstanding problem solving skills and focused on driving continuous improvements. Strong knowledge of Family Medical Leave Act (FMLA), Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), National Labor Relations Act (NLRA), Fair Labor Standards Act(FLSA) and interpretation of collective bargaining agreements.
AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Employee Relations Initiatives
Collective Bargaining Agreements
Negotiation
Claims and Grievance Resolution
Workplace Safety Protocol
Conflict Resolution
Time and Attendance
Federal Labor Laws
Training Initiatives

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
RANDSTAD Hauppauge, NY
HR Assistant Feb 2019 – Present
Supports the daily operation of HR team.
Uses HR databases to review, input and keep track of employee information.
Prepares, edits and revises corporate policies and procedures.
Reviews and updates employee job descriptions.
Compiles reports and creates spreadsheets to track employee data.
INDEPENDENT RAILWAY SUPERVISOR’S ASSOCIATION Babylon, NY
Vice President Jan. 2015 - Present
Monitors and enforces all aspects of the association’s collective bargaining agreement, ensuring full compliance with federal, state and local regulations including FMLA, OSHA, ADA, Uniform Services Employment & Reemployment Rights Act (USERRA) and federal civil rights laws.
Prepare for, plan, negotiate and implement collective bargaining agreement terms, policies, agreements, and procedures.
Assist in and directs organization’s staff in gathering and assembling relevant data and information in the development and implementation of collective bargaining strategies during negotiations.
Provides direction, consultation, advice and support to management and membership regarding employee relations, labor relations, union contract interpretation, policy administration, and benefits administration.
Responsible for developing and maintaining positive working relationships with both management and union to foster harmonious Labor and Employee Relations environment.
Oversees onboarding of new members, which includes informing members of their job duties, responsibilities, benefits, schedules, working conditions, and rules/regulations.
Provided representation to union members by investigating, writing, filing and processing claims pertaining to perceived violations of the collective bargaining agreement by conducting extensive research on local labor laws and past practices in preparation for appeals processes, mediation and arbitration on behalf of members.
Represents members during disciplinary trials by ensuring cases are settled and/or decided in accordance with labor agreements, progressive discipline, and are consistent with agency standards.

LONG ISLAND RAIL ROAD Jamaica, NY
Supervisor Feb. 2005 - Present
Supervises the implementation of preventive/annual equipment maintenance programs by planning work tasks, monitoring work progress, and ensuring work performed meets predetermined standards, which led to the reduction of equipment downtime and decreased departmental work order backlog by over 30%.
Addresses employment relations issues such as work complaints, harassment allegations, performance counseling and employee performance plans.
Manages organizational records pertaining to employee payroll, attendance, workplace assignments and on-site issues, promoting compliance with LIRR policies and regulations mandated by the MTA and Federal Railroad Administration.
Supervises inspections of industrial equipment, vehicles and engine components, promoting optimal integrity of all assets reducing department failure rates by 20%.
Works to ensure workplace safety for a team of 40+ employees, providing technical guidance to optimize site efficiency achieving a “no lost time” accident rate over more than 10-years.
Acts as a witness for the carrier during investigation/disciplinary trials.

EDUCATION
STONY BROOK UNIVERSITY Stony Brook, NY
Master of Science - Human Resource Management May 2018
4.0 GPA. Courses in Workforce Planning, Compensation Systems & Benefits, Employee Relations and Labor Management.
FARMINGDALE STATE COLLEGE Farmingdale, NY
Bachelor of Science - Business Management August 2016
Cumulative 3.6 GPA & 3.9 GPA in Major. Coursework in Business Law, Operations Management, Accounting, Business Statistics, Corporate Finance and Strategic Management.
SUFFOLK COUNTY COMMUNITY COLLEGE Brentwood, NY
Associate of Science – Business Administration May 2016
4.0 GPA. Graduated with the Highest Distinction. Member of Alpha Beta Gamma. Coursework in Accounting, Technical Writing and Management Principles and Practices.
BARSTOW COMMUNITY COLLEGE Barstow, CA
Associate of Science – Administration of Justice May 2000
3.8 GPA. Graduated magna cum laude. Coursework in Public Speaking, Community Relations and Principles of Investigation.
MILITARY EXPERIENCE
U.S. ARMY Ft. Irwin, CA
Supervisor/Trainer & Senior Machinist Dec. 1995 - Dec. 2000
Responsible for the health, welfare and safety of all soldiers assigned to my squad. Ensured that soldiers met standards in personal appearance and taught them to maintain and account for their individual and unit equipment/property leading the squad to receive various commendable ratings during Battalion Command Inspection.
Enforced standards and developed, coached, and trained soldiers daily in MOS skills and unit missions, increasing squad morale, while promoting optimal professional growth.
Taught individual and collective training, developed unit cohesion, fostered the values of loyalty and commitment and built spirit and confidence.
Evaluated performance oriented training and through coaching and counseling, groomed soldiers for future positions of increased responsibility.
Contributed to implementation of workplace processes to optimize efficiency, safety and space utilization, initiating site inspections and evaluating equipment to reduce and mitigate hazardous conditions.
Worked to ensure functionality of machinery and equipment valued at more than $500,000, performing comprehensive inspections following repairs and replacements.
INDUSTRY CREDENTIALS
LONG ISLAND RAIL ROAD Queens, NY
Supervisor Course
THE NON-COMMISSIONED OFFICER ACADEMY Fort Lewis, WA
Leadership Certification
U.S. ARMY - Logistics Management College Fort Lee, VA
Hazardous Materials Certification
U.S. ARMY - Ordinance Center Aberdeen, MD
Machinist Certification
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite, Kronos Workforce Management, Corporate Asset Management System (CAMS), Computerized Maintenance Management System (CMMS), Corporate Time & Attendance Management System (CTAMS) and Maximo asset management platforms.

Contact this candidate
