
Wilfredo Rodriguez
*** ****** ***
Long Branch, NJ 07740
732-***-****

OBJECTIVE
To help your company grow by utilizing my technical, organizational, and customer service skills

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
Bilingual Spanish\English

EDUCATION
Long Branch High School Graduate 1994

The Chubb Institute, North Brunswick
Diploma, Network Technician, August 2002

EMPLOYMENT EXPERIENCE

ZIMMER BIOMET November 2017
BIOMEDICAL DEVICE SERVICE REPAIR TECHNICIAN
1.Repair pneumatic leg blood circulation compression pumps for hospital use.
2.Replaced parts such as computer boards, controls, exterior parts etc.
3.Tested and calibrated each unit for quality and proper function.
4.Entered all information on SAP online database.
5.Used tools such as manometers, HI pot ground tester, drills, screwdrivers and wrenches.

WL Gore Wall NJ 2009 - 2017
Medical devices and supplies - Manufacturing Machinist Operator - Inspection and Quality
1.Worked on setup of every aspect of Dilator Royal Master Centerless Grinding Machine from beginning to end, Maintenance including disassembly and reassembly of machine for weekly, monthly, and yearly cleaning, adjustment of order specification, change over and PM of machine. Lock out Tag out initiated every day per requirements.
2.Followed FDA guidelines to ensure a clean quality product.
3.Inspected products on every step of the process utilizing microscopes and calipers for visual observation until final inspection for quality and assurance of product. Ensured all paperwork was properly filled.
4.Learned medical terminology associated with the product and received hands on experience in the medical technology world.
5.Learned Clean room procedures including GMP and ISO procedures.
6.Trained new employees on job details and specification.

DPT Labs Lakewood NJ 2016 February-June temporary assignment.
Aseptic Qualified Operator - Pharmaceutical
1.Operate filling line machines for pharmaceutical medical products practicing GMP in a class 100 clean room environment.
2.Environmental monitoring of clean room.
3.Autoclaved parts for compounding purposes.
4.Maintain tools and work area sterile utilizing cleaning products such as Sporklenz, LPH, IPA and vesphene.
5.Duties include weight checks, record keeping and visual inspection of product also ensuring machines run smoothly all in an aseptic environment per SOP and FDA guidelines.
6.Assisted in Microbiology Department filling and inspecting media vials for laboratory evaluations.

Contact this candidate
