
STEVEN M. JOHNSON
Stockbridge, GA 678-***-**** ac8pnt@r.postjobfree.com
TARGETING A POSITION AS...
Environmental, Health, Safety and Security (EHSS) Director Plant Manager Site Manager
Proven career history of strategic, performance focused leadership in multiple business lines, with measurable results that positively impact the bottom line. Motivational leader known for clearly defining mission and goals, aligning people and resources, and delivering outcomes that exceed expectations.
Leadership strengths include a clear sense of direction, the ability to think, adjust, and act creatively in all situations. In possession of the ability to receive information and effectively communicate with people in all settings. Experienced developing effective programs and improving processes/teams that ultimately achieve higher client satisfaction, increased profits, positive organizational change, and increased overall business value.
Experienced driver of Lean Methods, Six Sigma Methods, and Lean Six Sigma Methods in union and non-union settings.
Familiar and experience working with OSHA’s PSM and EPA’s RMP Standards
Strong performer with the goal to achieve excellence, not average. Operations Management
Production Management
Manufacturing/Warehousing
Process Improvement Initiatives
Creative Problem Solving
Fleet Services
Training & Development
Risk/Security Management
Environmental, Health, & Safety
Professional Experience
Enivironmental, Health and Safety (EHS) Consultant 07/2018-Present CORBION BIO-MATERIALS – TUCKER, GEORGIA
Reviewed and Revised Sites Environmental, Health and Safety Programs to align with ISO14001 and ISO45001 Standards with a main focus on methods to drive performance improvements, increase employee knowledge and ownership, reduce incident rates and drive down cost associated with the EHS Programs. Provided feedback to Operations Department on methods to improve operations. North America Operations Manager 12/2016—03/2017
LONZA WOOD PROTECTION (LWP) NORTH AMERICA – A LONZA COMPANY Multiple Sites Stepped into a functional role as the lead Operations Manager in North America during a temporary vacancy with operational leadership for Conley, GA, Valparaiso, IN, Kalama, WA, and Vancouver, WA facilities. Ensured continued safe and productive operations for all sites during a challenging transitional period. Arranged weekly conference calls with staff from each site, in addition to 6 weeks of travel for hands-on oversite. Provided support related to capital planning, budgeting, scheduling planning, and more to equip each site manager with the necessary tools to succeed.
Worked to ensure the Kalama, WA facility had a full staff by hiring a large number of temporary employees and initiating effective training programs to overcome local retention challenges.
Delivered significant training and mentoring to the Kalama, WA site manager (3 weeks on the job) to ensure a successful ramp-up process despite challenging circumstances.
Delivered hands on, technical training to the Valparaiso, IN site manager by serving as a Process Engineer to enhance technical processes and overall results during the transition.
Completed significant schedule and hiring for multiple sites in addition to FY17 budget planning so that capital projects could be identified, estimated, and approved.
Production Manager, Conley Arsenic Acid (AA)Plant 07/2016—07/2018 LONZA WOOD PROTECTION (LWP) NORTH AMERICA – A LONZA COMPANY Conley, GA Successful leadership in dual roles as EHSS Manager and Production Manager in a multinational chemical and biotech company. Took over operation while processes were underperforming, producing 1.5 batches/day on a 24/7 schedule; revamped processes using Lean Six Sigma methodology to produce 4 batches/day on a 24/5 schedule. Led significant production improvements and employee empowerment initiatives to collectively boost operational efficiency and employee morale for 12 direct reports and 150 employees on site. Guided team from a directly managed workforce with low initiative to a self directed workforce with high productivity. Traveled 10-15% per year to multiple sites to maintain consistent performance results. STEVEN M. JOHNSON Page 2 ac8pnt@r.postjobfree.com 678-***-****
Increased throughput by over 60% by analyzing bottlenecks in process and reducing or eliminating them
Reduced employee overtime from a 24/7 operation to a 24/5 operation, a 55% reduction in overtime and a $250,000/year savings in labor cost.
Increased safety stock levels of AA from 3 days to 30 days, a critical achievement as the only source of AA available to LWP in the U.S.
In the process of investigating the possibility of selling 25% of AA plant’s excess capacity to an outside source, potentially leading to increased business revenue.
Completed a Lean Six Sigma project in AA plant that improved product quality of batches and drastically increased production. Discovered and eliminated bottleneck, strengthened maintenance, and changed team attitudes.
Implemented scheduled maintenance plans to increase the reliability of plant equipment and reduce unscheduled downtime.
Updated and enhanced the operator training program to improve overall knowledge base of plant employees. Environmental, Health, Safety, and Security (EHSS) Manager 07/2012—07/2018 LONZA WOOD PROTECTION (LWP) NORTH AMERICA – A LONZA COMPANY Conley, GA Overhauled and revamped EHSS programs to drive performance improvements and a reduction in incident rates. Responsibility for multiple sites (7) in 3 states and British Columbia. Managed a DOT Compliance for a fleet of vehicles that included 25 over the road drivers, 60 tankers, and additional shipments by rail. Influenced measurable results by developing best practices and driving process improvements across site teams utilizing Lean Six Sigma methodology.
Updated all site permits (SWPPP, Air, Waste Water, HW Part B Remediation).
Implemented a LWP Housekeeping and Waste Minimization Program to eliminate obsolete waste material.
Developed, conducted, and analyzed the EHSS Survey for sites to obtain feedback from employees and managers, to improve employee engagement, morale, and participation in site improvement processes.
Developed and implemented a 5-year EHSS improvement plan for LWP-NA, which includes implementing EHSS Systems that model OSHA’s PSM and EPA’s RMP programs.
Recommended and implemented changes to improve DOT, OSHA, EPA, and Security Programs.
Recommended and implemented changes to improve the site’s training programs for Operators and Maintenance personnel along with EHSS training program.
Implemented a Site Self Auditing Program to improve compliance and the condition of the facilities from an ergonomics, safety, environmental, operational, and material condition perspective.
Modified Safety Supply and Personal Protective Equipment Programs to reduce the time required to order inventory and supply PPE to employees, while reducing cost outlays.
Successfully achieved Site Certification for ChemStewards Program at three sites. ChemStewards is an adaptable EHSS program that promotes continuous performance improvement in batch chemical manufacturing.
Assisted and worked with the Maintenance Department to develop and improve Electrical (EPM) and Mechanical (MPM) Maintenance Programs, leading to improved EHSS performance and operational reliability.
Assisted the Operations Department by serving as a mentor and knowledgeable resource to guide operations improvements, increased plant efficiencies, and enhanced overall EHSS performance.
Implemented an online behavior based safety program, which led to increased employee participation in EHSS, plant operations, and maintenance improvement initiatives.
Implemented an online critical work procedure program for Safe Work Procedures: LOTO, Confined Space, Hot Work, High Work, Excavations, Electrical Work and Process Line Breaking. Safety, Health and Environmental Manager 08/2005—07/2012 YANCEY BROS. CO., CATERPILLAR DEALER FOR GEORGIA Austell, GA Drove efficiency and continuous improvement of all Safety, Health, Environmental (EHS), Security, Department of Transportation (DOT) programs, as well as Workers Compensation, General Liability, Automobile and Property insurance programs for 30 sites.
Utilized Lean Six Sigma processes and methods for the improvement of EHS and DOT programs.
Implemented a Site Self-Audit program and corporate audit program for OSHA, MSHA, EPA and DOT compliance. Company compliance improved significantly, going beyond just compliance.
Implemented several transportation initiatives to improve the compliance of a 400-vehicle fleet. This led to the fleet becoming compliant with both Federal and State DOT regulations. Successfully passed multiple GA Department of Public Safety - Motor Carrier Compliance Division (MCCD) audits.
Reduced employee injuries by 75% and vehicle accidents were reduced 85% from 2005 to 2012. STEVEN M. JOHNSON Page 3 ac8pnt@r.postjobfree.com 678-***-****
Cost associated with General Liability, Workers’ Compensation, Property and Automobile insurance claims <15% of 2005 values. This is greater than a $4,000,000/year savings compared to 2005 values.
Experience Modification Factor (EMR) reduced from 1.08 in 2005 to 0.56 in 2013. Approximately $600,000 savings in Workers’ Compensation Premium cost per year.
Migrated company’s EHS training program to a computer based training program. This resulted in a significant savings in employee time, company cost, and provided more detailed training at the same time.
Drove EHS departmental satisfaction survey results to improve over 10% to approx. 94% from 2005 to 2012. Warehouse Manager 10/2004—05/2005
UNICCO, INC. Elyria, OH
Drove efficiency and continuous improvement of warehouse operations. Production Manager/Warehouse Manager 04/1996—10/2004 FERRO CORP. Cleveland, OH
Drove efficiency and continuous improvement of Production and Warehouse Operations using Lean Six Sigma Methods. Operations Department – Operator, Supervisor of Plant Operations and Trainer 10/1988—04/1996 FIRST ENERGY CORP. Toledo and Cleveland, OH
Member of the Site Operations Team, Emergency Response Team and Fire Brigade. Mechanical Division Leading Petty Officer (Machinist Mate 1st Class - E-6) 1980-1988 UNITED STATES NAVY VETERAN - Honorable Discharge Various Duty Stations Drove continuous improvement in Power Plant Operation, Training/Development and Equipment Maintenance. Education and Training
Master of Business Administration (MBA) – Risk Management and Corporate Finance WALDEN UNIVERSITY – Minneapolis, MN
Bachelor of Science – Applied Science and Engineering Technology THOMAS EDISON STATE COLLEGE – Trenton, NJ
1st Class Machinists Mate – Navy Nuclear Power Program
Licensed 3rd Class Stationary Steam Engineer
Davis-Besse Nuclear Plant Operations Program
Multiple Leadership and Supervisory Courses
Certifications
BEAC Certified Process Safety Auditor (CPSA)
Instructor for: MSHA, OSHA General Industry, Hazardous Waste Operations, Forklift
Facilitator for: Lean Six Sigma, Manufacturing, Think Reliability Cause Mapping, Safety in Motion, Six Sigma Practices, EHSS Leadership, Employee Mentoring and Electrical Safe Work Practices
Presently pursuing the following certifications: Associate Safety Professional (ASP), Certified Safety Professional (CSP), and Associate in Risk Management (ARM).
Volunteer Fire Fighter
Awards
Golden Key International Honour Society – Summa Cum Laude graduate.
Project Safe Georgia Distinguished Member Award (2012) – Sponsored by GA DOL, A DOI, GA Employer Committee and Project Safe GA; award only given 8 times in a 20-year history of Project Safe GA.
Nominated for Ferro Weaver Award for Process Improvement Initiatives in the Powder Stabilizer Plant (2003). STEVEN M. JOHNSON Page 4 ac8pnt@r.postjobfree.com 678-***-**** Professional Associations
Georgia Safety Council (GDOL)
Project Safe Georgia
Henry County LEPC
American Society of Safety Engineers
National Safety Council
Caterpillar Dealer EHS Executive Committee – Environmental Committee Chairman (2009-2012)

Contact this candidate
