
DIEGO SAPITULA

Abu Dhabi, UAE 971********* ac8q8j@r.postjobfree.com

PROFILE AND CAREER OBJECTIVE
Proficient and well experienced Quality Control Inspector with strong background in machining. An IRCA Certified for ISO 9001:2015 QMS Lead Auditor. With 21 years of established professionalism and shared proven competencies in Manufacturing Industry for Defence, Aerospace and Oil & Gas. Specialize on improving product quality by carefully evaluating products and materials against design.
To enhance my professional skills in a dynamic and stable workplace
KEY SKILLS
Proficient in inspection using basic and high precision measuring equipment (CMM. Optical Comparator, Digital Height Gauges)
Lean and Six Sigma Manufacturing
First Article Inspection (AS9100 / EN9100)
GD & T (Geometric Dimensioning & Tolerancing) / ASME Y14.5-200
Verification, Validation and Qualification System
Non-destructive Testing
Non Conformance identification
Product and Process Verification
Supplier Improvement and Recall
Root Cause and Corrective Action
Quality Control Plans
Implementing Quality Engineering Training and Practices
Reading, Interpretation and Analysis of Drawings, Specifications and Technical Procedures
Programming and Operation of CMM
Project Management & Risk Management
Managing Safely (IOSH)
Microsoft Office Suite: PowerPoint and Excel
5s
A3 Reporting and Problem Solving
Production Part Approval Process (PPAP)
Manual and CNC Machining

WORK HISTORY
JANUARY 2017-DECEMBER 2018
Qc Inspector Harris Corporation Abu Dhabi, UAE
JUNE 2013-NOVEMBER 2016
Qc Inspector Caracal International LLC (Tawazun Industrial Park) Abu Dhabi, UAE
OCTOBER 2011-MAY 2013
Qc Inspector Tawazun Precision Industries (Tawazun Industrial Park) Abu Dhabi, UAE
JANUARY 2010-AUGUST 2011
Qc Inspector Alaa For Industry (AFI) Dammam, Saudi Arabia
MAY 1997-DECEMBER 2009
Senior CNC Machinist Cum Qc Inspector Moog Controls Corporation Philippines
Team Leader of Quality, manages the training of new quality inspectors, planning workload and scheduling and overseeing execution of the plan.
Conduct supplier process audit, parts inspection and testing to ensure parts compliance prior to delivery.
Works on a program that integrated cables, brackets and electronic components into military tactical vehicles.
Developed and testing inspection procedures, inspection of incoming parts for compliance to drawing, notifying engineering and management when discrepancies found and dis-positioning defective parts.
Ensures the delivery of hardware and documentations that meets the contractual requirements in all respects for the UAE Emirate Command and Control System, Land Tactical System Initial Operating Capability Program Project.
Lead the Supplier Inspection team in conducting the measuring and testing of materials and products from the supplier for the assy of small firearms.
Discarded and rejected products, materials and equipment that did not meet specifications. Helped resolve non-conforming product issues. Provide inspection and test reports and retain copies of reports on files as records.
Monitored production operations for compliance with specifications and promptly reported defects by randomly testing in-process products.
Developed inspection programs and inspection plan for CMM Machines and developed products control plans
Analyse, review, interpret and consulted on documents required on developing new products.
EDUCATION
1997
Associate of Applied Science: Diploma of Technology
Don Mariano Marcos Memorial State University Open University System, Philippines
CERTIFICATIONS AND TRAININGS
ISO 9001:2015 Quality Management System Certified Lead Auditor
Non-Destructive Testing Inspector II: Dye Penetrant Testing and Magnetic Particle Inspection (Southern Institute of Services FZ LLC)
Quality Engineering Training (CQE) - Chicago Training Institute Abu Dhabi UAE (September 23 – Nov 22, 2013)
Quality Management Training (CMQ) - Chicago Training Institute Abu Dhabi UAE (February 24 – May 12, 2017)

Contact this candidate
