
Sayyid M Bahaduri

SUMMARY:

Motivated and experienced manual machinist, and CNC Operator seeking a position with your organization. Possess a solid work history, combined with the ability to work effortlessly with people in high-pressure, deadline-driven environments.
15+ years of experience Manual Lathe, Manual Milling/Horizontal and Vertical Milling, Drill Press, Bend Saw, Vertical Saw
Past experience working with Grinding Machine, Bending Machine and Turret Lathe
15+ years of experience with variety of materials; such as, Stainless Steel, Aluminum, Copper, Brass, Titanium and Plastics
Expertise reading blueprint and working with low tolerances such as 0.001

HIGHLIGHTS OF QUALIFICATIONS:

Competency in mill and lathe machining techniques.
Use of CNC programming to calculate and edit programs.
Production runs of manufactured components and the measurement of the product.
Knowledge of geometric dimensions and tolerance, blueprint reading, industrial math, and precision gauges.
Ability to operate forklift, and other types of material handling equipments.
Computer skills include: MS Excel, Access, Word, Internet Explorer, & PowerPoint.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

From jun 2015 till now I didn't have access to machine shop to continue my skill job as a machine operator or machinist, but I worked at different field like driving Uber and traveling abroad .
So I still the ability to work as a machine operator or manual machinist by the experience that I have in the past year.

Wika Instrument Services Lawrenceville, GA Mar 2015 – Jun 2015
CNC Machinist / Operator (Temp Job)

Set up and operated Murisieki NZ 1500 five axes CNC Lathe and DMG five axes CNC Lathee.
Metals/Materials used: Steel and Aluminum.
reading blueprint and made parts to close tolerance of 0.001" to 0.015".
Who did you report to? Quality control Department.

ClydBriggman CO Tucker GA Oct 2014—Jan 2015
CNC Machinist / Operator (Temp Job)

Setup and operated manual Lathe and Bridgeport milling Machines
Making precision Parts from blue prints and repair parts.
Metals/Materials used: Steel, Aluminum and Copper.
Tolerance level: From 0.001" to 0.005".
Type of machines (besides lathe and milling) None.
Who did you report to? Plant manager Mr. Morison.

ZF Industries, 1261 Palmour Drive Gainesville GA Apr 2011 – Apr 2014
LatheSetup/Operator

Set-up and Run production on Lathe machine.
Quality Check of products.
Machining of proto-type.
What did you build as a prototype? axle housing in different sizes.
How many prototype did you build per day?
Metals/Materials used: Cast Iron and Steel Cast.
Tolerance level: from 0.001" to 0.005"
Type of machines (besides lathe)? None.
Who did you report to?: (working title of the person) Quality control Department.

Lining Corporation Tucker, GA Feb 2008 – Apr 2011
CNC Operator

Production run on CNC machines.
Type of machines: HAAS Lathe and HAAS Mill.
Quality check of products.
We made compressor Wheels in different sizes.
How many prototype did you build per day? Between 50 to 100 Parts.
What type of Metals/Materials used? Steel and Aluminum.
Tolerance level? ).001" to 0.005".
Who did you report to? Production Manager.

PAI Industries, Inc. Suwannee, GA Dec 2004 – Oct 2008
CNC Operator

Production run on CNC machines like OKUMA and CINCINNATTI Horizontal Mills.
Quality check of products.
We made Quality Trenium parts for truck trailers.
The maximum parts could be produced were 11 parts.
The material were used Iron cast.
Tolerance level: 0.001" to 0.005"
Who did you report to?

Jarco Air Foil Duluth, GA Mar 2000 – Sep 2004
CNC Operator

Production run on CNC machines.
Type of machine used were Manual Lathe, Horizontal and Vertical Mills, Band saw,
Bridgeport Mill, TOODA Horizontal CNC Mill.
Quality check of products.
We produced Quality Wing and blade for airplane.
The amount production were depend on machine cycle which were between 45 min to two hours.
The materials used were Stainless steel, Steel, Cast Iron, Aluminum, and Titanium.
Tolerance level: from 0.001" to 0.005".
The performance were reported to Quality control department.

EDUCATION:

Habibia High School Kabul, Afghanistan
VTE College, four years Kabul, Afghanistan (Automobile) (1977 to 1979)
Drexel University, Mechanical Engineering, Philadelphia, PA 19104 Completed 62 Credit Hours
AP Orleans Technical School, Certificate of Machine

Contact this candidate
