
CURRICULUM VITAE

Shakeel Ahmed Siddiqui
A-*** SINDH BALOCH CO-OPERATIVE HOUSING SOCIETY
BLOCK-12 GULISTAN-E-JOUHAR

KARACHI, PAKISTAN

Mobile: 009**-*********
Email: ac8rla@r.postjobfree.com

Objective:
To secure a position in the field of Mechanical, Constructing, Management and Project Technical Advisors that will enable me to expand my areas of responsibilities with further career potential at any Poultry organization.

Personal Information:
Marital Status: Married
Nationality: Pakistan
Place of Birth: Karachi, Pakistan

Educational Qualification:
B.A (Bachelor of Arts) from
University of Karachi, Pakistan

Professional Qualification:

1) Diploma from Suzuki Motors, Japan, in Transmission Parts Auto Mobile
2) Three years diploma from TTC College, Karachi.
3) Three years apprenticeship as a Machinist from Singer Machine Industries of Pakistan with TTC, Karachi.

Additional Training Courses
Successfully completed Hygiene Training from ISO 9001
I have got 2 years Training in House Installation with Makaro International U.S.A. inside Hadco. Sap Training Inside Hadco

Language Known:
English: Speaking, Reading & Writing
Urdu: (Mother Language)
Arabic: Speaking & Reading

Work Experience:
1) Worked as a Maintenance Supervisor in SUZUKI LTD. Karachi, Pakistan.
2) Have been working with Hail Agricultural Development Co. (HADCO ALmarai ) since last 19 years from 1991 to 2010 as an Maintenance Section Head under HADCO POULTRY PROJECT, Hail, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.

Responsibilities:
1) Look after all equipments for poultry projects parents, hatchery, broiler, feed mill and slaughterhouse.
2) Ordering & Technical Checking of all Equipments & mechanical materials after purchasing. Providing technical Advices to all above related subjects.

Achievement Done:
1) Installation more than 110 Poultry Houses with all equipments shade and all accessories which America & German standard and complete equipment fixing as per drawing with MACARO SOLID IMPACT COMPANY.
2) Installation of Huge Cold Storage in Saudi Arabia for Hadco.
3) Installation of Hatchery in Hadco PETERSIME Co.
4) Installation of Feed Mill Sheds & Fixing of Equipment.
5) Installation of new chillers in Slaughterhouse & Meat Processing Cold Storage.
6) Fencing Work prepared for security fence around the 19 Farms inside the Hadco Project with welded wire mesh, cyclone wires and as per specification.
7) In 2004 I have got the Certificate of Best Employee of the Year, Hadco.

Currently working:
Arab Poultry Breeders co . AS Maintenance Manger
Responsibilities:
1.Look after and manage all frames Equipments Hatchery Equipment feed mill New House Installation and water and Electrical work maintaining.
2.Vehicles organize as per demand.
3.All kind of machine maintaining.
4.Look after working staff.
5.All record and monthly or weekly report maintaining by computer and sending to GM by email.

Contact this candidate
