
Robert Baker
**** * ***** **
Chandler, AZ *****
602-***-**** ac8se7@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY: Over 20 years experience in R&D and Manufacturing as Assembler, Machinist, Quality Assurance and Engineering. Proficient in Problem Solving and Defect Tracking in a lean manufacturing environment, along with excellent verbal and written communication skills.

KEY SKILLS

Quality Control Analysis
Machinist CNC & Manual
Record Keeping - Defect Tracking
Time Management
Operation Monitoring
Attention to Detail
Mathematical Skills
Computer Literate
Scheduling
Tooling and Fixtures
Problem Solving
Manufacturing Documentation
Equipment Maintenance
CMM Operation & Programming

EDUCATION
Machine Tool Technology Certificate, Chabot College Hayward, CA
Graduation: December 2011 GPA 3.9
Relevant Course Work
Blueprint Reading
Numerical Control Programming
CAD/CAM
Measurement and Calculations
Production Practices
Solid Works
Basic Tool Making
Mastercam X

Associate of Science in Electronics and Computers, Devry University Fremont, CA
Graduation: February 2003 GPA 3.6
Relevant Course Work
Digital Electronics
PLC’S and Control Systems
Analog Communications
Technical Math & Writing
Microprocessors
Electronic Devices and Applications
WORK EXPERIENCE
QC Inspector August 2018 to Present
FireTrace International Scottsdale, AZ
An international producer of specialized fire protection and suppression equipment.
Perform all aspects of inspection such as receiving, in-process and final.
Work with the Quality Engineer to identify and resolve non-conformances.
Keep accurate records and update computer data-base of incoming materials.
Team Leader-Passenger Body Shop January 2002 to April 2010
New United Motor Manufacturing, Inc. (NUMMI) Fremont, CA
A joint venture between Toyota and General Motors. Performed precision assembly in accordance with standardized work instructions; implemented preventive measures, tracked quality on a daily basis, wrote standardized work instructions for each job, trained new team members on standardized work and ergonomics. Worked with management to improve quality and efficiency.
Over Three years as a Team Leader. Trained and supported a six-member assembly team.
Robert Baker Page 2 of 2
Participated in two award-winning quality problem solving circles.
Resolved many manufacturing issues and problems reducing overall defects.
Recorded torque, fit, and overall appearance data from test equipment.
Read inspection reports to determine root cause and preventive action.
Suggested and implemented many production improvements increasing both quality and reduced manufacturing cost. Received over $1K in bonuses.

Quality Assurance Engineer March 2000 to March 2001
A&D Precision, Inc. Fremont, CA
A precision machine shop and sub-assembly contractor serving the high-tech and semi-conductor industry. Supervised the quality department by assigning responsibilities and job functions. Prioritized and coordinated product flow based on company and costumer expectations.
Implemented SPC techniques and capability studies.
Updated out of date policies, procedures, work instructions and process flows.
Calculated and reported quality and on-time performance.
Improved vendor relations.
Quality Assurance Engineer February 1999 to March 2000
Longs Manufacturing Inc. Fremont, CA
A precision machine shop supplying close tolerance parts to the semi-conductor and medical equipment manufacturing industry.
Updated QC manual and procedures to ISO standards.
Set up source inspection procedures of supplier’s quality and reliability.
Improved raw material traceability program to assure accuracy.
Created an affective material review board (MRB) program.
Engineering Technician September 1995 to December 1998
Phase Metrics Inc. Fremont, CA
Manufacture of precision robotic cells, test equipment and servo-writers for the hard drive manufacturing industry.
Supported Engineers in building, testing and evaluation of prototypes.
Perform final test of PCB and mechanical assemblies prior to manufacturing release.
Determine root cause of PCB and mechanical assembly’s failures.
Document failure conditions in a computer database and generate failure reports.
Evaluate, qualify and train vendors for various engineering programs.
Quality and Manufacturing Technician November 1993 to July 1995
Malabar International Simi Valley, CA
Manufactures of aircraft maintenance & support equipment.
Performed receiving, in-process and final inspection of precision machined parts.
Performed NDT of pressure and structural weld joints.
Resolved manufacturing and quality issues associated with new designs.
Generated manufacturing and quality procedures and acceptance criteria.
Supported machine shop when needed.
Additional employment and training history upon request
ADDITIONAL PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT, NUMMI, Fremont, CA
Toyota Production Systems
Kaizen Certification
Team Leader Training
NUMMI Microsoft Office

Robert Baker
1808 W Rosal Dr
Chandler, AZ 85224
602-***-**** ac8se7@r.postjobfree.com

Additional employment history
Chief Inspector Aug 1988 to Oct 1992 Air Dry Corp. of America Inc. Moorpark, CA
Manufactures of air and gas dehydration and purification systems and associated air handling and monitoring components used in both the military and civilian sectors.
Supervisor of Quality Assurance Dept.
Assigned daily task, evaluated employee performance and generated performance reviews
Company representative for customer source inspection
Reviewed assembly drawings, purchase orders and contractual acceptance standards
Created tool calibration program in accordance with government standards

Quality Control Inspector Dec 1986 to Jun 1988
Trompeter Electronics Inc. Westlake Village, CA
Manufactures of Rf and Bnc connectors, Fiber Optics and Microwave Assemblies used throughout the electronics industry.
Inspected electronic and mechanical assemblies in accordance with specifications
Performed final test on finished product to customer acceptance standards
Determined root-cause and failure analysis utilizing debug tools and diagnostic software
Machinist Feb 1985 to Nov 1986
CYC Enterprises Inc. Newbury Park, CA
A precision machine shop specializing in producing fixtures and tooling for the aerospace and medical devices industries.
Performed precision machining of close tolerance parts and assemblies
Set-up and First Article
Program and proof of CNC machinery, Bendix & Acroloc

Contact this candidate
