
DENIZ BALKANLI
**/**/**** - ********,**
ac8u40@r.postjobfree.com
+905*********

ABOUT ME

My career started when I was 6.
After graduating, I did internships as a screenwriter at TBWA Istanbul and at AZ Emlak as a real estate agent.
I started working as an Executive Producer, Assistant Director, Cast Director, Art Director, Photographer for production agencies such as First-Unit, Anima Istanbul, Istanbuldogz, Sugar Rush Films.

Then I moved to Los Angeles to study Psychology and Art.
When I came back to Istanbul, I started studying Management of Performing Arts at Istanbul Bilgi University while working on my photography @objectiveproject.

I have also worked as an Event Manager, & Booker and Personal Relations Manager, Festival Coordinator with venues such as Indigo, Kiki, Cue, Kasette, Suma Beach, Saigon Restaurant, Gigology and Milk Gallery.

I am the lead vocal and guitarist in my band and I have performed live music at different private venues such as Swissotel Bosphorus Rooftop, Happily Ever After, Raphael Istanbul. I have worked with Kaan Duzarat as a vocal artist where we created 40 tracks, which are now being used in all the shopping malls and airports in Turkey.
I also work as a voice-over artist for TV shows, commercials and films.

After getting my certificate as a Life Coach from Erickson Coaching International, and Yoga Kioo Teachers Training RYT 280, I started coaching and teaching yoga. Currently I have coachees and students from all around the world.

I have acted and modeled in commercials, magazines, billboards, TV series, short films, and in a movie. I have worked with brands such as Coca-Cola, Fanta, Nike, Letgo, Mavi, Fiat, Haribo,Vakkorama, Penti, Ulker, Molped, Opet, ETS Tur, Vodafone, In The Mood For Love, Machinist Clothing Co., Health & Fitness Magazine, Elle Magazine, Harper’s Bazaar Magazine, MobyDick Magazine.

I am a solution oriented, focused, hard-working courageous and fast learning creative performing artist and producer with great communication skills, inspiring positive energy and presentability. My best quality is my netwoking skills and capability to understand the root causes of problems and solve them quickly while keeping myself and my surroundings calm.
I can do sales, act, pose, sing, dance, shoot films, do voice-overs, ride a horse, throw a festival, coach you into finding your motivation in life or show you how to do a handstand!

PERSONAL DETAILS

I am a traveler.
I am interested in the affect of stars and get inspired by the natural balance of life.
I like socializing, books, dancing, cooking, philosophical talks, sunsets, the forest and late night car rides.
I am an exotic looking woman with light brown colored afro curls and a big smile.

RELATED EXPERIENCE

Film Production & Directing & Photography
Companies I worked at: First-Unit Film Productions, TBWA, Anima, Istanbuldogz, Sugar Rush Films, GDE Casting, Callback Istanbul
Our family business has been Film Producing since 2005, I practically grew up on sets. My mother is an executive producer, she thought me a lot about managing a company, media sales, production, communication and organization.
Since then, I have worked with several production companies and agencies as a director, photographer, art director, field manager, script writer, office manager, production manager, cast director and acting coach.

Contact Reference

Umit Balkanli - ac8u40@r.postjobfree.com
Derya Tuzluca - ac8u40@r.postjobfree.com
Kaan Kestelli - ac8u40@r.postjobfree.com

EDUCATION

Lycee Saint Benoit D’Istanbul
Santa Monica College/Los Angeles - Psychology
Istanbul Bilgi University - Management of Performing Arts
Erickson Coaching International - Arts & Science of Coaching Certificate
Yoga Kioo International - 280 RYT Teachers Training Certificate

FURTHER INFO

I hold a golden visa which allows me to travel in Europe without needing a Schengen Visa, I also have residency and work permit from Portugal.
I am also interested in online working jobs.

Looking forward to work with you !

WWW.DENIZBALKANLI.COM

Contact this candidate
