
Vahid Sarfaraz
Millwright mechanic red seal
Scarborough, ON
ac8u9v@r.postjobfree.com
647-***-****

Productive and reliable; licensed Inter provincial Industrial Maintenance Mechanic (red seal) 1992; with an excellent troubleshooting, and problem solving ability, Production machine fabricator takes great pride in producing high quality work.
ACCOMPLISHMENTS: •Built 1 vacuum forming machine PLC (THERMO FORMING) production- HANET PLASTIC LTD in Quebec •Built 2 pipe forming and bending machine PLC production- IPEX INC. in Toronto (invader location) special fabrication plant . •Designed and fabricated production machinery parts, modified systems. Set up detractive testing and 7 degree leak test apparatus. -NUTON ELECTRICAL INC. • Implemented a monitoring and log book system for all Machines to avoid unnecessary repairs and cost due to wrongful diagnosis. •Designed and fabricated jigs. •Designed and fabricated special purpose equipment such as skimmers.

Millwright/mechanic
REXPACK-SCARBOROUGH, ONT
OCTOBER 2018 TO JANUARY 2019
Food packaging company worked as mechanic and machinist on fabrication and repair and modification of packaging machinery using all standard machine shop tools and equipment, soon after probation to take maintenance manager roll with 6 crew mechanic.
Foot note: did not make the probation period.

Millwright Mechanic
POLAR PACK - Brampton, ON
June 2018 to September 2018
PERFORM MAINTENANCE ON THERMO FORMING OPERATION FOR FOOD PRODUCT PAKAGING

Foot note: continental 12 hours rotation. Did not work for me.

Maintenance
magna international CO-EX-TEC (contract) - Concord, ON
October 2017 to January 2018
General maintenance, repair, and pm
Millwright mechanic
samuel ( 3 month contract ) - Toronto, ON
June 2017 to August 2017
Roll forming stainless still tubing's - general maintenance, PM, repair and breakdowns-mainly bearings.

Millwright mechanic,
Vegefresh Inc. - Toronto, ON
August 2016 to May 2017
Food product processing plan (potatoes, carrots, apple, and Moore). working as mechanic on equipment such as conveyors, Augers, pumps ( centrifuge and diaphragm ), industrial hydraulic and electric peelers, hydraulic units, plant waist system, 4 stage starch and vegetable waist clarifiers,(animal feed), electrical 2 and 3 wire control .

Foot note: too much demand on working on plant electrical grid (120, 480, 600), in wet environment. Layoff

Industrial mechanic
Delta Wash - Brampton, ON
June 2015 to May 2016
In charge of the establishing non existing maintenance shop and establishing some procedures such as routine preventive and pre shift inspections. Responsibilities: The repair of hydraulic and pneumatic stackers (PLC), conveyors, gearboxes, motors, high pressure piston pumps. Welding, fabrication of a new pallet squaring machine, and building of drive and idler modules for fast replacements.

Foot note: accomplished the objective. (Layoff)

Millwright mechanic
Thomas and Betts - Scarborough, ON
August 2013 to January 2015
Manufacturer of transformers for airport runways transformers, working as mechanic for temporary assignment through CAN-TECH, working with 100 to 450 ton injection moldings and supporting machinery, PLCs Responsibilities industrial mechanic millwright (res seal) maintenance of injection machines, supporting equipment and the production lines. PLCs.

Foot note: quit - (was asked to work indefinitely through can-tech agency with no benefit).

Millwright mechanic red seal
COSMETICA (Temp) - Scarborough, ON
April 2012 to February 2013
Senior mechanic at night shift - Preventative maintenance, trouble shooting, verify perimeters for production. Worked with Hot-pour, bottom labellers, 14 powder pressing machines (plc) . coders and related equipment, Ensuring production accuracy and measurements. Diagnose, repair, replace and modify parts.

Foot note: straight night shift: Quit

Industrial mechanic millwright.
MACRO ENGINEERING (Temp) - Brampton, ON
October 2011 to January 2012
Manufacture of Advanced Extrusion System. RESPONSIBILITIES - Assembly of machinery platforms for complete extrusion production line - Utilizing equipment such as hoist, forklift, hand tools.

Foot note: agency (contract).

Industrial mechanic millwright red seal
SAMUEL EQUIPMENT - Woodbridge, ON
August 2011 to September 2011
Manufacture of Balers, Packaging Machine and Tools)
RESPONSIBILITIES - Fabrication and assembly of packaging machinery and equipment - Drilling, cutting, welding, machining, planning, assembly by using blue print, use of Crain.

Foot note: Short term contract.

Millwright mechanic
WELDED TUBE OF CANADA - Toronto, ON
September 2010 to April 2011
(Manufacture of steel tube-steel mill) RESPONSIBILITIES - Troubleshoot and maintain hydraulics mechanic, pneumatic components such as actuators, pumps, motors, valves, pipe, hoses, filters, gearboxes, bearing assemblies etc.

Foot note: layoff (steel union).

Industrial Mechanic
MAPLE LODGES FARM - Mississauga onto
July 2010 to September 2010
Responsible for repairs and overhauling of gearboxes, and pumps.

Foot note: temp -moved on to welded tube of Canada.

Industrial Mechanic
COUPE FROID FEDERAL INC - Montréal, QC
April 2007 to April 2008
- Manufacture of steel door frame, window frame, window, draft stoppers. - Responsible for overall maintenance of factory, daily and pm. worked on electric motors, gearboxes, heavy and light stamping m/c. brake press, rivet m/c, spring m/c, roll forming, set up and assembly line.

Foot note: after lay off, due to recession starting in US housing, 2008 to 210 trip back home due to mothers passing and then relocation to Toronto and the transition time, involve in hombre college job search club and start looking for work until 2010.

Industrial Maintenance Mechanic
HANET PLASTICS (Quebec) - st John sure chelio
May 2002 to June 2005
Partial design and complete fabrication of vacuum forming machine (THERMO FORMING) 2years project - Use of all standard machine shop tools and equipment, pluming (air, water, hydraulic). - Prepared and fabricated mould. - Installed, set up and modified vacuum forming machines. - Provided general maintenance of plant equipment, daily pm. - Repair, set up and trouble shoot vacuum formers, and maintenance of film extruders.

foot note : at 2005 to 2007 involve in government of Quebec bilingual program with the level five diploma in French (18 months) and involve in employ Quebec job search club for the balance.
Industrial Maintenance Mechanic (ONT)
IPEX - Toronto, ON
February 1998 to December 2000
Lead hand. - Responsible for the general maintenance of production machinery.
- Worked on variety of hydraulic rams and robotic pipe locator.
- Built two production machines. (Forming and pipe bending)
- Use of all machine shop tools and equipment, welding (MIG, TIG, torch).
- Design unloading system for new built machine.
- Complete responsibility to build and set up for CSA standard don on new pipes (new products).

-Foot note: had to Relocated to Montreal for family issue at 2000 ( dismissed ), become home daddy, separate, went back home,return to Montreal,look for work for job with no French until 2002 .
Industrial/ Maintenance Mechanic
EAGLE ELECTRIC - Toronto, ON
August 1992 to January 1998
Responsible for the maintenance and repair of Automatic Tapping & Screw Inserting equipment (electrical hardware) and fabrication of dyes, worked on injection moulding m/c and compression moulding. Packaging and labellers.

Foot note: company moved to long island New York USA- started at IPEX immediately. NOTE: 1985 to 1992, got involve with Ontario job creation and training program, setting myself up for millwright licence, requirement working in industry for few years, until 1992, after getting red seal, started looking for job.

Education
Mechanical Engineering Design Technology
Northern College of Applied Arts and Technology - Kirkland Lake, ON
1985

Skills
Operating milling, turning, grinding, welding, plumbing equipment (all standard machine shop equipment's and tools) •Excellent communication skills in English and French functional. •Experienced in hydraulics, pneumatics, circuit design, fabrication, modifications, calculations, trouble-shooting and repair of production machinery. •Worked on steel mill conveyor belts, hoists, hot punches, light and heavy stamping machines and presses, dyes, sand blasters, vibrators, center less grinders, ringers, AMP terminating and stripping machines, spot welders, forming machines, automatic tapping (bodyn), injection moulding, compression moulding and extruders building of vacuum forming machines PLC production automatic PLC pipe forming, bending machines and moulds Heaters, conveyor ovens. Shrink wrap, labellers. •Also worked on forming machines and presses.

Contact this candidate
