
GERALDINE J. NAVARRO - TIMBOL
Address: Blk ** Lot 6 Babilonia St. Villa Nova Subd.
Novaliches Quezon City
Contact No. + (63-915*******/+ (63-956*******
Email: ac90bd@r.postjobfree.com

Objective: To seek a career for personal and professional growth and to be impart of company progress.
Potencies: Self motivated, hard working and has an excellent ability in planning, organizing and prioritizing worked over personal matter and computer literate.
Educational Attainment:
Tertiary: Centro Escolar University Manila, Mendiola Manila
- Bachelor of Science Major in Tourism
Secondary: International Christian School, Novaliches Quezon City
Primary: International Christian School, Novaliches Quezon City
Travellers International Hotel Group Inc. Pasay City
Slots Technician/Admin –April 2016- Present
SCHEDULE
Preparing schedule every week for the department
Checking of manpower specially if they have projects
Coordinating changes of schedule to workforce management
MONITORING
Attendance
Schedule
Leave
RECEIVING
NCEA Activity Permit must be done if possible 3 days before the delivery.
Check the S.I and D.R of the delivery.
Physically check the machine and its manufacturing date.
Inform PAGCOR for checking and tagging of machines. (C/o Gen. Coordinator)
For items locally purchased, it should be witness and received by the store.
PULLOUT
Prepare the gate pass signed by the Asset and Cost Control. (3days before)
If machines, there must be a PAGCOR letter. (C/o Gen. Coordinator)
MEI Asset
Monitor BV that are not detected and manage asset especially if there are pullout machines.
CASES at Panel Team
Monitor cases/incident
Assist preparing documents to be submitted at HRIR.
Assist in processing documents for signature.

INVENTORY PERSONNEL
Monitor stocks and make inventory of all parts of slot machines.
Parts issuance
Maintenance of storages
Storekeeper
Travellers International Hotel Group Inc. Pasay City
HR Associate –August 2015- January 2016
Handles SAP System
Updating monthly reports
Assisting employees regarding government benefits
Timekeeping
Filing 201 Files
Counter transaction
SM Mart Inc. SM City North Edsa Quezon City
Customer Service (Gift Registry Assistant) -August 2012- January 2013
Interaction with customer
Updating monthly reports
Updating sales reports
Making account of the customer’s depending on their event
Assisting the guest in choosing on the wish list
Sending the activation of registrant card’s
Coordinating transactions to AIR 21 for delivering items of a registrant
Empress Dental Laboratories Inc. Fort Bonifacio Global Taguig City
HR- Assistant -October 2011- January 2012
Prepares monthly attendance summary, absence, tardiness and draft memo to erring employees.
Facilitate exit interview and route clearance of resigning employees.
Scanning of documents and filing of document in the 201 file.
Handle Time Keeping
Record and update employees leave track.
Route new memoranda to employees to signify conformity.
Create bulletin board and post memoranda and other activities
Receive overtime, under time, leave, irregularity reports, resignation etc.
Coordinate housekeeping guidelines, checks cleanliness in the working area.
Relieves receptionist/ front desk operator in case of absence.
Camacho and Genuino Law Office Fort Bonifacio Global Taguig City
Executive Assistant -August 2009- October 2011
Receiving incoming and outgoing calls
Updating and reporting status cases
Fixing the appointment
Interaction with clients
Preparing the minutes for the meeting
Maintain the office equipment.
Maintain the office supply inventory to be sure adequate supplies are on hand.
Handles petty cash for office indeed.
Filing the documents for the cases
Scheduling of appointments

Personal Information:
Birthday: September 24, 1988
Birth Place: San Juan Metro Manila
Age: 30 y/o
Sex: Female
Religion: Roman Catholic
Citizenship: Filipino
Blood Type: O
Status: Married

Contact this candidate
