
MAHAMADJUBER KAZI **** Lawrence Avenue west
Apartment -102
M6L1B4.
phone- 647-***-****)
ac90fn@r.postjobfree.com
OBJECTIVE
To obtain a position as production supervisor to utilize my skills to the utmost of my ability in contributing to the success of the organization and enhance my skills further in the industry.
SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
Goal-driven University Graduate bachelor of pharmacy with over 5 years of experience in a
Production in fast-paced high-tech environments requiring expertise in high speed Production/Packaging lines, safety, quality, team building, training, cost control and troubleshooting.
Easy going, patient, confident, self starter & effective leader with positive attitude.
Experience working within GMP environment
Great ability to work under high pressure and fast paced environment while maintaining composure
Ability to motivate staff by showing respect and understanding their situation for better, safer and positive work environment
Having knowledge of kaizen,six sigma, LEAN.
Strong knowledge of GMP (Good Manufacturing Practices), HACCP (Hazard Analysis Critical Control Point), WHMIS (Workplace Hazardous Materials Information System) and Lean manufacturing concepts.
Flexible to work rotational or continental shifts also flexible to work all weekends.
Strong computer skills in MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint,SAP.
Strong mathematics skills.
Have Knowledge of shipping receiving and inventory management.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Company Name-APOTEX.INC PRODUCTION TECH 06/12/2016-CURRENT
Responsibilities-:
Dismantle, clean, sanitize and assemble manufacturing equipment according to established SODs to ensure GMP compliance and meet department changeover targets in support of department and productivity goals
Safely operate all required equipment and machinery including those used to manufacture, store, clean and transport production related assets
Conduct in-process testing required in the manufacturing of product
Execute applicable SAP and LIMS transactions accurately and in a timely manner
Effectively process batches within specifications to meet department batch execution targets by ensuring optimal run rates in support of schedule adherence
Complete master batch records and associated production documentation accurately and timely
Ensure the proper selection, care and use of tools, parts and equipment while performing all job related duties
Understand cycle time concepts and sources of unreliability to focus on critical areas of improvement
Support LEAN initiatives and participate in Kaizen events
Perform the samplings and blending in process as required.
Operate computerized control panel/Human Machine Interface (HMI) to monitor the process
Control process start up and shut down
Issue maintenance notifications and prepare equipment for maintenance work orders as required

Company Name- MIMI FOODS TEAM LEAD 26/01/2015-01/12/2016
Responsibilities-:
Manage and handle 10-12 employees in packaging line. Also look after and communicate with machine operator and mixer operator through whole shift.
Checking attendance of employees and give there responsibilities according to priority .
Checking schedule and run line according to priorities.
Pursue Work With Energy And Drive
Ability to function in a fast paced environment and manage multiple priorities
self-managed team player with a positive attitude exhibiting cooperation, communication, flexibility and initiative to acquire functional skills
Ensure employee and product safety and quality, while optimizing operational processes;
Communicate and ensure compliance of Health and Safety, Food Safety / Quality and Productivity standards;
Train and mentor teams in adopting best practices and ensure operational productivity.
Effectively use data on a daily basis to measure and communicate trends; reinforce positive results and initiate corrective actions.
Having strong knowledge of shipping receiving and inventory management.
Having technical knowledge and hands on experience of different type machine.
Utilized available resources, SOPs, monitoring and control.
Packed product with accurate maintenance of GMP records
Working according to sops and achieving the given targets on time or before the time.
Checked for product compliance with GMP and SOPs, to ensure product quality complies the sample color and odour. Analyze the sample to verify the limits as per USFDA.
On-line filling of BMR, Log cards, Other On-line documents as well as document all activities on production list.
Monitoring and maintaining the parameters as per SOP, strictly compliance with cGMP.
To ensure cleanliness of the equipment and surrounding before starting production
Checking Food quality each interval time to control its standard measures.
Checking metal detector test and temperature of product in each given standard time.
Giving updates to upcoming shift about issues and downtime also update in-process and up-coming products.
ACHIVEMENTS=:EMPLOYEE OF THE.MONTH -FEBRUARY 2016/MIMI FOODS
Company Name-ANNETT’S DONUTS MIXER OPERATOR 09/03/2014-20/01/2015
Responsibilities-:
Setting up different cutters and cleaning them by dedicated detergents and putting them there respective areas.
Set up and running the machine, recording data, lift up to 40 lbs. on a consistent basis
Checked for product compliance with GMP and SOPs, to ensure product quality complies the sample color and odour. Analyze the sample to verify the limits as per USFDA.
To ensure cleanliness of the equipment and surrounding before starting production
measuring each and every ingredients accurate manner and mixing in according to given recipe.
Checking Food quality each interval time to control its standard measure.
Escalate issue with supervisor and making maintenance request if required.
Education-:Bachelors of pharmacy

GUJARAT TECHNICAL UNIVERSITY,GUJARAT,INDIA
MEDICENAL CHEMISTRY Organic and Inorganic Chemistry Instrumental methods HUMAN ANATOMY AND PHYSIOLOGY / PHARMACEUTICAL ANANLSIS/ PHARMACEUTICSPHARMACOLOGY / PATHOLOGY / PHARMACOGNOCY .
ONTARIO HIGHER SECONDARY SCHOOL DIPLOMA

Contact this candidate
