
RESUME

NAME REDENTOR L. ROMERO
POSITION APPLIED Operation Manager

Address *** ***** ****** ******** *
Putatan, Muntinlupa City

Contacts Mobile: 091********

e- mail add ac90vv@r.postjobfree.com

CAREER SUMMARY

More than 20 years experienced in Injection Molding Process. I supervise the complete operation of the production plans, schedule, control and overseas production operation to attain production goals of correct product quality, target schedules and quality through effective utilization of material, manpower and machines.

CALAMBA SHINEI INDUSTRY PHILIPPINES CORP.
Block 6 Lot 2 Calamba premiere International Park Batino Calamba City Laguna

COMPANY DESCRIPTION
Calamba Shinei Industry Philippines Corporation engaged in manufacture of semi conductor, electronic and automotive plastic parts.

ISO 9001-2008 / ISO 14001:2004, OSHS 18001

Feb..10,2018 – July 28,2018

Production Manager
Responsibilities and Duties
Responsible for achieving plant safety, quality, and productivity goals (KPI)
Manage production activities and provide direction and support for all shifts
Direct activities of shift supervisors, establish department procedures, determine priorities and secure results through subordinates.
Responsible for employee development, conduct and overall performance of Department.
Drive cost saving initiatives, efficiency gains, and process improvements.
Enforce Company policies, safety standards and quality.
Address employee concerns, resolve problems, train, coach and discipline employees. Make recommendations on hiring and terminations.
Responsible for accurate production reporting and timekeeping
Drive improvements in production efficiencies and ensure efficient labor utilization.
Coordinate with the quality department to address all quality and customer issues
Coordinate with the maintenance and engineering department to ensure all production needs are effectively communicated and addressed
Use plant reporting and accounting systems to ensure cost control, make capital recommendations and deliver cost reductions.
Ensure corrective action investigation and root cause analysis are performed
Organize and lead employee teams to address scrap, quality, safety, and other production issue
SAGARA METRO PLASTIC INDUSTRIAL CORPORATION
SMPIC Special Economic Zone, Brgy. Paciano Rizal Calamba City
Sept. 18, 2017 – Feb. 3, 2018
TUV ISO 9001 & ISO 14001

COMPANY DESCRIPTION
Sagara Metro Plastic Industrial Corporation engaged in manufacture of automotive plastic parts.

Production Manager
Responsibilities and Duties
Provide strong, clear leadership to the production department to ensure it meets or exceeds its Key Performance Indicator (KPI) targets
Ensure that the department and employees meet and follow all external legislative requirements and internal company rules and procedures with regards to health and safety, environmental and hygiene
Direct and promote optimum operational efficiency through the most advantageous mix of equipment, people and space.
Responsible for continuous improvements in output, quality and labor productivity
Ensure the department meets or exceeds its production and budgeted cost targets, whilst achieving the highest standards of service and quality.
Ensure the company meets related targets with respect to manufacturing improvements or Road map projects in time and in full.
Ensures that standard machine settings for all lines are complied to at all times.
Promote and lead Best practices where applicable.
Promote employee development and involvement in lean manufacturing.
Manage employee performance through appraisal system, training supplementation and disciplinary and grievance procedures.
Optimize cost by reducing spoilage and flexing manpower.
Prepare and maintain production reports.
Continually improve safety record by addressing both physical safety issues and employee. Safety attitudes. Maintain and improve housekeeping in all areas.

YEONHO ELECTRONICS MANUFACTURING PHIL’S., INC.
BLK.4 LOT 6-9 PHI FCIE BRGY LANGKAAN DASMARINAS, CAVITE

March 01, 2016 – October 01,2016

COMPANY DESCRIPTION

Yeonho Electronics Manufacturing Phil’s. Inc. engaged in manufacturing of electronics and electrical connectors for home and office appliances such as vcr’s, optical disk drives, computer, television etc.

ISO 9001-2008 / ISO 14001:2004

PRODUCTION INJECTION MOULDING MANAGER

JOB DESCRIPTION:

· Responsible for the activities of production supervisors, team leaders and production technicians, material
controller, machine operators, line inspectors.
· Coordinates with production supervisor and production schedulers to establish work schedules and follows
through to completion.
· Establish and maintain good employee relations and adherence to judicious disciplinary measures when
required.
· Responsible for reviewing and/or administering employee performance evaluations and recommendations of
wage increases.
· Responsible for consistent and fair application of company policies and procedures.
· Responsible for maintaining a safe and clean working environment.
· Support the implementation, achievement, and maintenance of the Quality and Environmental Policies and
Procedures.
· Plan, organize and direct production for plastic injection moulding manufacturing facility to meet or exceed
production goals, in a cost-effective manner.
· Design, develop and implement processes that improve upon the quality process
· Establish key performance indicators through evaluation of raw data, identify potential areas of improvement
· Identify and implement opportunities for continuous improvement
· Coordinate with Production team to establish safety, production, and quality control standards
· To address facility needs related to equipment usage and maintenance
· Provide leadership and communication to team members, promote a work environment based on teamwork,
trust, confidence and accountability

ZELLER PLASTIK PHILIPPINES, INCORPORATION
Bldg. 3 Phil Crest Compound Km. 23, West Service Road, Cupang, Muntinlupa City.

July 2010 to Feb. 28, 2016

COMPANY DESCRIPTION

Zeller Plastik Incorporation is a global closure system company that manufactures plastic caps of J&J, Green Cross, Tupperware, AVON, Splash, Uniliver, Coca-Cola and Pepsi.

ISO 9001-2008

PRODUCTION INJECTION MOULDING SUPERVISOR

JOB DESCRIPTION:

Responsible for implementing production schedules and ensuring the effective and efficient use of manpower, materials and production equipment’s. Plan, lead, organize and control all production activities within the plant within shift to ensure continuous, efficient and economical operations to the desired quantity and quality.

• Troubleshoot and adjust molding parameters to maintain quality and maximum product output
• Lead a team of people in execution of daily production tasks, work scheduling, training,
maintenance and in continuous improvement
• Perform problem-solving to develop corrective actions for customer issues or to initiate continuous
improvement
• Coordinate tooling and equipment availability, repair and maintenance
• Ensure cleanliness and maintains safe work environment within molding department
• Respond to problems by performing corrective technical or mechanical solutions
• Maintain positive employee relations and adhere to Company policies, safety standards, and good
housekeeping practices
• Coordinate with outside vendors regarding maintenance and repair for tooling and equipment
• Implement and manage all maintenance functions, including but not limited to preventive, corrective
and emergency maintenance on all injection molding equipment Physical demands.

SHINLIM INDUSTRIAL CORPORATION
Lot. 1 Block 11, Sepz, Laguna International
Industrial Park, Binan Laguna Philippines

March 3, 1994 to March 2009

ISO 9001-2000

COMPANY DESCRIPTION

ShinLim Industrial Corporation is a manufacturing of various plastic and rubber packaging materials for semiconductor and electronics industries.

PRODUCTION INJECTION MOULDING SUPERVISOR

JOB DESCRIPTION:

• Responsible for the activities of production shift supervisors, production technicians, line inspector, machine
operator, material handler, spray painter.

Supervises all over operation on product process and product quality such as:
-Integrated circuit tray
-Integrated circuit reel
-Telephone case
-Case for electronics parts
-End pin for shipping tubes
-Shipping tubes

Supervises all over operation on process test and quality product in all incoming raw material such as:

-Polysulfone
-Polyethersulfone
-Polycarbonate
-ABS
-Nylon
-Acrylic
-Polyvinyl chloride
-Polystyrene
Responsible for the operation and maintenance of 15-unit injection moulding machine, which are registered from Korea Dong shin.

Supervises over all operation and maintenances of injection moulds which customer are:

-Sanyo Phils. - Maxon Phil’s.
-Texas instrument Phils. - Mitsumi Phil’s.
-Ionic’s Phil’s. - DAE Ryung Phil’s.
-ROHM electronics Phil’s. - Dai Yoon Phil’s.
-Motorola Phil’s. - Zilog Phil’s.

Responsible for the operation and maintenance of different kinds of machines such as:

-Hoist motor 2.5 tons - Granulator machine
-Chiller machine - Mixing machine
-Compressor - Hopper dryers
-Mould controller - Oven machine

Prepare daily production analysis on how to increase productivity and to decrease production losses.
Prepare improvement plan for the weekly total losses and total output analysis
Prepare work instruction for the individual item that already passes for each customer.
Administrating technical training and information to the shift supervisor, operator with regards to safety machine operation, product processing and product quality.

TRADESPHERE INDUSTRIAL COMMODITIES, INCORPORATION
Km. 16 south Super H-way
Paranaque, Metro Manila Phil’s.

Sept. 16, 1993 to Mar. 01, 1994

PRODUCTION SHIFT SUPERVISOR

ISO 9001-2008

COMPANY DESCRIPTION

Trade sphere Industrial Commodities Incorporation is a Manufacturing of various plastic packaging materials for electronics, Medical parts, and beverages. Other services offered designed and mold fabrication.

JOB DESCRITION

Supervises over all operation on product processing and product quality such as:

-Bottle - Cassette cases
-Caps - Audio, Video parts
-Lens Cover - Frames
-Tray - Cabinet

Responsible for the operation and maintenance of 20 units injection molding machines and 5 units blow moldings machines such as:

-Kawaguchi Injection Moulding Machine
-J. S. W. Injection Moulding Machine
-Toshiba Injection Moulding Machines
-Nigata Injection Moulding Machines

Supervises over all operation on process test and product quality in all material such as:

-Polystyrene - Acrylic
-low density polyethelyn - Polycarbonate
-high density polyethelyn - Polyproplene
-ABS

Prepare daily production report and submit it to the production manager
Constantly keeping problems may arise in the daily production
Conduct orientation to the production operator regarding accepted quality product.

ALSHARK PLASTIC AND PAPER FACTORY
Riyadh, Kingdom of Sandi Arabia

July 11, 1991 to Aug. 12, 1993

MOULD SETTER

COMPANY DESCRIPTION

AL shark Plastic and Paper Factory is one of the Biggest Company Production all kinds of plastic and Paper other Services mould design, Fabrication, and repair.

JOB DESCRIPTION

Responsible for mounting and dismounting of different kinds of moulds
Responsible for the actual parameter setting for each item.
Report to the production supervisor all the problem encountered regarding poor quality and low quantity
Perform test mould together with the production supervisor which ensure the quality are on the standard specification.
Perform test various incoming raw material such as:

-ABS - Polystyrene
-H.D.P.E. - Polycarbonate
-L.D.P.E. - Polypropylene
-Acrylic - Polyvinyl Chloride

FIL – YAMADA CO., LTD. INC.
Laspinas, Metro Manila Phil’s.

March 2, 1990 to June 30, 1991

LEADMAN OPERATOR

COMPANY DESCRIPTION

Fil-Yamada Co., Ltd. Inc. is a manufacturing of Plastic packaging for jewelry case.

JOB DESCRIPTION

Report directly to the production manager in line activity
Coordinates with quality control regarding problem on the production line.
Responsible for evaluation analysis, testing of mould products prior to mass production.

-Inspection of incoming raw material and returned delivery product.
-Coordinates with the mould technician regarding mould problem encountered during operation.
-Coordinate with the machine technicians regarding machine problems
-See to it the operator is working in good condition as well the machines are working in good condition.

ECO PLASTIC, PHILI’S
Bagong Tanyag Taguig
Metro Manila, Phil’s.

Feb. 01, 1989 to Feb. 07, 1990

CADET ENGINEER

COMPANY DESCRIPTION

Eco Plastic is a manufacturing of Plastic Packaging for foods, beverage and mould design

JOB DESCRIPTION

Reports to maintenances manager for further instruction on task for the day.
Executes assigned tasks with minimum supervisor and with the aid of standard operation manual and process documentation.
Coordinates with supervisor and update the incoming adjustment machines parameters setting
Perform parameter adjustment on machines with newly mounted mould and with quality problems
Prepare daily production analysis on how to increase productivity and to decrease production codes.

PERSONAL INFORMATION

Age : 56 yrs old
Place of Birth : Rosario, Pasig City, Phil’s.
Citizenship : Filipino
Religion : Roman Catholic
Status : Married
Sex : Male
Height : 165 cm.
Weight : 60 kgs.
Language : English, Pilipino

EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT

Primary : Bayanan, Elementary School
Muntinlupa City Phil’s
1976

Secondary : Jacobo Z. Gonzales Memorial
School of Arts and Trades
Binan, Laguna Phil’s
1980

College : FEATI University
Sta. Cruz, Manila Phil’s
1985

Course : Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering

PRC License : Registered Electrical Engineer
License No. 0063509
June 1987 – June 2020

Driving Experience: Professional Driver

Member of Institute of Integrated Electrical Engineer s of the Philippines Inc.

TRAINING / SEMINARS

ISO 9001 - 2000 Introductory Course Oct. 8, 11, 2002
ISO 9001 - 2000 Documentary Course Oct. 18, 19, 2002
ISO 9001 - 2000 Internal Audit Course Oct. 24, 26, 2002
Fire Drill Training May 15-16, 2007
Designing and Conducting Training Need
Analysis October 22, 2010

NC and CAPA Workshop June 6-7, 2011
Risk Management Workshop September 13, 2011
Hazard Analysis Critical Points (HACCP) April 20, 2012
Food Safety Management System May 18-19, 2012
8 –Discipline Problem Solving Problem January 30, 2013
ISO 22000:2010 Food Safety System Certification May 12-15, 2012
Statistical Process Control Dec.7 -14, 2012
Advanced Excel 2010 Oct.16-17, 2013
7 Habits of highly Effective People Jan.14, 2014
Good Manufacturing Practice Sept.20-23,2104
Labor relations Oct, 1,2014
Safety Training for Executives, Managers, Supervisors Nov. 22,2011
Statistical Process Control Dec. 7,14, 2012
Ergonomics Oct.5, 2014

CHARACTER REFERRENCE:

Mr Perry Ellison Astig Communication Group Inc. VP Operation 091*-***-****

Ms.Gatz Gatil Yeonho Electronics Manufacturing Inc. HR Manager 046*******

Mr. Kye Soo Lee Shin Lim Industrial Corporation VP Operation 049*******

Ms. Jona C. Brizuela Calamba Shinei Industry Phil’s. Corp. Assistant Manager 049*******

Contact this candidate
