
CONTACT Montreal, Quebec. **** Rue
Plessis, H*L*X1
E-mail: ac90e4@r.postjobfree.com
Website: www.linkedin.com/in/oswaldo-garcia-
padilla-ab7073139
Phone: 438-***-****
SUMMARY Bachelor of Industrial Engineering (Universidad Católica Andrés Bello, Caracas, Venezuela)
Work on the proposal presented for the final thesis in response to the need to improve the performance of the production system installed in the company, reducing losses in the use of their resources and work methods that ensure consistency in the results productive, thus ensuring, satisfy the demand of its customers at a minimum cost. Modeling for decision making: Represents real-life situations through manufacturing data to effectively support decision-making based on a stated objective and maintain manufacturing technical sequence.
Formulate engineering projects: Formula, plan and evaluate engineering projects effectively in different organizational environments, actively participating in interdisciplinary work center at finding solutions with ethical sense. Qualified to handle forklift cp propane and electronic by LIFT Formation for the period between 15/September/2018 until 15/September /2020. Currently in the process of waiting for the equivalence of my industrial engineer diploma by immigration Canada.
COMPUTER
SKILLS
CAD Systems AutoCAD 2D & 3D (in progress) Office Software - Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Adobe Acrobat, MS Project. Starting in Macros and Vlookups. LANGUAGES Spanish: Mother tongue.
English: Advance level. Complete professional competence. French: Intermediate level of the French Alliance, however willing to improve. WORK
EXPERIENCE
Jamones Curados Jacusa February of 2017 — June of 2017 Lander & Vera August of 2017 — October of
2017
Assistant production manager
My work in the company consisted in developing the standardization of the present production lines, in order to start a process of optimization of them and thus improve the capacity of the machines, which would lead to the decrease of waiting time, which consisted in understanding how they work and to elaborate a series of process diagrams to locate the points in which the program can be defined. In addition, the reduction in the loss of kg product along the lines.
Thesis
My work in this company was the realization of my special work of degree, which consisted in proposing improvements in the four lines of packaging of a alcoholic drinks company. In this sense, a score of 19 out of 20 was obtained. Oswaldo José García Padilla
Oswaldo José García Padilla 1
Geloso Beverage Group April 2018 — August 2018
Courchesne Larose September 2018 — January 2019
Heroux Devtek January 2019 — Present
Production Line Assistant
Filler operator and assisting in the operation of the rest of the production line, specifically in the packing machine brand Zambelli.
Electric pallet truck operator
Through the use of the electric pallet truck, the food orders requested by the system are collected in order to be delivered in the designated area. Production Assistant Shipping receiving
In charge of the reception and the arrangements of shipments of mechanical parts related to the landing system of certain aircraft models, therefore it is used forklifts and other mechanical instruments in order to complete it. In addition, computerized orders are used with which the preparation or guided recitation for said piece is carried out. ACADEMIC
PROJECTS
Design of proposals to improve production in the packaging lines of a company producing alcoholic beverages for mass consumption located in the state of Aragua.
Worked in a group composed of 2 members on the design of proposals for the packaging lines of the Lander & Vera plant, which is a company dedicated to the production of alcoholic beverages.
The present situation is described, the historical data of the company was collected referring to the frequencies and times of stops for the periods of February-July. Interviews were conducted with supervisors and operators of the production area, to obtain information based on experience, to identify packaging problems for the lines. The root causes of the associated problems were determined such as the delays in the starter and the labeler, in addition, particular causes were identified in the lines. to make the improvement proposals, the factors that intervene in the packaging process were identified.
A set of improvements were proposed, increasing controls and supervision over the production process, establishing formats for the standardization of procedures and the recording of events that interfere with the production process and also a proposal was presented applying the SMED technique for the change of format, achieving an estimated reduction in time of 43%, additionally presented with respect to the line start process, which allowed an estimated reduction in time of 40%. Regarding the labeling machines, a change was offered regarding the working method and the roll size of the labels, expecting this a decrease in the frequency and times of stops. Finally, the Implementation of the ERP for better production control. VOLUNTEERING
WORK
Caracas, Venezuela. From July to September of 2017 Helped a social area to design the security plans where kids receive lessons from social workers. Autocad plans were made in order to show which areas present danger and also how is the situation with basic services as electricity and light. Oswaldo José García Padilla 2
EDUCATION Industrial Engineer September of 2011 — October of 2017
Bachelor of Science September of 2005 — July of
2010
Autocad (2D,3D,RENDER) and
SolidWorks
November of 2017 — November
of 2018
Ms Project November of 2017 — November
of 2018
Universidad Católica Andrés Bello
Relevant Courses: Supply chain management, project management, hygiene and industrial security, production systems, plant design, business administration, simulation techniques, methods engineering, human capital management. Private Educational Unit School "Mater Dei"
NetCurso
-Fundamental characteristics and precise techniques of AutoCAD to create, edit and print 2D drawings. Present the visually detailed plans and also features and advanced 3D commands and techniques to generate renderings
NetCurso
Design of a base project, data entry and maintenance. Implementation, development and monitoring. Analysis of variables that occur during the actual execution of the project with respect to the initial programming.
QUALIFICATIONS Oriented to meet the goals: disciplined,enthusiastic and driven to success. Analytical: Use of method engineering in order to get the most logical and correct response.
Leadership: Proactive with a great sense of responsibility, able to lead and work with a team.
Presentation skills; excellent techniques of public speaking and negotiation. INTERESTS I have a strong orientation toward issues related to the global economy and how these influence our lives. as well as being aware of the new technologies that are being carried out in the industrial field i order to apply them in the development of my career professional as well as the use of industrial engineering methods employed efficiently. REFERENCES Scarlet Estrada who works in Cisco as Customer Experience - Renewals Manager. Professional references available upon request.
Oswaldo José García Padilla 3

Contact this candidate
