
SIGNOR T. MANIPON
Al Mansoura, Doha, Qatar
E-mail address: ac90xq@r.postjobfree.com
Contact number: +974-****-****
Desired Position:
EXECUTIVE SECRETARY/ DOCUMENT CONTROLLER
Objective
To be accepted in a company or institution where I could tap my potentials in my continuing pursuit for professional and personal advancement as a contributory factor for the development of said company or institution.
Employment History
●December 07, 2013 to present
Executive Secretary / Document Controller (Head Office) GENCO QATAR WLL - Doha, Qatar
(member of AL SARH HOLDING GROUP)
Principal Duties and Responsibilities
-Responsible for supporting high-level executives and management or entire departments. Provides administrative support and performs numerous duties, including scheduling, writing correspondence, emailing, handling visitors, routing callers, and answering questions and requests.
Provide administrative and clerical support to departments or individuals.
Schedule meetings and arrange conference rooms.
Alert manager about cancelations or new meetings.
Manage travel and schedule.
Handle information requests.
Prepare correspondence and stuff mail into envelopes.
Arrange for outgoing mail and packages to be picked up.
Greet and receive visitor.
Prepare confidential and sensitive documents.
Coordinates office management activities.
Determine matters of top priority and handle accordingly.
Maintain office procedures.
Operate office equipment such as fax, photocopy machine and scanner.
Coordinate committees and task forces.
Relay directives, instructions and assignment to Engineers.
Receive and relay telephone messages.
Direct the general public to the appropriate staff member.
Maintain hard copy and electronic filing system.
●February 01, 2013 to October 08, 2013
Engineering-Maintenance Dept. /Document Controller Syngenta Phillipines
Seed Processing Unit
Brgy. Sumabnit, Binalonan, Pangasinan, Philippines Principal Duties and Responsibilities
-Prepare Work permits (Hot Work Permit, High Voltage Access Permit, Confined Space Access Permit etc.).
-Receive, record and file all Job Order Forms, delivery receipts for materials, tools or Equipments and consumables.
-Prepare Weekly and Monthly Inventory for tools & equipments. Ordering Stocks and spares.
-Perform Daily, Weekly and Monthly Preventive Maintenance Schedule on all areas of the site- Intake, Dryer, Sheller and Processing/Packaging including site offices.
-Execute run tests on fire alarms and leak test on LPG tank and pipes every week.
-Perform Job Orders or work assignment as directed by the Eng'g-Maint. Supervisor or Dept. Manager.
-Operation of Generator Set in times of power interruption, changing the power supply for normal operation.
-Attend Safety seminars.
●November 30, 2008 to August 14, 2009
Engineering Document Controller / QAQC Computer Operator Sungwon Corporation, Dubai UAE
THE CUBE, DUBAI SPORTS CITY Project
Dubai Sports City, Dubai UAE
Principal Duties and Responsibilities
-File and maintain the existing Engineering/QAQC documents together with incoming documents, in an orderly and controlled manner.
-Receive, record and file all incoming documents, inspection requests/testing and procedure distribution copies.
-Prepare Documents Transmittal and inspection requests and issue copies as requested or upon instruction of the Documentation or QAQC Engineer.
-Ensure the issued copies being used by the recipient personnel is the current revision and to collect any superseded documents and replace it with the latest issues.
-Ensure accurate maintenance of master duplication and transmittal status logs and inspection results and permits at all times.
-Perform other work assignment as directed by the Documentation or QAQC Engineer.
-Can operate facsimile machine, photocopy machine, plotter for big drawings such as Sizes A0, A1, A2 to A3.
●January 2008 to June 2008
Document Controller III (Engineering Department)
Mohammad Al-Mojil Group (MMG)
IBN RUSHD PET Conversion & DBN Project
Yanbu, Al-Sinaiyah, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
●March 2007 to December 2007
Document Controller (Engineering/Project Controls Department) Mohammad Al-Mojil Group (MMG)
Yanbu Petrochemical Complex Ethylene Glycol – 1(YAEG-1) Yanbu, Al-Sinaiyah, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
●May 2006 to March 2007
Document Controller (Engineering Department)
Mohammad Al-Mojil Group (MMG)
K-040 Port Site Preparation Project
Yanbu, Al-Sinaiyah, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
(Finished Project)
Educational Background
●Tertiary Level (1997- 2001)
Don Mariano Marcos Memorial State University – MLUC, San Fernando La Union B. S. Electrical Engineering
●Secondary Level (1993 – 1997)
Don Mariano Marcos Memorial State University Lab. High School - MLUC
●Primary Level (1987 – 1993)
Urbiztondo Elementary School, San Juan La union
References
●Engr. Eyad Ghafra
GENCO General Manager – 66483556
GENCO QATAR WLL - Doha, Qatar
(a member of AL SARH HOLDING GROUP)
Personal Data
Sex: Male
Birthday: July 16, 1980
Age: 38 yrs. Old
Status: Married
Character traits: Flexible and willing to be trained Certificates are available upon request.

Contact this candidate
