
ANTHONY D. NEAL
McDonough, GA
616-***-****
Email: ac903z@r.postjobfree.com

Electrical Engineer

I'm a dynamic, enthusiastic, team-spirited Electrical Engineer. I'm offering qualifications which consist of experience in the manufacturing field also software programming ability and knowledge. With expanding knowledge in pneumatic and hydraulics. A versatile professional looking to bring strategic change and enhancement to meet organizational goals.

SKILLS
Electronics:
●AC/DC Electronics
●Inverters and frequency drivers
●Construct integrated circuits
●Oscilloscopes, digital multimeters, RF Generators
●Troubleshoot, diagnose and repair electronics
●Read and interpret blueprints, technical drawings and schematics
●Capacitors / Microcontrollers
●Dip Switches
●Transistors
●Bread Boards
●Modern Wireless Communications
●Interfacing Disciplines

Software:
●Windows 2000/7/XP / Windows Server 2003
●Allen Bradley/ C/C++ Programming
●Excel/ PowerPoint/ Outlook/ Microsoft Word
●Bendex and Labod (German Software)
Personal:
●Creativity, verbal and written communication skills
●Learns new technology and skills at an accelerated rate
●Strong work ethic
●Dedicated and loyal employee
●Team Player and detailed oriented
●Exceptional ability to learn and adapt quickly
●Motivated Self-Starter and ability to work independently

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

RAS Systems, Peachtree, GA May 2018-Current
Field Service Engineer
A Mid-Level Field Engineer with the ability to test, operate and troubleshoot Electrical and Mechanical products such as Bending, Cutting and Forming Machines which operate at voltages 220 and 480 Volts 3 phase equipment. Knowledge of the NEC Standards for the testing of electrical/mechanical components, also specific firmware functions are required for the commissioning of RAS machines. I also assist and support the Sales Engineers with transition and the installation as well as advise of service problems that may indicate design deficiencies of the product to outsource companies/factories.
●Direct and Inspect equipment Installation, training, preventative maintenance and the repair of robotic and mechanical bending equipment on-site world-wide
●Diagnose trouble and correcting of customers equipment such as adjustments, parts replacements, timing and synchronization of mechanism being electrical, mechanical, or hydraulic. All to minimize customer cost due to workflow stoppages
●Product testing of equipment under actual operating conditions and application to the customer’s product
●Familiarity with PLC/PC-based control with I/O racks and touchscreen HMI’s
●Provide technical advice to world-wide client base in the manufacturing industries
●Promote good customer relations

Southern States, Hampton, GA. May 2011-April 2018
Machine Operator/ Assembly Specialist
An organized professional Machine Operator/ Assembly Specialist with expertise in performing control assembly operations to mass-produce SF-6 devices and sub-assemblies by operating and troubleshooting production machinery and computers for manufacturing production.
●Position and secure components on assembly mechanism to begin wiring of assembly harness following specific drawing layouts created with auto cad design
●Inspects and measures parts precisely to ensure specified quality
●Create documented reports of all testing, data collection and conclusions
●Prepare components in specified relationship to one another following schematic/blueprints also following the Bill of material (BOM) as needed
●After thorough troubleshooting, reworks, repairs are achieved through replacing of faulty components
●Perform work in work station where multiple tasks vary as models progress through production processes until completion
●calibration and testing of equipment
●Implement lock out tag out on all lab equipment failures in a timely manner.
● Support and work cross-functionally with various operational groups, including engineering, manufacturing, account teams, as well as customers.
●Assist with test design suggestions for test sample performance with our Application Engineering Department.

Herman Miller, Inc., Spring Lake, MI. July 2010 – March 2011 & Sept. 2007-Oct. 2008
Fabrication Assistant
A highly gifted Fabrication Assistant with a strong background in using welding equipment to fuse metal parts of equipment and machinery. Responsible for making simple metal articles and repairing metal parts of machines and equipment.
●Strong knowledge of mechanical systems
●Remarkable ability to diagnose problems and determine appropriate action.
●Solid skills in use of hand and power tools.
●Knowledge of appropriate safety practices.
●Strong ability to read (Schematics, blueprints, technical manuals, work orders), write (materials requests), and accurately follow oral, written, and graphic instructions.
●Review layouts, diagrams, or work orders in preparation for cutting metal components, as well as Standard Operating Procedures (SOP)
●Inspect finished work piece for conformance to specifications

Steelcase Inc., Grand Rapids, MI. Jan. 2007-June 2007
Powder Paint Assistant
Immensely creative and resourceful Powder Paint Assistant Operator with expertise in using machines to apply coating or finish to any of a wide variety of items/materials, such as wood/wood products, ceramics, and glass
●Ability to inspect and evaluate the quality of furniture production powder paint
●Exceptional knowledge of the design and uses of machines and tools, including their repair and maintenance.
●Sound knowledge of the uses of chemicals and their interactions, danger signs, production techniques, and disposal methods
●Ability to effectively control the operations of equipment and systems.
●Strong ability to monitor gauges, dials, and other indicators to ensure that a machine is working effectively and efficiently.

Verizon Wireless, Grand Rapids, MI July 1998-April 2006
Team Lead Technician
A highly trained Team Lead Technician dedicated to carrying out proper fault diagnosis to improve the quality of the device. Adequate exposure to RF amplifier development in order to demonstrate my experience with power amplifier module required for amplifier test and characterization.
●Trained newly hired technicians for repair of cellular devices
●Above average electrical engineering skills
●Ability to troubleshoot problems/issues of cellular devices
●Analyzed problems/malfunctions of the device before proceeding with repairs (Test and Error)
●Good oral and written communication skills to deal with customers
●Skilled at directing and coaching others to do their most productive work
●On-site traveling experience to diagnose and resolve Verizon Wireless products.

EDUCATION

Associates Degree in Electrical Engineering, 1997
ITT Technical Institute, Grand Rapids, MI

Bachelor’s Degree in Electrical Engineering, 2016
ITT Technical Institute, Atlanta, GA

**REFERENCES FURNISHED UPON REQUEST**

Contact this candidate
