
Gary Rothwell
ac91fb@r.postjobfree.com
618-***-****
RothwellGary.com
www.linkedin.com/in/garyrothwell
OBJECTIVE
To secure a position that utilizes my twenty-five plus years of experience within the Manufacturing industry.
SUMMARY
• Experienced in supervisor of production and material control including scheduling, expediting and tracking inventory.
• Managed multiple tasks simultaneously with proven ability to work well in a fast-paced environment.
• Demonstrated strong customer focus.
• Computer skills: MS Excel, Word, Power Point, AS400, Mapics, Friedman ERP (SAP) EXPERIENCE
• Purchased/ ordered and maintained inventory at appropriate levels for all assigned parts.
• Created and managed purchase orders.
• Planned, scheduled, coordinated material production start dates, prioritized work-in-process and expedited as needed to meet shipment schedule utilizing Microsoft Excel.
• Analyzed MRP report to identify and fix discrepancies.
• Expedite material shortages.
• Managed start schedules and provided measurements to management reflecting manufacturing's actual performance to schedule.
• Communicated reschedule of material deliveries to internal customers in timely manner.
• Developed and analyzed reports; production capacity, sales average, on time performance and usage forecasts.
• Worked with Engineers, Accounting, Manufacturing Managers, Document Control and shipping/receiving to resolve any issues on work orders, purchase orders and bills of material.
• Identified excess and obsolete materials and made decisions to scrap or hold for future use.
• Structured Bills of Material to ensure MRP integrity.
• Created product yield report for tracking of product performance utilizing Excel.
• Processed invoices, journal entries and purchase orders. WORK HISTORY SUMMARY
August 2016 – Present
Antolin Nashville
PAB Chute Welder Operator
Utilize a ultrasonic welding system to join the Passenger Upper with the Passenger Air Bag Chute (PAB). Identify SCEs in a continuous process, ensuring that the safety barriers are in place and effective, in alignment with the specific performance standards. March 2014 – August 2016
Innertech Nashville
Production Supervisor
Supervises employees in the injection mold production department. Responsible for the overall direction, and coordination of the unit. Carries out supervisory responsibilities in accordance with the organization's policies and applicable laws. Responsibilities include; planning, assigning, and directing work; appraising performance; addressing complaints and resolving problems. July 2013 – March 2014
Underwood Ammo
Manufacturing Associate
Manufacturing of small caliber ammunition. Setup and repair of assembly machines according production schedule. Receive incoming component orders, as well as ship customer orders. November 2012 – July 2013
Staff Management (Temp) @ Nascote Industries, Inc., Magna Exteriors Material Handler
Material movement of finished goods and wip materials in the plant. Use computer systems to document and record transactions and print labels. Inventory accuracy when shipping, receiving, or any material movement. Perform housekeeping tasks on a daily basis. Responsible for serving both internal and external customers for staging of materials and/or final products. Remain current in necessary training programs according to the Warehouse classification of the official company training matrix. November 2009 – April 2012
Dorma Architectural Hardware
Production Scheduler
Duties included, but not limited to, reviewing and distributing production, work, and shipment schedules; conferring with department supervisors to determine progress of work and completion dates; and compiling reports on progress of work, inventory levels, costs, and production problems. This position required scheduling production, purchasing, negotiating prices with vendors and coordinating shipping and receiving.
October 2004 – November 2009
General Dynamics - Ordnance and Tactical Systems
Quality Specialist
Developed and implemented quality assurance standards, processes, and controls. Develop methods for inspection, testing, sampling, and training. Evaluate production capabilities and recommend improvements.
November 2002 – October 2004
Winkle Baptist Church
Youth Director/ Office Manager
Supplied administrative support services to pastor, professional groups, and organizational departments. Assembled and analyzed complex information or data. Described results in a written report. Used independent judgment in completing activities and operated under minimal supervision. Oversaw administrative procedures and processes for assigned areas. Helped with budget preparation and control. Acted as a administrative liaison with external sources. August 1996 – November 2002
Cerro Copper Products Co.
Machine Operator
Copper tube drawing machine (reducer) operator, standard tube mill operations. July 1993 - August 1996
Gilster Mary-Lee Corp.
Shipping/Receiving Clerk
Received incoming and shipped outgoing materials, products, or supplies. Count items received or shipped and checked against packing lists, recording any discrepancies. Prepared receiving or shipping reports and notes any shortages or damages.
June 1989 - July 1993
Capital City Distribution Inc.
Materials Coordinator
Responsible for ordering materials via Epicor platform system. Duties include purchasing materials, processing requisitions, soliciting and tracking pricing and shipping information, placing and expediting orders with vendors, data entry, verification of receiving reports and maintenance of office suppliers. EDUCATION
Graduate - Sparta High School Sparta, IL
SKILLS
Safety Critical Elements (SCEs), Vendor Relationships, Inventory Control, Purchasing, ERP, MRP, Discrete Manufacturing, Scheduling, Production Planning, Purchase Orders, Value stream mapping, Kanban, Kaizen, Communication, Contract Negotiation, Office Management, Microsoft Office, Inventory Management, Bill of Materials, Materials, Material Flow, TPS, OSHA Forklift Certification, Bill of Lading, Shipping, Christian Ministry, Creative Direction, Office Equipment, Lean Thinking, Mapics, Adobe Creative Suite, Corel Draw, Inventory, AS400 system. Formally certified as CPIM, CQIA and MOUS.

Contact this candidate
