
CURRICULUM VITAE

R.Rahul
Chennai, India
Mob: +919*********
E-mail: ac92qp@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Experienced manufacturing professional skilled in operating grinders, lathes and various CNC machines in fast-paced production and maintenance environments Dependable and reliable with expertise in monitoring telemetry, changing out tooling and loading materials.

WORK HISTORY

CNC Machinist, 02/2015-10/2018
REFCO METALS LLC- DUBAI UAE

●Studied changing production and daily work orders to adjust offsets correctly.
●Increased production efficiency by closely studying blueprints for accurate machine programming.
●Closely monitored equipment to detect and report malfunctions and prevent accident.
●Manually set up machinery and equipment, which included, job offset and grinders.
●Manufacturing high precision alloy components for automotive application.
●Manufacturing Roof System Guide Rails.
●Have experience in CNC machines(DUGARD).
●Know some kind of trouble shooting in CNC machines.
●Have experience to operate CNC machines in time to reach target.
●Also have knowledge to handle press and bending machines.
●Good communication skills and have experience to work with group and to handle manpower.

MACHINE OPERATOR, 07/2011-10/2014
VISTEON PLANT - Tamilnadu India

●Manufacturing some auto-components& Interior product like Instrument panel for Hyundai Company.
●Manufacturing Door Trim and Pull cup panel for Ford Figo.
●Very good experience in vibration welding machines for trouble shooting and new programs optimization (BRANSON made).
●Very good knowledge about Airbag Milling Scoring machine Trouble shooting(Geiss)
●Set accurate feed rates and trimming protocols to maintain efficient production and meet schedule demands.
●Maintained equipment performance by completing routine maintenance actions such as lubricating and cleaning components.

SKILLS
●Machine Set Up
●Assembly and Production
●Numerical controls understanding
●Profound ability to manage schedule.
●Strong knowledge of working and operating the machines and Robot welding.
●Exceptionally good profile ability with the work done in fast-paced environment with zero defects.
●Capable of handling a diversity of responsibilities simultaneously.
●Good communication skills.

KNOWLEDGE:
●CNC Manual Programming
●MASTERCAM

EDUCATION:
Diploma: Electrical,Electronics and Communications Engineering 2011
S.A Rajas Polytechnic College- Vadakankulam TN.

PERSONAL DETAILS

Nationality : India
Marital Status : Single
Gender : Male
Date of birth : 15-10-1992
Languages Known :English, Malayalam, Tamil and Hindi
Passport Details : Passport No. M2662357
: Date of issue: 07-10-2014
: Date of expiry: 06-10-2024
: Place of issue: Madurai

DECLARATION:
I hereby declare that all the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief and I shall provide the original of the same when required.

Respectfully,

(RAHUL.R)

Contact this candidate
