
Cell: 956-***-****
E-mail: ac92y0@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Summary and Objective
I am a detail-oriented, energetic, and hardworking individual. I possess a strong interpersonal attribute in both English and Spanish, and I’ve been in the design and manufacturing industry since 2001. In most of this time, I’ve worked as a Mechanical Designer using SolidWorks and AutoCad to develop skids, process piping, platforms, tanks and sheet metal components for the Oil, Gas and Energy Industries. I have knowledge in GD&T, and I can correctly structure bills of material for assemblies and weldment products. I am currently look for a company where I can use my 15 years plus of experience effectively and also, I want to grow with the company.

Experience
GQ Design Solutions Llc Houston, TX

Design and Manufacturing Consultant
January 2016 to Present
Create 3D models of parts and assemblies.
Create detail drawings for manufacturing.
Create and revise Bills of Material (BOM).
Product design and development (mechanical, Architectural).
Reverse engineering.
Product development management (EPDM).
Simplified complex specifications into logical design requirements for production.
Monitored design processes from conceptual phase through construction.
Designed machined parts and sheet metal parts in 3-D CAD.
Recommended design modifications to eliminate machine and system malfunctions.
Analyzed data and provided recommendations which resulted in adoption of new cost-saving equipment.
Analyzing and designing mechanical equipment and components.
Reviewed engineering documentation to determine the order of construction operations.
Designed and developed weldment structure.

National Oilwell Varco
Tank Design Manager Conroe, TX September 2012- December 2015
Be in direct contact with the customer to maintain proper product development.
Be in direct contact with vendors to ensure that proper product is being produced.
Visit customer to maintain a good customer relationship.
Ensure that all designers are on schedule with the task given and assisted when needed.
Reviewed all designs and drawings prior to sending to customer for approval.
Assisted employees on various design techniques and requirements.
Analyzed our product design and capabilities.
Mentor less experienced Designers.
Creates scalable configurations of skid package equipment and delivers drawings in the new format.
Solids Control System Designer / Equipment Designer Drafter
Design mud tank system utilizing Solid Works and Auto Cad software.
Generate 3D models for customer approval.
Setup and Prepare drawings for shop production.
Translates old designs to Solidworks and retain legacy project information.

G&H Diversified
Programmer/ Drafter Houston, TX June 2011 –September 2012
Setup and Prepare CAD files for the Laser Cutting Machines utilizing TRU TOPS, By Base, By Soft, and Tube Design.
Setup and Prepare CAD assemblies for welding utilizing AutoCAD, Inventor, and Solid Works.
Process all incoming CAD files / orders for production.
Maintain proper file organization.
Assist in product development.
Assist/verify documentation for production.
Inspect parts for defects and make adjustments accordingly.

Enviroflex Design & Manufacturing Houston, TX Laser operator /service tech November 2009 – June 2011
Operate laser cutting machine to a high-quality standards.
Maintain laser cutting machines (2) units.
Troubleshooting equipment (Lasers).
Inspect laser cut parts for quality.
Organized materials for various upcoming jobs.

Humanetics II
Lean Manufacturing Process Manager McAllen, TX October 2007 – October 2009
Supervise, manage and train personnel in lean manufacturing.
Setup workstations to a one-piece flow manufacturing design.
Analyze the process and reduce waste.
Reduce work in process.
Reduce scrap and rework.
Reduce lead time.
Eliminate over production of product.
Increase product throughput.
Minimize defected product from ever reaching the customer.
Laser Production Lead
Ensure high quality product for the customer.
Supervise, manage and train personnel.
Prepare jobs and maintain schedules.
Supervise employees and the equipment.
Review work orders and schedule equipment for cutting processes.
Organized materials for various upcoming jobs.
Organized maintain and restock inventory.

Northern Plains Steel Fargo, ND
February 2002-October 2007
Laser operator /service tech
Operate laser cutting machine to a high-quality standard.
Maintain laser cutting machines (5) units.
Troubleshooting equipment (Lasers).
Inspect laser cut parts for quality.
Assist in the company’s safety committee.
Organized materials for various upcoming jobs.

Education
ITT Technical Institute Houston, TX
Associate of Applied Science in Computer Drafting & Design
Currently pursuing a BS degree Mechanical Engineering

Skills
Bilingual (Spanish/English).
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills and leadership abilities.
Possess good analytical skills and the ability to use a variety of precision measuring instruments.
Solidworks, Auto Cad, Inventor.
Machine assembly.
Machine design.
Project Management.

Certifications
University of Texas-Pan American UTPA
oLean enterprise
South Texas College
oLeadership skills for supervisors 1 & 2
oComputer numerical controls inmt 1045.601
oBasic electric wiring
oOSHA Workplace Safety (OSHA 1003.601 )
oFirst aid (EMSP1026.601)

Northern Plains Steel /John Deer
oRoot cause analysis training
o Lean manufacturing

Contact this candidate
