
Dan Riffe
Page * of *
Owensboro, Kentucky ac928l@r.postjobfree.com
PM/Construction Manager
Owner Representative ● Field Engineering ● Sr. Civil/Structural Designer Results oriented Construction Specialist with 30+ years hands-on/boots on the ground progressive experience in civil, structural, fabrication, design, tooling, machining, maintenance, troubleshooting, just to name a few. Possess leadership skills with a do-it-right-the-first-time attitude and a results oriented mind-set, as well as interpersonal relations, negotiation, and written and verbal communication abilities. “Can do” attitude with full lifecycle project management, a hands-on approach & with demonstrated proposal/contract development. Possess an influencer- transactor mind-set of communicating their message with combining true thoughtful analysis along with the driven pursuit of goals. Enjoys challenges and can be relied upon to deliver results. Construction Projects:
Aluminum Roll Facility, Continuous Annealing Line with Pre-Treatment (CALP)
Food and Beverage, Breweries
Grain Facilities, Paper Mills
Tacoma, WA. Bridge, Chicago Transit (CTA), Parks and Recreation
Commercial/Industrial Buildings/Structures, Medical City Dallas parking decks, Possum Kingdom Dam retro
Water Treatment & Sewer Treatment Plant retro’s across the USA (civil/structural)
Oil & Gas Plants (structural/piping), Oil & Gas Equipment & Skids (structural/piping)
Land Rig (structural/piping), Offshore Rigs (structural/piping)
F-16 Fighter Surface Treatment Plant
Civil - Business Parks – Residential/Retail developments – Roads, paving & storm water drains – Pump house & lift stations. (civil/structural/piping)
Positions Held:
Construction Manager, Consultant, Field Structural Engineer/Troubleshooter, Tooling Engineer, Tooling & CAD Engineer, Design Engineer, Design Manager, Sr. Civil/Structural Designer, Principle Structural Designer, Maintenance Troubleshooter
Professional Qualifications:
Stewart Group—Owensboro, KY 2/2018 to Present
Project/Construction Manager
Performing as Construction Manager/PM for Stewart Industrial on installations in the food and beverage industry, automotive, paper mill, aluminum roll facilities, grain facilities to name a few.
Feed Tanks, conveyor systems, mezzanines, retrofits, machine repair/install, roll removal/maintenance, greenfield and brownfield.
Performing as Estimator/PM/Sr Designer for S&V Fabrication on the fabrication of steel for the food and beverage industry, automotive, paper mill, aluminum roll facilities, grain facilities to name a few.
Ownership in managing and monitoring project and project resources to deliver project goals (safety, quality, schedule, scope and cost). Demonstrating dedication to safety and quality control on all projects.
Overseeing, planning, scheduling, directing and coordinating the construction project activities of S&V
Scheduling production and delivery of materials.
Quoting, purchasing & design of materials, equipment, etc
Resolving job site problems, performing field measurements, QA/QC.
Ensure the project scope is completed per the design plans. Dan Riffe
Page 2 of 3
Oxford Int’l. (Aleris Rolled Products)—Lewisport, KY 9/2016 to 10-2017 Structural Engineer (Contractor), Tech, R&D and Engineering Performing as Construction Manager CALP 1 &2/Owners Representative/Project Owner of a $550MM investment to equip the facility with additional heat treatment and finishing capabilities to produce wide aluminum auto body sheet for the automotive industry.
Boots on the ground, managing the construction of 4680+ tons of steel. Greenfield and Brownfield construction site. Focused on analyzing and problem solving the schedule and installation/construction of a 3 and 5 story roll facility platform structure, solving all issues with the fabricators, erectors, designers, engineers.
Ownership in managing and monitoring project and project resources to deliver project goals (safety, quality, schedule, scope and cost). Demonstrating dedication to safety and quality control on all projects.
Overseeing, planning, scheduling, directing and coordinating the construction project activities conducted by the construction and contractor resources (trades, supervisors, etc.) on the site for the duration of the project, as defined by the Sr. Project Manager.
Scheduling production and delivery of materials.
Negotiating bids and contracts.
Managing both Lump Sum and T&M contracts
Pricing and issuing change order requests and negotiating change orders.
Resolving job site problems, coordinating with other trades, suppliers and sub-contractors, performing field measurements, QA/QC.
Conflict and negotiation competence.
Developing and maintaining client & vendor relationships.
Validates that all construction materials conform to design per the engineering specification, company specifications, and industry/ regulatory requirements
Ensures that the project scope is completed per the design plans, and associated contract change orders within a specified time.
Working with accounting on job cost estimates and other financial matters.
Weekly structural completion reports
Managing RFI’s, answering, documenting, cataloging, Prolog
Punch lists, close outs.
CCD Consultants (consulting company) Houston, TX 1/1995 – present Project Coordinator/Construction Specialist/Sr. Civil/Structural Designer (contracting) 2012-2016
Designing/Troubleshooting/Engineering for petroleum plants such as Chevron, Targa, Bayer, and Enterprise. Offshore and Land rigs for Chevron, Shell & private
Field Engineering, troubleshooting foundations, structures, collisions for piping, hydro locations. Troubleshooting all things relating to civil/structure.
Modeling, designing, redesigning of all structures & foundations, new builds, add-ons, transport skids, mezzanines, bents, racks, platforms.
Checking, submitting drawings, (review, IFA's, IFC's, joining production meetings, sending out change orders, fixes/CO’s to RFI's.
Working closely with Sr. Engineering & all trades in field on a daily basis to give the absolute best fix to all their civil/structural.
Collecting all surveys, laser scans, modeling underground obstructions, modifying all foundations and structures for this project, assigning instructions for completion, fixes, etc.
The go to guy for civil/structure issues & design on this project.
Many references and much appreciation from the field. References upon request. Owner/ Field Engineer/Consultant (2-5 employees) Stephenville, TX
2D & 3D Structural designing & installation of steel structures, piping and FRP composite structures for the gas and oil industry, many water and sewer treatment plants, railways, off-shore, on-shore, chemical plants. Structures include, (mezzanines, platforms, racks, walkways, stairs, ladders, cell tower enclosures, antenna closures, handrail/guardrail, buildings, piping iso's, grating layouts, embeds, etc.).
Mechanical designing, fixtures, hydraulic schematics, electrical layouts, p&id, equipment layouts, flow charting, retro-fitting, updating injection molding presses, compressor stations, walk downs, punch lists. Dan Riffe
Page 3 of 3
Shop drawings, AutoCAD 2D and 3D for medium to smaller fabrication shops. Taking architecture/structural drawings, breaking down, troubleshooting and developing shop drawings, bill of materials and details for fabrication. Addressing design & field related issues and concerns. Applying corrective action where needed.
2D & 3D Tooling design of injection mold tooling, including blow mold, compression molds and silicone molds. 2D & 3D part design, including, but not limited to medical, automotive, security devices and consumer products.
Civil designs (Business parks, residential developments, northern tool stores) (drainage studies, roads, gutter, drainage ditches, etc.).
Expedited designs, nothing to work 18 hr. days to do whatever it takes to get the job out.
Bidding & invoicing
Managing, troubleshooting, tracking of projects
Checking, complete fabrication packages
Injection Mold Plastics Arena 4-1985 to 7-2000
Project Manager/Plant Start up, Project Manager/Quality Control, Tooling Engineer, Tooling and CAD Engineer (3 facilities), Injection Mold Processing Engineer (3 facilities),Tool Sampling and Mold Builder/Machinist/Maintenance, Project Manager (2 facilities),Maintenance Troubleshooter/ Process Technician, Millwright Conveying Machinery, Mansfield, TX 4-1981 to 4-1985 Plant Supervisor
Managed all departments: machine shop, welding, fabrication & assembly
Performed approx. 70% of all custom steel layout/mark out work, reverse engineering, breaking drawings down to raw steel/flat steel & laying out, marking up for forming, punching, breaking, rolling and welding
Keeping up inventory on all stock items
Field support and troubleshooting
CAD Software: AutoCAD from R12 to 2019, Inventor 2018, Advance Steel 2018/19 (actually own legal seats), AutoCAD Structural Detailing (ASD), AutoCAD Plant 3D, Cloudworx & Pro-E, Cadworx, Navisworks, Cyclone, Mechanical Desktop, Solutions 3000, ME-10, Hypermill, PCDMIS 3D, Chief Architect, Civil software 2D & 3D. Education:
Tarleton State University: Awarded 42 credit hrs. towards engineering course(s) National Tooling and Machining Association NTMA
4 yr. Journeyman Injection Mold and Tool & Die Maker/Builder Portage Lakes Career Center
Advanced AutoCAD Training
Ford and Rubbermaid SPC Training
Donald Paulson Process Seminars - 6 wk. course Injection Molding Processing Other:
ISO 9001, PLC’s, robotics, automotive, GD&T, FEA, prototyping, FDA, hot stamping, heat transfer, sonic welding, medical, CNC, stereo-lithography, SLA, SL, structural foam, gas assist, RIM, compression, blow molding, SPC, PPAP, NCR, CAR, CAP, CAPF, ECR, ECO, ECN, IPS, PS, QPS, DS, FCC, colortronics, blower systems, thermolators, chillers, mold flow programs, hydraulic valve gating, pressure and hydraulic transducers, heat staking, hot runner systems, conveying systems, multi cavities, Kona systems, transducers, structural steel layout 16ga. to 1" plate, metal fabrication, metal stamping, punch press, shear, brake press, electrical repair troubleshooting, hydraulic repair troubleshooting, mechanical repair troubleshooting, robotic repair troubleshooting, blowers, pumps, pneumatic repair troubleshooting, Microsoft: word, excel, project, lotus: 123, word pro, passport, twic card.

Contact this candidate
