
Frank Dixon
Good Hard working Vet needs employment.
Los Angeles, CA 90018
ac92ou@r.postjobfree.com
323-***-****
Able to follow oral/written instructions, handle multiple tasks, manage projects, work unsupervised, accurate and detailed. Customer focused, dependable, fast learner, punctual, a self-starter and a team player
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience
Machine Operator I
Amtec/ Carlisle interconnect Technologies - El Segundo, CA October 2018 to Present
Operate and monitor machine functions;
I have done minor set-ups perform minor set-up adjustments; and distinguishes tooling and part numbers. I have record production output and charts process control data. Ability to observe the operation of three machines at the same time. Maintains machinery and maintenance logs.
Maintains production schedules and output. I have use scales, microscopes, calipers and measurement instruments while performing my duties.
Data survey
Global insight - Los Angeles, CA
June 2018 to September 2018
My description was to go to different Metro Bus sites, was to measure the dimensions of the area and the shelter that was apart of Metro's property, on a assigned company tablet and at the end of each day upload the information to the company servers. Warehouse / assembly /order picker
Volt Worksource - Los Angeles, CA
August 2015 to May 2018
August 2015 to May 2018
As a volt worker my first assignment from August 2015 to January 2016 I worked at a company called Essential Living in Culver City make different brands of Trail Mix for stores like Whole Foods and Trader Joe’s I was a order puller. My next assignment from January 2016 to July 2016 I worked at a company called 3m company in Monrovia. Assembly staging position, working with parts for dental braces my duties were to make sure that all the pieces were accountable for the next step process. My next assignment from July 2016 to December 2016 I work at a company called Permaswage the city of Torrance. I work as a Teflon painter my duties was to paint different pieces sizes of bolts and nuts by order. The next assignment for me January 20017to May 2017 was at Barry Avenue plating company. And my duties there where to prep parts for electric plating like taping certain areas of the pieces. From May 2017 to present I work different Warehouse assignments. Refinery Operator
Exide Technologies - Vernon, CA
February 2011 to March 2015
Responsibilities
My job responsibilities were to refine recycle lead by melting it, after the melting process add different chemical compounds,setup machines for different molds depending on size and shape.It also requires using two types of different forklifts,ceiling cranes and lab analysis for samples.having the chemicals prepared for mixing in the kettle which came to 800 pounds for each batch. Accomplishments
The impact that I had on the company having the confidence in me of getting the job done the right way and the Safeway.
Skills Used
FORKLIFT OPERATOR,PRODUCTION WORKER,SHIPPING-RECEIVING, REFINERY OPERATIONS, 8-HOUR HAZWOPER Refresher as per code 1910.120(e ) and Groundskeeper. Order Puller/Shipping Clerk
Temp Depot INC - Los Angeles, CA
June 2010 to January 2011
Responsibilities
My job duties were to put together different sizes and the amount of T-Shirt,and to load for outbound shipping,to 28 different locations Kept the production line clear from under sized orders. Helped with plant weekly start up and weekly closings.Off loaded incoming freight by hand and forklift. Filled orders from shipment invoices.Uploaded trailers for outbound shipments and sorted uncoded freight Accomplishments
The impact that I had on the company was the order status given was always correct and the orders were always on time.
Skills Used
FORKLIFT OPERATOR,ORDER PICKER,PRODUCTION WORKER SHIPPING-RECEIVING. Stock Clerk/Customer Service
99 CENTS STORE ONLY - Los Angeles, CA
November 2009 to May 2010
Responsibilities
Helping customer,off loaded trailers of product,store clean-up and stocking shelves Skills Used
Unload trailer with forklift.
Production Helper
Benchmark Staffing - Los Angeles, CA
February 2008 to March 2009
Responsibilities
Kept the production line clear from under sized orders. Helped with plant weekly start up and weekly closings.
Warehouse-Shipping
Sears and Holding - Los Angeles, CA
September 2000 to July 2007
Responsibilities
Off loaded incoming freight by hand and forklift. Filled orders from shipment invoices.Uploaded trailers for outbound shipments and sorted uncoded freight
Skills Used
Sears and Holding Basic Computer Course -CertifiedFORKLIFT OPERATOR,ORDER PICKER,PRODUCTION WORKER,SHIPPING-RECEIVING
Food Production/Shipping
Castleberrys - Augusta, GA
October 1999 to May 2000
Responsibilities
Loaded/Unloaded pallets of canned foods for processing and shipping. Also picked orders for special shipment
Skills Used
Forklift pallet jack
Education
High school diploma in General Ed.
Dorsey High - Los Angeles, CA
1975 to 1978
Skills
Assembly, Forklift, Excel, Machine Operator, Manufacturing, Packaging, fast learner Military Service
Branch: U.S Army
Service Country: United States
Rank: SPC 4
June 1978 to October 1986
My first MOS job I had in the military was short-range missile crewman my second MOS job in the military was technical satellite microwave operator my satellite operation were 24/7 operation keeping military Communications established throughout Germany for two years. Commendations:
Two overseas ribbon, president citation metal, regimental metal, three Good Conduct medals honorable discharge
Additional Information
Able to follow oral/written instructions, handle multiple tasks, manage projects, work unsupervised, accurate and detailed. Customer focused, dependable, fast learner, punctual, a self-starter and a team player

Contact this candidate
