
ARNOLD C. PARKER
Logistics, Leadership and Efficiency
St. Louis, MO 63130
ac92j2@r.postjobfree.com
314-***-****

SKILLS

Forklift Operator /Trainer Warehouse/ Logistics
Picking and packing Management/ Lead man
Shipping & Receiving QA -Testing

•Progressively promoted to new positions with more responsibilities.
• Encouraged employees to use Best Practices to implement new innovations and
higher safety standards. This Increased Productivity and Decreased Accident Ratio.
(Second shift ran one-year accident free)
• Performed Quality Assurance checks by inspecting all parts going out of warehouse
using OSHA Standards. Used Dos, Lotus, Word, Excel, Spread Sheets.
•Operated a stand up forklift, sit down forklift, palette jack loader to Stock Warehouse.
•Maintained Inventory Control from warehouse and shipping.
•Operated and Maintained Machinery used in the production process.
•Team Building and Management Skills.

Work Experience

Monsanto/Bayer Monsanto/Bayer
October 2018 to December 2018 (Contract 1) January 2019 to May 2019 (Contract 2)
Seed Technician... received and disposed of untreated and unwanted seed from framers, processed seed, measure, weigh treat and test seed…Log and categorize seed inventory. (Contract 1)
Shipping & Receiving / Forklift Operator…Receive all goods of shipments coming in and going out of warehouse. Load & Unload all shipments to and from warehouse examine shipment contents compare with records to match invoices, manifests or B.O.L. to maintain inventory stock..(Contract 2)

KP&CP Services
August 2018 to Present
Own and operate a cleaning service after hours to local businesses at affordable prices to secure an experience of satisfaction to my clients that will keep them coming back for more.

Menasha
Forklift Operator I Quality Checker
Pontoon Beach, IL
May 2017 to July 2018
Pull all orders going out of warehouse
Check all pulled and staged orders and shipments going out of warehouse
Load all pulled and staged orders for shipments.

Warehouse Lead
XPO LOGISTICS
August 2015 to May 2017
Manage the operation floor for successful productivity, schedule employees, lead meetings, Forklift
Training
Check all pulled and staged orders and shipment going out of warehouse
Load all pulled and staged orders for shipments in the USA & overseas.

DB Schenker, Inc.
Edwardsville, IL.
Forklift Operator / Trainer
September 2012 to October 2014
Operated a cascade forklift with four forks
Unloaded &Loaded between 8 to 12 trucks a night
Scanned all products in and out of the warehouse using quality, safety, and productivity to work in an orderly and a fast paced manner.
Safety Coordinator Lead
Trained coworkers in matters of safety conservation of equipment and driving hazards
Conferred with Dept. heads concerning problems such as accidents, abuse of machines and equipment
Made suggestions on how to improve safety to conserve equipment
Executed daily operations of making safety reports for each shift to go over in their pre-start up
meetings.

Mid-South Manufacturing
Marked Tree, AR.
Safety Trainer
May 2009 to August 2012
Trained coworkers in matters of safety conservation of equipment and driving hazards
Conferred with Dept. heads concerning problems such as accidents, abuse of Machines and equipment
Made suggestions on how to improve safety to conserve equipment
Kept track of all current employee safety record
Instituted programs where all employees took refresher classes in certain Departments.
Quality Assurance Lead
Improved 3rd shift production by 10%, by reducing waste by 15%
Received and inspected raw materials coming and going out of plant.

Machine Operator
Set up, repaired and maintained machines.
Loaded 4 machines front to back to keep the production line running.

Chemical Solutions
Jonesboro, AR
April 2006- April 2009
Forklift Operator
Loaded and unloaded trucks and rail cars with hazmat materials for plant
Maintained inventory control for the production of my shift.
Received and inspected raw materials coming and going out of plant.

Corner Connections
Jonesboro, AR.
Assistant Manager
June 2004 to December 2009
Assigned work schedules, to workers to ensure quality and timely delivery of goods and services
Trained and managed 7 people who achieved the best improvement in their productivity
Successfully handled payroll
Directed all marketing and advertising
Handled all customer feedback and service improvements efforts, talked with other managers to stay informed changes and updates on operations.
Human Resources Manager
Compiled and prepared reports and documents pertaining personnel
Interviewed job applicants to obtain and verify information, informed applicants of their
acceptance or rejection of job, requested information from law enforcement officials,
previous employers and other references, recorded data for employees such as time
sheets, weekly earnings and absences, made badges passes and ID cards

Lincoln Manufacturing
Jonesboro, AR.
Warehouse Lead
October 1999 to May 2004
Reduced paint waste by 20% on 2nd shift.
Completed Incidents Reports and Employee Time Records.
Maintained records of employees' certifications & training.
Quality Assurance
Maintained inventory control for the production of my shift.

Machine Operator
Ran a TXC-6000 that made car and truck load jacks.

U.S. Navy
San Diego, CA
Aviation Electrician Technician
July 1991 to September 1999
Leadership Training Courses
3rd Shift Avionics Shop Supervisor
Supervised over 15 airmen on 3rd shift aviation tech shop.
Completed all electrical repairs, trouble shooting, analog circuits, power supply, wire harness, test procedures on different components for all F-14-Detal's, and F-14's.
Qualified Aviation Fuel Technician.

Education
University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff
Bachelors of Arts Communications

Pine Bluff, AR

Contact this candidate
