
DINESH KUMAR.P Mobile: +91-962*******
Email: ac925h@r.postjobfree.com

OBJECTIVE:
A result oriented on PLC and Design with 2+ years of experience in designing and developing information technology based Web applications, seeking a challenging positioning in IT for the growth with organization.

EXPERIENCE:
Working as Supervisor & Material checker at Happy Construction from Aug 2018 to till now.
Working as C&C Machine operator at Motherson Company from Oct 2013 to Jan 2014.
Working as Supervisor at Arun Excello Temple Green from May 2012 to Mar 2013.

ACADEMIC PROFILE:
oBachelor of technology (Electrical & Electronics Engineering) from Bharath University
oDiploma in Electrical and Electronic Engineering from Narasimma Pallavan Polytechnic College.
oS.S.L.C from Pachyapass Higher Secondary School Kanchipuram.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
PROGRAMMING LANGUAGE : PLC.
APPLICATION TOOL : Auto cad 2D & 3d, Editing,
OPERATING SYSTEM : Windows, Ubuntu10.

PROJECTS PROFILE:
Organization : Mr. Civil in Happy Construction
Role : Supervisor & Material checker
Environment : Building Constructions.
Responsibilities:
oI performed numerous duties like assisting teams in using tools, electrical equipment and heavy machinery, measured and laid out areas where work was to be performed, and maintained a clean and safe work area averaging 6000 sq. ft. In total, my experience provided me with the opportunity to observe and understand the critical role that a worker plays in ensuring the safe and smooth running of every project.
oI have exposure in all of the expected requirements for this position, and if given an opportunity.
oI have been repeatedly recognized for problem solving skills and compliance with safety procedures.
oI am tasked with maintaining equipment logs, performing preventive maintenance checks, inspecting and monitoring work areas to ensure safety, and consulting with customers and supervisors to resolve operational problems.

Organization : Motherson Company
Role : C&C Machine operator
Environment : PLC.
Responsibilities:
oUnderstanding specifications of the task at hand and the desired result by reading blueprints, mechanical drawings etc.
oPreparing and operating CNC machines to perform tasks such as drilling, grinding, milling etc.
oTranslating instructions into computer commands so the machines can perform the correct function
oPrepare and load raw materials and parts onto the machines
oPrepare a test run to check if the machines produce outputs according to specifications
oSet machines to complete full cycles to fabricate large number of parts
oSupervise the machines while they execute the tasks and make any necessary adjustments to produce a better result
oCheck and maintain machinery daily to ensure functionality

Organization : Arun Excello Temple Green
Role : Supervisor
Environment : Building Constructions.
Responsibilities:
oI have exposure in all of the expected requirements for this position, and if given an opportunity.
oI have been repeatedly recognized for problem solving skills and compliance with safety procedures.
oI am tasked with maintaining equipment logs, performing preventive maintenance checks, inspecting and monitoring work areas to ensure safety, and consulting with customers and supervisors to resolve operational problems.
oDeveloped and implemented a safety program which let to no time-lost accidents.
oSafe and efficient operation of concrete grinding equipment.
oScheduled subcontractors, ordered supplies, estimated desired volunteer count, managed inspections.

Contact this candidate
