
Geeta Ram
Vacaville, CA ***** 650-***-**** ac92c8@r.postjobfree.com

Work History:
Lotblok, Inc
Business Office Manager – Current Oct 2017- Jan 2018

Business Office Manager
Responsible for Online financial reports, Bank Reconciliation Statements, Processing AP, Accounts Receivable and collection and Logistics

Assisting constituents in writing complex financial reports such as Trial Balance, Profit and loss, Balance Sheet, AR and AP Aging Reports. Revenue reports and COGS reports. Bank Reconciliation reports.

Account receivable, Billing- Raise invoices, review and issue invoices to customers, collect credit records, Report of delinquent accounts and request payments either by phone or e-mail worst by legal authorities. Posting of all invoices and receipts/Deposits into GL accounts. Reconcile with Balance sheet and bank statement. Resolve all client inquiries.

Full cycle Accounts Payable, review all vendor Invoices for accuracy for unit, cost, match POs and approval for non receipt pos and non po invoices. (3 way Match) Posting all Vendor invoices, credit cards and debit memos in the accounting system. Process checks, reconcile Vendor statements with my AP Reports and ensure correct checks has been processed and mailed out on the terms agreed by Vendor. Process 1099 if there is any. Research and resolve all vendor inquiries.

General Ledger, posting of all general journal and reconciling of all general ledger accounts in the accounting system.

Manage configuration and maintaining all financial related software including vendor relationship (Vendor Management Systems).
Working with external financial services and leadership to anticipate and research solutions to changing needs due to internal and external financial and accounting factors.
( Provide accurate reporting to CPA for annual Tax submissions)
Providing training on a regular basis. ( New Hires)
Performing other duties as assigned

Group Tobias Inc- (Tech placement company)
Partime Current Jan 2016 to Jan 2018

Accounts receivable and Bank reconciliation

Calsoft Labs, Inc/ SACC, Inc. Oct 2012 – Aug 2017

Assistant Financial Controller
Responsible for Online financial reports, Bank Reconciliation Statements, Commissions, Processing AP and payroll, Accounts Receivable and collection;

Assisting constituents in writing complex financial reports such as Trial Balance, Profit and loss, Balance Sheet, AR and AP Aging Reports, Monthly Commissions reports. Revenue reports and COGS reports. Bank Reconciliation reports.

Semi- monthly Payroll processing, process time cards, compute and process salary Payments and related withholding accurately. Maintain accurate and timely payroll reporting for both internal and external parties. Ensure that all payroll are disbursed by direct deposit. Ensure that all payroll liabilities are paid to Govt Agencies and is matched on Balance Sheet by Month. I also make special checks. Review, edit and make adjustment if needed. Also maintain all sick leave, vacation and workmen compensation records. Posting of all payroll Journal entries in the accounting system.

Account receivable, Billing- Raise invoices, review and issue invoices to customers, collect credit records, process credit applications. Recommend credit limits based on company policy. Report of delinquent accounts and request payments either by phone or e-mail worst by legal authorities. Posting of all invoices and receipts/Deposits into GL accounts. Reconcile with Balance sheet and bank statement. Resolve all client inquiries.

Full cycle Accounts Payable, review all vendor Invoices for accuracy for unit, cost, match POs and approval for non receipt pos and non po invoices. (3 way Match) Posting all Vendor invoices, credit cards and debit memos in the accounting system. Process checks, reconcile Vendor statements with my AP Reports and ensure correct checks has been processed and mailed out on the terms agreed by Vendor. Process 1099 if there is any. Research and resolve all vendor inquiries.

General Ledger, posting of all general journal and reconciling of all general ledger accounts in the accounting system.

Participate in cross training with remote accounting and payroll team..
Manage configuration and maintaining all financial related software including vendor relationship (Vendor Management Systems).
Working with external financial services and leadership to anticipate and research solutions to changing needs due to internal and external financial and accounting factors.
( Provide accurate reporting to CPA for annual Tax submissions)
Providing training on a regular basis. ( New Hires)
Performing other duties as assigned

.

Ajilon and Accounting Principal Aug 2012 West-Ed Temp Title Clerk– Research on special projects.
Reviewed the revenue contract documents prior to execution
Interacted with external auditors
Evaluated revenue policies
Participated in revenue accounting close activities
Assisted IT with process design and implementation of deferred revenue amortization functionality

Sequoia High School 2011-20012
Part Time Volunteer Services ( Prepare team dinners,proctor AP Exam and Help at the Library Collecting and stacking books back on the shelves FYE 2012.

Bob Dron Motorcycles, Inc 2003 - 2010
Accounts Payable Officer
Full cycle accounts payable (create new master vendor list, perform 3 way match for purchase order prior to invoice processing, process about 200 invoices per week, weekly cash forecast, check runs, and reconcile monthly vendor statement, filling of vendor invoices with copy of checks attached and vendor relations).
Motorcycle inventory control (create master list of all new and used units into the system, prepare all sales folders for sales team, and sales jackets for business office.
Accounts receivable -Edit, prepare and send all motorcycles contracts to financial institutions for funds. Follow up and realize cash.
Daily bank deposits (match all credit/debit card transaction against cash account in GL)
Reporting monthly sales and warranty registration and financial statement to Harley-Davidson financial services.
Handle an auto bank (money vending machine), postage machine and operate a Ricoh 3500 copy machine.
Online purchasing of company supplies, forms and seals.
Electronic and manual filing.
DMV Clerk (process and keep track of all motorcycle registration customers, company and rentals)

Fiji Shipbuilding Corporation Ltd 2001 – 2002
Senior Accounting Clerk
Full cycle accounts payable (process invoices, check runs, bank statement reconciliations and vender relations).
Accounts receivable (bank deposits, Debt collection, petty cash, research).
Posted and maintained the general ledger accounts and inventory control.
Payroll processing (audit time cards, data entry and employee resolutions and payroll taxes).
Customer service.
Reconciliation of bank statement.
Assisted the financial controller in preparing the monthly/annual financial reports and plant asset schedules. Adopted the company method of calculating depreciation in which the company has been using in past years and recording all journal entries for depreciation, purchasing new fixed asset and disposal.

Fiji Islands Bureau of Statistics 1998 - 2001
Project Officer
Census of Industries-1995/6
Census of Distributive Trade –1995
Census of Social and related Community Services –1995
Census of Building and Construction-1997/8
A member of a team assigned to undertake a survey of the Agriculture Sector in Fiji as part of the re-basing exercise of Fiji’s Gross Domestic Product.
Martin Motor Co Ltd (Fiji Islands) 1988 - 1998
Accounting Clerk/EDP Operator
Full cycle accounts payable (process invoices, check runs, Statement reconciliations and vender relations).
Accounts receivable (bank deposit, petty cash, and research).
Posted and maintained general ledger accounts.
Payroll processing (audit time cards, data entry and employee resolutions, payroll taxes, garnishments).
Posting and maintaining inventory control.
Customer service.
Assisted the financial controller in preparing the monthly/annual financial reports and plant asset schedules.

Software skills:

Microsoft Office 365 Professional
QuickBooks Pro & online a
Light Speed Accounting Package
Excel
DOS
Office 365

Education & Certification:

Certificate in Accounting (Hayward Adult School)
Certificate in Advance Business Accounting (Fiji National Training Council)
QuickBooks Premier 2014 Training
Trade Certificate in General Hotel Services (Fiji Institute of Technology

Contact this candidate
