
YANNICK M SHABANI
**** ****** **** **
Raleigh, NC 27604
919-***-****
ac92hx@r.postjobfree.com

Objective: Current Position production associate involving in Shipping & receiving, Builder and Driver...

Summary of qualifications:
● More than 9 years in Supply, 5years of Warehouse Shipping and receiving at a major retailer and 3years forklift and cisolift (skyjack) driver & 3years Customer Service phone experience ...
● Adaptability – Ability to work under pressure
● Detail oriented, Organized, patience and integrity.
● Ability to work a flexible schedule
● Strong interpersonal and Communication skills, Sharp, quick learning and willing to get involved.
● Computer literate in MS word, power point. Fluent in French and English.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Warehouse/ Shipping / receiving
Current employee: Craters and Freighters, 4011 Atlantic Ave, Raleigh, NC 27604 as a production associate Jan 2019 – Present
involving in Shipping & receiving, Builder with an Experience of using all kind of hand tools such as any kind SKILSAW OR ELECTRIC WORM DRIVE TABLE SAW, measurement, drill, pneumatic Air Nail Gun, staple Gun, forklift, skyjack driver and pick up & deliveries Driver etc...
Flexible and resourceful Machine Operator who has maintained a perfect attendance and safety records throughout a sever years career, experienced in diverse machining Operations as well as forklift, hand car, and pallet jack, use. Desires a role in assembly or picking & packing and shipping expertise in a warehouse setting.

EXPERIENCE:
Burt's Bees
Machine Operator /filling technician May 2018 to Jan 2019
North Carolina /701 Distribution Dr, Morrisville, NC 27560
● Safely Operate a wide range of machinery and packing equipment.
● Maintain clean, neat, and organized work area.
Operating mechanical and electro-mechanical equipment and Troubleshoot mechanical problems and replace machine parts if needed
● Keep equipment running smoothly with routine maintenance
● Pick stock during the High-volume operational time to satisfy customer orders
● Utilize the RF equipment to receive and complete product movement quest
● Analyzed and followed blueprint, diagrams, and drawing to accurately to complete assembly task
● Set up diver's machinery including shapers, joiners, and lathers.
● Operate and monitor equipment including carton makers, carton sealers, drop packers and palletizers.
● Read and interpret blueprints and diagrams to select a secure machining position to ensure quality product also Determine and report faults in equipment, including filling out hourly inspection sheets base on production quality
● Detect jammed and Fixing a jammed etc...

Circlegraphics September 2014 to April 2018
10700 World Trade Blvd #102, Raleigh, NC 27617

Picture on Canvas/ Assembler/warehouse, production ASS
● Performed assembly operator to mass product quality, Canvas product
● Packaged a high volume of picture on Canvas
● Inventoried supplies for a fiscal budget.
● Prepared and packaged product for shipping
● Assembling a picture frame by using tools such as drill, staple Gun, measurement, calculator, hummer, screws, nail Gun, pencil etc.
● Wrapping and shipping
● Able to read blueprint, and interpret blueprint.
● Mathematic knowledge, able to read and write.
● Forklift orator

IMPLUS Jan 2016 to Aug 2017
2001 TW Alexander Dr., Box 13925 Durham, NC 27709-3925

PICK PACK SPECIALIST
● Healed a position of a pick pack specialist – Operational.
● Duties, picking and packing manually and all designated pick line sales orders on or before the shipping date.
● Assist in supporting functions related to identification, picking and packing of warehouse production to meet sale orders requirement. Also, assembly wooden and Cardboard containers for product.
● Operating hand truck to move/ transfer product shipment from the shipping and receiving platform to the storage.
● Operating gravity feed racking and Scanning equipment to ensure proper order fulfilment and performed general housekeeping duties etc.

PROTOCHIPS Nov 2017 to Dec 2018
3800 Gateway Centre Blvd #306, Morrisville, NC 27560

C-flat Technician
● Technician cable assembly, inspection and producing ships and more hand on activities
Performed all tasks related to fabrication, repair and modification of cable assemblies, as required
● Interpreted and worked from blueprints, work orders and specifications to create cable assemblies.
● Checked, cut, resized, crimped and soldered all wire and cabling components and repair mechanical, pneumatic and electrical systems
● Positioned, joined and assembled all sub-assemblies, in an accurate manner.
● Added labels and protective coatings to assembled cabling product, as required.
● Tested and debugged all cable assemblies to ensure their proper functioning.

EDUCATION

High school Diploma, College Danielka ; July 02/2006, Kinshasa /Dem. Rep of the Congo
Attending College, Wake Technology community College, majoring in
Networking management. Since Dec 2018

Contact this candidate
