
Jobert De Torres Peralta
Email: ac93gb@r.postjobfree.com
Tel no: +974********
Address: Al Kanary Building Al Sadd, Doha, Qatar

HVAC and Electrical Technician
I am an experienced HVAC and Electrical Technician with 5 years of experience and knowledge in operation and maintenance of HVAC equipment in commercial and industrial in Philippines

SKILLS
Basic Microsoft Office application
RAW/ Soft Water Treatment Plant
Basic Mechanic
Forklift Operator
Driving

LANGUAGES
Filipino/English

WORK EXPERIENCE
Facilities Technician
Universal Robina Corporation
09/2016 – 09/2018
Laguna Philippines

Responsibilities/Tasks
• Responsible for operating, monitoring and performing repair and maintenance work of basic utilities equipment such as Chillers, Pumps, Cooling tower, AHU, FCU, Air compressor.
• Carry out Preventive Maintenance work schedule as assign by supervisor. Record all repair and maintenance work done including spare parts, material and supplies for purpose of inventory.
• Monitoring of basic utilities supplied to production areas to ascertain that such conform to their requirements. Operates RAW/Soft Water Treatment Plant.
• Comply with the proper operating procedures of safety and health standards/regulations.

Electrician
SUNPOWER Philippines
05/2015 – 09/2015
Laguna Technopark, Philippines

Responsibilities/Tasks
• Install electrical lightning fixtures, wiring cabling devices and grounding.
• Conduct maintenance activities on electrical equipment, control panels, circuit breakers.
• Comply with all relevant health and safety standard procedures
• Perform other duties assigned by the immediate supervisor

Machinist
Daiwa Seiko Philippines Corporation
08/2014 – 04/2015
Laguna International Industrial Park, Philippines

Responsibilities/Tasks
• Set up and operate a variety of machine tools to produce precision parts for automotive computerize programming.
• Comply with all relevant health and safety standard procedure.

Messenger
Pres. Jose P Laurel Rural Bank
04/2010– 09/2010
Laguna Philippines

Responsibilities/Tasks
• Pick up and deliver messages, documents, packages, and other items between offices and bank branches within an establishment or directly to other business concerns, ensure to goods will reach on time.

CERTIFICATES
National Certificate III Refrigeration and Air Conditioning Services
National Certificate II Electrical Installation and Maintenance

PERSONAL DATA
Birthday: June 13, 1989
Birthplace: Cabuyao, Laguna, Philippines
Height: 5’9”
Weight: 65 Kg
Civil Status: Single
Sex: Male
Citizenship: Filipino

EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND
Elementary Pulo Elementary School Graduated-2001

High School Pulo National High School Graduated-2008

Technical School Technical Education and Skills Development Authority (TESDA)

CHARACTER REFERENCE
Mr. Quinn Supera Qatar Cool Operation Supervisor Tel no: 33215174

Mr. Francis Lipalam JCI York Qatar Service Technician Tel no: 66540127

Mr. Jason Peralta Al Gassar Resort Chiller Plant Operator Tel no: 33508417

I hereby certify that the above information is true and correct to the best of my ability and belief.

Jobert D. Peralta
Applicant

Contact this candidate
