
SENIOR MACHINIST • MILLWRIGHT
Skilled professional with 30+ years of diverse and progressive experience in every aspect of the installation, troubleshooting, repair and maintenance and design of machinery and equipment. Extremely knowledgeable with machining; machine assembly; blueprint reading and machining symbols; rigging and handling and the use of precision measurement tools and testing equipment. Expert in leading product & lean manufacturing process, always ensuring compliance with quality standards, safety, budget and time specifications. Strong problem-solving capabilities, strength, stamina, hand-eye coordination and manual dexterity. Resourceful, analytic and detail-driven with capabilities in completing multiple requirements according to deadline. Aggressive in identifying and resolving inefficient processes. Strong team member; able to motivate others and also work independently with minimum supervision. Quick learner who maintains a positive attitude. Constantly update skills and knowledge through additional education and certification.
CORE STRENGTHS
Machinery Installation, Assembly, Maintenance,
Service & Repair to Specifications
Machine Parts & Equipment Fabrication
Rigging, Handling, Leveling & Aligning
Reading Diagrams, Blueprints, Schematic Drawings & Machining Symbols
Micrometer, Vernier Caliper, Bore Gauge & other
common Precision Instruments
Troubleshooting & Diagnostics
Superior Customer & Client Service
Start-up, Testing & Shut-Down Operations
Centering & Setting to Elevation
Lathes, Milling Machines, Boring Mills ( Vert. & Horiz.), Line Boring, and others
Crusher Pinion Shafts, Mill Pump Shafts & Barrels
Testing & Quality Assurance
Risk Assessment & Management
Process & Product Improvement
Work-flow Management & Prioritization
Leadership, Mentoring & Training
Predictive & Operational Maintenance
Work Effectively in Team-Oriented, Collaborative Environments
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
AA Designer Puebla, Puebla, Mexico 02- 2018 to present Machinist
Manufacturing of jigs, fixtures and related replacement parts for the automated spot-welding machines for the automobile industries, mainly Volkswagen and Audi. Operating mainly a Bridgeport type of milling machine. Harbor Machining (Machinist) Prince Rupert, 01-06-2015 to 04-2016 Providing repair services to boats & ships (retired) SILVIO L. BORTOLOTTO
55 Poniente, 1112Colonia Prados Agua Azul,
Puebla, Puebla. CP 7243
Tel(cells): +(52-22-2-914****
E: ac937d@r.postjobfree.com
All-Peace Industries ( Maintenance contracting company servicing Mines, and Forestry Industries) 08-2014 to 03-2015 Millwright/Machinist (Laid off do to shortage of work) Peace River Coal, Tumbler Ridge BC. 02-2014- 08-2014 Millwright, Mine closed on December 2014 (Mine Closed) Conducting running maintenance in the coal wash plant. Maintenance on pumps, shaker screens, settling tanks equipment. Conveyor belts systems, breakers and others plants equipment. Endako Mines,
Machinist/Millwright Fraser Lake BC 02-1994 - 02-2014 Machine various new parts and equipment and recondition used parts for the mill and mine departments in a safe, accurate and efficient manner.
Operated 38” swing x 10 feet length Tos Lathe, 18” swing x 180”length Standard lathe, a universal milling machine,a Radial drill a 36” stroke gear-shaper and a line-borer machine.
KEY ACHIEVEMENTS:
Select the proper material and tooling for the production of parts and for modifications
Design and construct new specialty tooling and fixtures to improve shop efficiency
Create detailed sketches and drawings of parts and equipment and present them to foremen
Safely utilize lathes, drills, milling machine, and other shop equipment

Also work as a millwright repairing: pumps, tools, crushers, mills, and other crushing/milling/flotation equipment. SILVIO BORTOLOTTO
Page Two • Tel(cells): +(52-22-291***** • E: ac937d@r.postjobfree.com PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE, Continued
Jessy James Holdings, Smithers B.C.
MACHINIST (Contract) • 2011
Completed a 6-month machinist contract carrying out all duties in a safe and efficient manner KEY ACHIEVEMENTS:
Designed, created and adjusted tools as needed, maintaining close tolerances
Inspected, measured and passed the products
Performed complex setups on machines for jobs with close tolerances
Calibrated and set measuring instruments as per requirements. Operated mainly a 18” x 12 feet engine lathe and a universal milling machine. MACHINIST/BUILDING MAINTENANCE /RESOURCE RECOVERY RESEARCH TECHNOLOGIST Esso Resources Ltd., Calgary AB (now Imperial Oil research) 1980-1992 Machinist, building maintenance person, and research technologist with the resources recovery section. Recognized for superior work ethic with consistent promotions - from a Machinist at Granduc Mines (Esso Minerals) to the Esso Research Labs in Calgary as a Building Maintenance and Machine Shop Worker, promoted to Research Technologist with the Resources Recovery Section; performed extensive field pilot and laboratory testing and analysis KEY ACHIEVEMENTS:
Played a significant role in the development of new technology in the recovery of crude oil from tar sands; also assisted in the development of soil-washing and slurry technology separation
Conducted field work in cleaning hydrocarbon contaminated solids
Participated in major projects including: Cold Water Extraction (tar sands) – Fort McMurray AB, Sludge Washing
(Contaminated Solids Clean-Up) – Cold Lake AB, Coal Fines Recovery (Flotation) – Sparwood BC, Bore Hole Mining (tar sands) – Fort McMurray and Cold Lake AB

As Machinist operated various sizes engine lathes and Bridgeport type milling machines drill presses and tool grinders. Stege Forest Product : Hazelton BC
STEAM ENGINEER 1993-1994
Operated a Steam Plant in a safe and conscientious manner; burned waste wood and produced steam to generate electricity and drying kilns. The company is no longer operating. CENTEC SOLUTION LTD CALGARY, ALBERTA
TECHNICAL ADVISER 1992-1993
Advised executives on the design, assembling, operation and training of personnel for portable plants to clean up hydrocarbon-contaminated solids.
MACHINIST & SHOP SUPERVISOR at various locations in Ontario 1967-1980
Canadian Longyear (Diamond drilling manufacturer) operated #5 and #8 Herbert turret lathes and set-up and operated a number of automated lathes.

Donlee Nuclear (Nuclear Reactor parts manufacturer) Operated large vertical lathes and milling machines,
(14 Feet turntable vertical lathe and a 4’ vertical turret lathe)

LHD Equipment (Under-ground equipment manufacture.; mining) Supervisor: repaired and manufactured hydraulic cylinders and other hydraulic components, Operated 18 and 24” swing engine lathes and a Bridgeport type milling machine, design and modified hydraulic cylinders. EDUCATION• TRAINING
COMPLETED SECONDARY EDCATION (HIGH SCHOOL) • Castelfranco V. Italy MACHINIST • Inter-Provincial Certification (Red Shield) MILLWRIGHT • Alberta Certification
INDUSTRIAL SUPERVISOR CERTIFICATION • 10, 10 Credits Course Program, Open Learning University of B.C. Canada BUILDING OPERATOR B, CERTIFICATE OF COMPETENCY • Alberta Certification APPLIED PUMP TECHNOLOGY • The Center for Professional Advancement N.J. USA MINE SAFETY & LOSS CONTROL LEADERSHIP • The International Loss Control Institute HIGH SCHOOL DIPLOMA & INDUSTRY APPRENTICESHIPS • Completed in Italy REFERENCES: Letters of introduction from various employers and supervisor are available.

Contact this candidate
