
Max Barraza
***** ******** ** **** *-***
Westminster, CO 80023
Phone: 323-***-****
Email: ac93op@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY
Over twenty years’ experience in the food manufacturing industry. Seeking all promotional positions that utilize my skills and abilities.
EXPERIENCE
2009—2019 Production Foreman, La Habra Bakery
Performed in different departments as Machine Operator. Inventory and shipping department. Also run Muffin department. 2009 – 2015 Production foreman/machine operator. 2015 – 2016 Filler operator at Mountain View Dairy AIB Certified 2008—2008 Production Supervisor, Wild Rocket Foods Supervised and coordinated activities of workers engaged in several departments i.e., grading fruits, vegetables, and activity of fruit trimming. Trained employees in grading methods, detection of defective or improperly colored fruit, and other factors affecting standards. Assigned workers to positions at grading belt. Trained employees to properly trim, weigh and package fruits. Prepared production schedule for each shift. Completed shift report and submitted to management. Approved employee requests for vacation and forwarded leave forms to personnel department. Requested personnel department to provide substitute workers when regular workers are absent. Observe processing procedures and informs workers to speed up, slow down or temporarily cease operations before the start of each shift. 2003—2007 Production Foreman, Interstate Brands Corp. Responsible for ultimate Quality Assurance of manufactured product, relevant process controls and ensuring the machine operators followed and logged necessary information in established company Quality programs. Responsible for maintaining the “Lot Tracking” program for all ingredients used in the high speed line of the production department. Coordinated daily ingredient usage with the production schedule to successfully and accurately complete the day’s baking requirements. Tracking of Critical Control points in the HACCP program. Responsible for quality control in checking dough’s every 30 minutes logging it. 2002—2003 Production Supervisor, Newly Weds Foods
Required to plan and assign work to meet daily production schedules. Comply with established standard and expectations for product quality, maintain production efficiency, observe workers to ensure they comply with standards, ensure employee safety, develop employee relations. Complete all required daily production reports and approved all payroll time cards. Required to organize, assign and check work activities and supervise department personnel. Conduct supervisor meetings with employees on a regular basis. Responsible for identifying potential technical problems in the blending process and evaluating raw materials integrity. 1988—2002 Quality Control, Inventory, Green Boys Foods Responsible for the mixing of dressings. Also worked in Quality Control Lab inspecting raw material checking finished product Ph., Salt and acid. Worked on daily inventory placing orders of raw materials according to production schedules. EDUCATION
1982-1985 High School Diploma, Thomas Jefferson High School

Contact this candidate
