
KEVIN FILION
Newmarket, NH
603-***-**** ac93k8@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/kevin-filion

MAINTENANCE & FACILITY MANAGER / EH&S COORDINATOR
Team Building – Mentoring – Troubleshooting – Continuous Improvement – Machine Up Time

Over 6 years of supervision of up to 54 hourly employees both skilled and unskilled.
Strong interpersonal communication skills with an emphasis on team building and mentoring use of LEAN tools and manufacturing principles and meeting production goals.
Awarded the Governors Award for Business for design and implementation of our Preventive Maintenance Program and Spare Parts Inventory Management System which resulted in a 30% reduction in unplanned downtime.
Environmental Health and Safety oversight and trainings and adherence to OSHA compliance during which we accomplished several years of 1 to 2 lost time accidents and 1 year 0 accidents.
Decommissioned our manufacturing facility and defined job scopes, obtaining bids and outsourcing jobs as needed. We finished 2 months ahead of schedule and under budget for this project.
Implemented design changes to High Speed Assembly Equipment which resulted in a raw materials savings of 13%.
Machining of complex/close tolerance parts from prints, sketches reversed engineering.

WORK EXPERIENCE
LEDVANCE Exeter, NH
Maintenance Foreman EH&S Coordinator 7/2015-6/2019
Developed training and mentoring programs for our Equipment Technicians.
Hands on supervision. Worked on troubleshooting, repairing, maintaining, and servicing all production equipment as needed.
Operated production equipment such as extruders, presses, mixers, and assembly equipment as needed to meet production goals.
Tracked time and attendance, plan vacation coverage and perform semiannual and annual performance evaluations.
Administered and amended a preventative maintenance program using SAP or Excel thus decreasing unplanned downtime by 10% and increasing assembly machines output by 15%.
Administered our OEE tracking and responsible for attaining yield targets on our high-speed assembly equipment in support of manufacturing operational excellence.
Trained and issued fork truck licensees for employees and possessed a fork truck license.
Developed and administrated our Lock Out Tag Out program.
Wrote equipment spec’s and Lock Out procedures for all plant equipment.
Administrated the plants Arc Flash Program (NFPA 70E).
Monitored and ordered equipment comprehensive spare parts while successfully adhering to budgets.
Monitored inventory levels and order tooling for our Extrusion and Injection Mold lines.
Maintained and implemented continuous improvement projects or equipment upgrades and capital improvements.
Developed equipment and process improvements on our high speed equipment and touch-less assembly operations.
Handled all hazardous and non-hazardous materials and conducted waste shipments.
Coordinated Industrial Waste Water testing and monitoring and maintained all associated permits.
Decommissioned our manufacturing facility.
Developed work scopes for outside contractors obtain bids, award jobs, and oversee projects.
OSRAM Sylvania Exeter, NH
Production Supervisor II / Maintenance Foreman 2/2013-7/2015
Managed and directed 38 hourly production associates and 16 technicians, including training, scheduling and performance evaluation to meet all production and maintenance requirements.
Directed associates to address production bottlenecks and assure smooth flow of product.
Identified production improvements and assigned LEAN events to achieve improvements.
Collaborated on developing the plants Arc Flash Program in accordance with NFPA 70E.

OSRAM Sylvania Exeter, NH
Equipment Specialist 11/2001-2/2013
Maintained and improved ceramic forming production equipment such as, sigma mixers, extruders, microwave drying systems and automated assembly equipment.
Altered the design of our Hydraulic Extruders tooling holders to eliminate a safety hazard and reduced changeover times by 15%.
Developed a vacuum seal package for sigma mixers that increased the up-time of the equipment by 25% and resulted in higher quality material and reduced air-line defects.
Directed a group of 18 technicians for two product lines across 5 shifts.
Assisted in the design and implementation of a spare parts program which was nonexistence prior to this and resulted in greatly decreasing unplanned downtime.

SKILLS

Machining of complex/close tolerance parts from prints, sketches and reversed engineered parts using lathes, bridgeports, grinders, hones, etc.
Proficient in Microsoft Office.
Licensed fork truck operator.
Excellent troubleshooting skills and identifying equipment issues and potential improvements.
Able to operate Cutting torches.
The ability and patience to mentor skilled technicians in troubleshooting and repairing complicated
electromechanical production equipment.

CERTIFICATIONS – TRAININGS AND CREDITED COURSES

D.O.T. HazMat General & Security Awareness Training Certification valid until March 2022
Waste Minimization & Pollution Prevention
Hazardous Waste Coordinator Certification valid until March 2020
OSHA 511 Occupational Safety and Health Standards Certification
OSHA Machinery and Machine Guarding Standards Certificate
Lead for Results
TPM Alpha Class
Ethical Leadership
Building a Bridge to Better Supervision
Lean Manufacturing Skills
Business Conduct Guidelines
Learning to See Value Stream Mapping
Compliance Training Hazardous Waste Chemistry
Machine/Tool/Theory Certificate
AutoCAD R12
Advanced Blueprint reading

Contact this candidate
