
S.VIGNESH KUMAR
Email : ac932b@r.postjobfree.com
H/P: 962-***-****
OBJECTIVE
To secure a challenging and satisfying career and to be a part of a progressive organization that gives a scope to enhance my skills and professional knowledge. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
CUT&FIT MACHINE WORKS -Tirupur
* Our Company One of the Manufacture
Band knife fabric cutting machine, GSM
Designation: Maintenance Engineer
Responsibilities :
• Overall Responsibility for Production And Quality
• Handling the Wood Rooter Machine& Hydraulic Injection Plastic Molding Machine
• Handling The Manpower, Take t
Avoid the Breakdown.
• Quality/production in-charge for
• Accounting work for purchase & sales bills and material stock maintenance using
• Manage the company documents and
through E-mail.
• Handling customer service calls
Searching job and working -vichag clean energy
SAKTHI AUTO COMPONENT LTD
Designation: Operator
Responsibilities
• Operating CNC Machine &Measuring
PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION
• B.E. (Instrumentation & Control Engg)
Avinashi, with 84% -2011.
• Diploma in Instrumentation & Control Engg
Nagar, with 82.5% -2008.
• SSLC from diamond jubilee higher secondary school With 50% -2005.
Please consider the environment before printing
: ac932b@r.postjobfree.com
To secure a challenging and satisfying career and to be a part of a progressive organization that gives a scope to enhance my skills and professional knowledge. Tirupur Nov -2013 to till date
Manufacture Textile Machineries like Automatic fabric spreading machine, machine, GSM cutter and folding machine.
Maintenance Engineer & Administrative Assistant
Production And Quality.
Wood Rooter Machine& Hydraulic Injection Plastic Molding Machine Handling The Manpower, Take the Responsibility Of Company For Smooth Running charge for powder coating.
Accounting work for purchase & sales bills and material stock maintenance using Manage the company documents and sending the company document, Reports Handling customer service calls & enquiries.
April 2012
vichag clean energy solution (Duration-6month).
SAKTHI AUTO COMPONENT LTD- Uthukuli Aug-2011
Measuring the mechanical parts using standard gauge. PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION
B.E. (Instrumentation & Control Engg) from Maharaja Prithvi Engineering college, ma in Instrumentation & Control Engg from sakthi polytechnic college SSLC from diamond jubilee higher secondary school, Gobichettipalayam, consider the environment before printing
To secure a challenging and satisfying career and to be a part of a progressive organization 2013 to till date
fabric spreading machine,
Wood Rooter Machine& Hydraulic Injection Plastic Molding Machine. Company For Smooth Running and
Accounting work for purchase & sales bills and material stock maintenance using Tally Erp 9.
, Reports & Performa invoice
April 2012-sep-2013
2011-Mar-2012
using standard gauge.
Maharaja Prithvi Engineering college,
sakthi polytechnic college, Sakthi
COMPUTER PROFICIENCY
• Working knowledge of windows and internet
• Working knowledge of accounting software
• Diploma in computer Application certificate issued by
• Basic knowledge of coral draw & Photoshop
TECHNICAL SOFTWARE SKILS
Basic knowledge of
• Programmable logic controller (PLC)
• Supervisory control and data acquisition (SCADA)
• Human machine interface (H
• Distributed control system (DCS)
Certificate issued by Axis global automation
PERSONAL PROFILE
Father’s Name : K.K.Subramanian
Date of Birth : 19.06.1990
Sex : Male
Languages Known : English & Tamil
Marital Status : Single
Permanent Address : 16, Jothi nagar
Pachaimalai road,
Gobichettipalayam
638476
DECLARATION
I hereby declare that all the above information’s furnished are true and correct to the best of my knowledge.
Place:
Date:
Please consider the environment before printing
Working knowledge of windows and internet, and familiar with MS-Word,MS accounting software Tally Erp9.
Diploma in computer Application certificate issued by Adithya Info Tech. knowledge of coral draw & Photoshop
TECHNICAL SOFTWARE SKILS
Programmable logic controller (PLC)
Supervisory control and data acquisition (SCADA)
Human machine interface (HMI)
Distributed control system (DCS)
Axis global automation- Coimbatore.
: K.K.Subramanian
: 19.06.1990
: Male
: English & Tamil
: Single
16, Jothi nagar
Pachaimalai road,
Gobichettipalayam.
638476
I hereby declare that all the above information’s furnished are true and correct to
(S.VIGNESH KUMAR)
consider the environment before printing
Word,MS-Excel.
I hereby declare that all the above information’s furnished are true and correct to
(S.VIGNESH KUMAR)

Contact this candidate
