
Gerald Henson
**** ***** ***** ******
Leland, North Carolina 28451
ac938g@r.postjobfree.com
910-***-****

Professional Summary:

A disciplined Senior Mechanical Engineering Manager, Nuclear, Regulatory, and Compliance Manager, experienced in management of people and projects, process improvements, mechanical design, and development.

Skills and Business Expertise:

●Mechanical Design
●Regulatory and Compliance activities
●New Product Development
●Engineering Change Request and Notice (ECR and ECN) management
●Facilities and Operations Management
●Project Management
●Capital Expenditure Projects
●Policy Deployment (PD) Initiatives
●Strategic Resource Planning
●Standard Work
●Value Added/Value Engineering (VA/VE) Projects
●Kaizen Process Improvements
●Lean Manufacturing
●Leadership

Professional Experience:

Specialty Product Technologies (a division of Fortive Corp., a 6.2 billion company), Elizabethtown, NC
February 2017-Present
Sustaining Engineering Manager
●Manage a team of 8 mechanical, electrical, and regulatory engineers and Co-Ops in Sustainment Activities across multiple diverse manufacturing processes and technological disciplines covering 180 different manufacturing and assembly workcells.
●Provide engineering leadership, writing technical justifications and white papers for dispositions and resolutions for nuclear products, lead Part 21 evaluations and investigations, and supervise the Technical Evaluation (TE) for our nuclear Commercial Grade Dedication (CGD) Process.
●Develop team individual performance goals, track performance and engagement activities, and complete bi-annual performance appraisals for Sustainment Engineering Team.
●Oversee Daily Management goals and priorities, keeping the team focused, engaged, streamlined, and efficient.
●Lead and participate in Kaizen events, Value Added/Value Engineering (VA/VE) Inititatives, Cost-Savings (MCP) projects, Problem Solving (PSP) Processes, Root Cause Determinations, and Failure Modes and Effects Analyses (FMEA).
●Manage the ECR/ECN process, including inter-departmental feasibility assessments, engineering design changes, tooling and re-tooling efforts, bills-of-materials control, and engineering change implementation.
●Manage the Compliance and Regulatory Program, including REACH/RoHS, UL, CE, CSA, Prop 65, and other regulatory and compliance programs.

Marley Engineered Products, (a division of SPX Corp., a 1.5 billion company), Bennettsville, SC.
July 2016-February 2017
Senior Mechanical Engineer, Sustaining Engineering
● Product improvement senior design engineer for nations largest residential and commercial heater manufacturer
● Engineering Change Requests (ECR)
● CAD projects (15 plus years Solidworks experience)
● VA/VE projects, 4DX, Kaizen, and Lean Engineering
● Variation Notice Resolution
● Product testing to validate product improvements
● Compliance management with Safety Agencies (UL, ETL, DOE and others)
● Lead Engineer responsibility for company's single largest customer, Grainger.

Epic Enterprises, Inc.
Southern Pines, NC
April 2014-July 2016
Promoted to Chief Engineer
●Provide daily leadership, direction, mentorship, and prioritization for engineers, quality staff, and machine shop personnel.
●Short-term and long-term feasibility planning and detailed analyses on investment return for business growth strategies, capital equipment needs, tooling and fixturing, gauges, and other internal needs.
●Work collectively with entire team to develop best practices for new projects and continually work to improve existing practices and final approval of process instructions and process improvements (route sheets).
●Technical responsibility for an inventory of over 9,000 different mechanical parts and assemblies and a wide range of services for textile machinery in over 80 countries.
●Final review and approval of all engineering drawings and change requests (ECR).
●Mechanical design and development in 3D Solidworks leading to in-house production ramp-up for CNC machining, milling, stamping, welding, bending, painting, repair, and assembly.
●Work with outside suppliers worldwide to develop parts from molding, laser, water, and plasma cutting, metal spinning, extrusion, casting, and many other processes resulting in a thorough understanding of most manufacturing and finishing processes and materials.
●Expertise in technical problem-solving, process improvements, failure analyses, design and prototype development for parts, assemblies, structures and mechanisms, including heavy package-lifting creel systems.
●Technical account management for customers and suppliers worldwide
●Key decision-making authority, but open door communication with company owner as needed to ensure corporate objectives stay on target.

Epic Enterprises, Inc.
Product Engineering Manager January 2003-April 2014
●Designed new parts, assemblies, and mechanical systems, encompassing all aspects of development from concept to prototype to production
●Process evaluator, cost analyst, trainer.
●Process improvements. Investigate and brainstorm to make processes more efficient, faster, more ergonomic, less waste, etc...
●Strong understanding of Lean Manufacturing and Kaizen methodologies.
●Technical writer for internal and external communication with suppliers and customers
●Developed a quality plan, manual, and all necessary programs and documentation to ‘virtually’ certify company for ISO9001

McMurray Fabrics, Inc. (a 50 Million Company), Aberdeen, NC
April 2001-January 2003
Promoted to Advanced Engineer
●Advanced product design and development in automotive growth sectors
●Designed, developed, and applied for patent for a retractable security shade; designed and developed a fully enclosed convenience net and a portable containment system (patent pending at my departure)

March 2000-April 2001
Automotive Project Engineer

●Designed and developed automotive fabric products for General Motors, Ford, Chrysler, Toyota, and others
●Managed individual programs from concept to prototype to launch
●Performed root cause analyses and developed corrective action plans for nonconforming products utilizing automotive 8-D process

Education:
The University of North Carolina at Charlotte
Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering
●Worked one semester for a professional engineer, Norman Cope and Associates, conducting Forensic Engineering Analysis
●Concentration in Mechanical Engineering: Power-Industry related Nuclear Physics, Heat Transfer, Principles of Energy Conversion, Refrigeration and Air Conditioning, Production and Operations Management

Military Service:
United States Navy, USS Theodore Roosevelt, CVN-71, Norfolk, Virginia
Nuclear Operator/Chief Reactor Watch/Machinist's Mate First Class
●Advanced to E-6 (First Class Petty Officer) in first four years of service
●Awarded Navy Achievement Medal by the Secretary of the Navy
●Qualified Chief Reactor Watch, my senior in-rate qualification
●Worked closely with Newport News Shipyard to assist in construction, testing, and fine-tuning the propulsion plant as an original crewmember
●Unit quality control team member; performed inspections to assist in certification of power plant systems built by Newport News Shipyard
●Divisional Training Petty Officer supervising and training subordinates on all mechanical systems and operations
●Reactor Casualty Assistance Trainer
●Senior mechanical supervisor of all subordinate mechanical watch-stations (Charging Station, Reactor Auxiliaries, Feed Station, Feed Pumps, Coolant Turbine Generator Upper and Lower Levels, and 4th Deck Watch)

REFERENCES AVAILABLE ON REQUEST

Contact this candidate
