
DORA A. STREICHER
**** ****** ******, ***#***
Leeds, AL. 35094
319-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
A dynamic and self-motivated Manager. Demonstrated planning and organizational skills. A self-starter who meet deadlines and requirements while performing multiple tasks. Strong communication and leadership ability recognized by work accomplished on Lean initiatives. Embraces challenges and takes initiatives, working well with cross-functional teams in order to meet organizational goals. Well respected by peers as well as management. Bilingual, fluent in reading, writing, and speaking Spanish. Expertise in the following computer applications:
Microsoft Word 2013
Excel XP 2013
PowerPoint XP 2013
Microsoft Access 2007
MSDS Scanning System
MSDS Search/Retrieval Data
Visio 2013
Microsoft Outlook 2013
FrontPage 2003
SAP Knowledge
Copiers/Plotters/Binding Equipment
●Paragon 5 (Real Estate MLS)
●App Folio

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Key Logistics Solutions, Moody, AL. 05/2017 - 04/2019
Quality/Safety Manager
Managed a successful and efficient safety & quality control department to control all aspect of safety and quality in an ISO certified distribution environment. Reviewed, evaluated and analyzed work environments and design programs and procedures to control, eliminate and prevent disease, accidents or injury and to ensure compliance with safety standards and governmental regulations while correcting any potential hazards. Compiled, analyzed, and interpret statistical data related to occupational illnesses and accidents, Conducted inspections and enforce adherence to laws and regulations governing the health and safety of individuals, including facility safety policies and procedures, and investigate all industrial accidents and injuries, Conducted fire hazard inspections, including the inspection of all fire extinguishers and facilitating of fire evacuation drills Assists Site Management in the use of quality problem solving tools such as Ishikawa, 8D, PDCA. Drives Site Management to achieve safety goals. Provide new-employee health and safety orientations, and develop materials for these presentations Maintain liaisons with outside organizations such as fire departments, rescue teams, security/fire system personnel, so that emergency responses can be facilitated Confer with insurance agents and physicians regarding workers compensation claims Coordinate maintenance, repairs and upgrades with the security and fire protection companies, Direct and facilitate quarterly fire protection inspections, annual fire door drop testing and annual fire extinguisher certification, Manage and direct the pallet repair and cone sorting programs, Manage and direct a safety committee comprised of volunteer employees, Quality; Responsible to Maintain an ISO certified quality program and policy. Create and control local and external work instructions and other documentation, Coordinate and participate in internal and external audits, Participate in orientation sessions and arrange on-the-job training for new hires, Develop, organize and evaluate training programs, manuals, multimedia visual aids, and other educational materials, Drive Site Management to achieve quality goals, Confer and correspond with inventory control, traffic representatives and warehouse personnel to rectify problems, such as damages, shortages, overages and nonconformance to customer specifications, Counsel and evaluate employees in work-related activities, personal growth, and career development, Knowledge of business and management principles involved in strategic planning, resource allocation, leadership technique, production methods, and coordination of people and resources, Knowledge of relevant equipment, policies, procedures and strategies to promote effective local, state or national security operations for the protection of people, data, property and institutions, Skilled in time management, critical thinking, judgment and decision making, learning strategies and social perceptiveness, Human Resources Assistant; Provided assistance to the General Manager in conducting documented new and current employee orientation and training in Quality, Safety, interviewed potential candidates to fill workforce gaps, worked with all functional departments and leadership for all employee assistance, As a bilingual, I interpreted Employee handbooks related to benefits, vacation, production incentives to maintain employee talent, translated operations process and procedures, disciplinarian actions, discrepancies with employee hours and payroll, interpreter at all employee company meetings, and assisted with vendor appointments, and other duties as assigned on a day-to-day basis. Maintenance; Responsible and performed this job successfully in overseeing the facility preventive maintenance, equipment and utilities planning with the support of maintenance personnel. Obtain vendor quotes for review and approval to complete all necessary facility repairs issues as feasible in a safe OSHA compliant manner. Over sought the testing equipment/systems after repairs for proper safe function before releasing to site. Performed internal/Exterior audits on the physical condition of buildings and grounds to prevent deterioration. Performed other warehouse and/or office duties as directed by the General Manager.

TMI Real Estate, Birmingham, AL. 11/2016 to 04/2017
Maintenance (MTC) Coordinator
Responsible for managing 300 plus home owners’ residential rental and apartment properties on “Rent Ready” and general maintenance repairs to completion. Responsible for contacting all home owners/tenants within 24 hours to assist, obtain further maintenance information, and to create/submit a maintenance request form as deemed appropriate. Depended upon the urgency of the MTC request, it’s my responsibility to inform the home owner, contact a contractor to inform them of the tenant MTC issue by telephone, via email, text messaging. Per the contractor availability, it’s my responsibility to assist, and to provide the contractor with the tenant home address, contact information to notify the tenant directly to coordinate an appointment time to come out to the property to obtain/submit a written bid request with attach before pictures of the MTC issue into me by via email within 24/48 hours to submit to the home owner for their review and approval. Upon approval, the contractor is re-contacted to proceed in completing the repairs. It’s my responsibly to conduct follow-up phone calls with the tenant, contractor and home owner on the status of the repair(s) and to verify with all parties the repair(s) are completed within 48/72 hours. The contractor is responsible to provide the MTC Coordinator with completed repair after pictures to provide and inform the home owner, the tenant repair(s) are completed, the maintenance request is closed out, and documentations is submitted to A/P for final contractor payment to be rendered. Other duties assigned, conducted collections on all delinquent rental payments, posted and processed termination notices on all past due tenants on the 15th of every month, assisted tenants/bi-lingual tenants with walk-in rental payments, new client leasing applications, maintenance information, assisted the property manager, real estate agents with new leads, and new home owner management clients/bi-lingual clients.

Whirlpool Amana, Amana, Ia. 03/2016 to 08/2016
Assembler, Door Line #7 Finish
Performed duties such as, rolled freezer door Gaskets, applied Shoulder Pads & Hinges, Shims on 2 & 3 door applications, and inspected all freezer and food refrigeration doors prior to application. Performed other duties in other departments in the Pantry Door Line #7 and Door Foam #1 areas.

Control Installations of Iowa (CI3), Hiawatha, IA. 06/2015 to 04/2016
Office Assistant, Design Drafter
Provided administrative support to CI3 Vice President, engineers, Warehousing, and Human Resources in various duties. Responsible for updating existing engineering electrical/mechanical Visio drawings, submitting all approved drawings to Contractor & Subcontractor through the electronic WE TRANSFER data system, printing of all schematic drawings in various sizes, handling of Customer Service calls, Warehousing; Shipping & Receiving intake, inventory, and delivery & pickup parts driver to onsite projects within the surrounding counties, backup support for the Human Resource Manager; compiling of weekly timecards reporting, daily mail, coordinated meeting luncheons, and other duties as assigned.

Global Filter, Inc., Cedar Rapids, IA. 09/2014 to 06/2015
Quality Control Technician
Responsible for physical inspection, data collection, testing, and documentation of the company's fluid filter products, with focus on filter media, molded components, and finished goods. Work with internal staff and suppliers on continued efforts to characterize and improve all aspects of finished product quality.
Operations support, collects and records quality data for incoming components and manufactured products in accordance with standard procedures. Maintain quality records.
Interacts with vendors and manufacturing personnel as required to further quality objectives.
Develops and administers testing methods for filtration media and finished filter elements.
Assigned to projects to support new product initiatives. Involves sourcing of components,
prototype construction, characterization of product performance, and project documentation.
Involved as needed in related activities including: returned goods evaluation, safety program, facilities support, and miscellaneous tasks as may be assigned.
Experienced in the use of inspection tools (calipers, gauges).
Self-motivated, completion-oriented, and driven to meet plan and schedule objectives.
I bring a mindset towards continuous quality improvement in products and processes.
Ability to manage multiple projects concurrently in a fast-paced environment.
A team member, skilled in relationship building, and maintaining a professional, collaborative work environment.

ROCKWELL COLLINS, Cedar Rapids, IA 10/2013 to 05/2014
Rockwell Collins Customer Service Representative, Repro Graphics
A high energy and self-motivated Clerical Assistant with extensive Reprographics and multi-level Customer Service skills.
Praised for my professional Customer Service relations by coordinating hundreds of clients.
A self-starter whom meets deadlines while performing multiple tasks.
Processed internal Repro graphics customer requests through the BMC Remedy Ticket Portal for all printing, binding, scanning, lamination, Posters, post cards, engineering drawings.
Assisted in the maintenance upkeep on all printers, copiers, scanning equipment through Xerox and other duties as assigned.

AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY, Waterloo, IA. 2/2013 to 09/2013
Administrative Assistant
Provided administrative support to region Income Development and/or Health Initiatives staff members. Prepare correspondence, reports, newsletters, brochures, flyers, invitations, mailings, and registration materials. Develop documents using required branding guidelines and tools for logos, templates, and graphics. Schedule, coordinate, and support meetings and events. Greets and directs incoming calls and visitors to appropriate staff members. Open and sort incoming mail. Prepare outgoing mail, including bulk mailings. Maintain bulk mail account at Post Office and balance on the postage machine. Order Office and event supplies through Society Pathways vendors. Process all donor donations (events, memorials, ACS CAN), with a staff member, volunteer, intern. Coordinate receipt of donations; complete mail log/register for all incoming mail donations through Siebel/OLER systems daily. Complete batch header processing (cash, checks, and credit card management) within 72 hours of receipt. Deliver all batched donations to FedEx for Shared Services. Generate financial and budget reports through Lawson. Process expense statements through EPRF system. Reconcile problem invoices in a timely manner. Ensure all data maintained in TES, Seibel, OLER/Convio system is up-to-date and accurate. Prepare purchase orders; maintain volunteer committee membership and mailing list, and spreadsheets not tracked through TES, (Golf, and Gala Events). Assist in volunteer recruitment and training. Appropriate, address and fulfill all volunteer requests. Coordinate, schedule and direct work of office volunteers. As assigned, assist with administrative support, coordination, scheduling and follow-up of patient service programs. Provide referrals to the National Cancer Information Center or to the Division Patient Service Center for fulfillment of patient service requests.

HYPRO, INC., Cedar Falls, IA. 10/2011 to 01/2013
Engineering/Quality Coordinator
Processed daily Quality Nonconforming Scrap/Rework Tags into Quest database. Created and submitted HyPro Scrap Weekly reporting to John Deere contact. Compiled Shop Order packets documentation to include manufacturing process instruction such as; (Cycle Time Verification ( CTV),Tool Sheets, Control Plan, Process Instruction (PI), Check lists, and blue prints) for all John Deere manufacturing part numbers on behalf of Production Control. Created a tracking database for all CTV’s information for each John Deere part number. Maintained the Engineering/Quality recordkeeping files. Assistant to the Engineering and Quality team member as assigned. Assisted as a receptionist in answering phones, payroll distribution, and assisted applicants with application forms and testing process on behalf of Human Resources Recruiting on a daily basis.
VGM MANAGEMENT, LTD., Waterloo, IA. 4/2011 to 8/2011
Outbound Patient Care Coordinator- Homelink
Helping Workman’s Compensation patient’s to obtain medical supplies or transportation in a timely manner. Contact providers to schedule deliveries, order supplies, and follow up to make sure patients are being treated with the highest level of customer service.
EXPRESS EMPLOYMENT PROFESSIONALS, Cedar Falls, IA. 01/2011 to 4/2011
Sr. Administrative Assistant
Assistant to the Personal Financial Advisor with Administrative, Sales, and Customer Service responsibilities. Assisted various administrative tasks, including expense reports, copies, courier, mail, and filing, handling and directing phone calls and responding to routine customer inquiries. Assisted with maintenance of customer data base, and client management software.
JOHN DEERE POWER SYSTEMS, Cedar Falls, IA. 12/2005 to 01/2011
Senior Administrative Assistant IV
Performs a full range of administrative support duties of a confidential and challenging nature; facilitates work flow through a manager’s office using organizational knowledge to determine how to handle incoming request and assignments, including work going to and from other managers; typically reports to an executive or head of a major function; and may provide guidance and limited work direction to others or perform project work consistent with the skills and skill level found in the jobs other work.
Supported Vice President, of Engineering and Manufacturing Operations and Manager, of Continuous Improvement and Staff.
Main duties and responsibilities included: Receives and refers visitors and telephone callers within the department, ensuring that callers reach their intended destination.
Schedules meetings, coordinates travel arrangements, and maintain appointment calendars on behalf of department managers or supervisors; may coordinate meeting amenities (i.e. refreshments, etc.).
Facilitates and organizes workflow through the supervisor’s office, ensuring that all items requiring follow up action are addressed by the supervisor.
Produces complex reports, correspondence, and presentations utilizing sensitive or confidential company information. Develops and maintains more complex web sites with the assistance of basic web publishing software applications.
Creates and maintains sensitive department records; uses data to prepare letters and memoranda for supervisor’s signature.
Responds to inquiries from internal and external customers that do not require the supervisor’s attention. Refers complex or highly sensitive issues to the supervisor.
Mentors less experienced peers or delegates work to others. Coveys supervisor’s instructions and requirements to others, and exchanges information with senior managers on the supervisor's behalf.
Supply Management Administrative and Management Support
Coordinated printing, binding materials for Supplier Conferences, Exhibitions, and Meetings

BLACKHAWK ENGINEERING, INC., Cedar Falls, IA. 07/2004 to 12/2005
Engineering Clerk, ISO Coordinator, Quote Analyst,
Support Sales & Marketing Manager as Quote Analyst in setting up and submitting newly and updated quotes electronically through the John Deere Collaboration System.
Work closely with John Deere personnel. Manually check blueprint drawings for updates on revision level & dates. Maintains, prepares, and/or distributes engineering information to affected personnel and departments.
Maintain engineering files, FMEA’s and gnat Charts, Standard Procedures, Operations Manuals, & Temporary Process Alerts, Operator instructions, routing books, process books, and prints within the plant. Maintain and controls all ISO related documents.
Post changes to computerized or manual control records, release documents, and notifies affected departments. Perform clerical tasks for Engineering Department as required including filing, preparing copies and blueprints, preparing routine reports, ordering office supplies and maintains engineering library.
Monitor/coordinate specific activities in department as assigned. Distribute/file ECR/ECN materials and log into book. Track and follow-up on all corrective actions.
TPA’s and Opportunities for Improvements. Maintain minutes from the Engineering & Staff Meetings. Update specification manuals.
Occupational Health & Safety Training Coordinator. Maintains the OOPS system for the maintenance department. Backup support for payroll coordinator. Perform other duties as assigned.

ROCKWELL COLLINS, Cedar Rapids, IA 4/1998 to 10/2003
Engineering Project Specialist, 2002-2003
Data Manager for the Integrated Information Systems (I2S) AFIS (Airbus In-Flight Information System) Program with Airbus France on the A340/500/600 Aircraft.
This includes the electronic and hardcopy transfer of technical data with our customer and the teams in Rockwell Collins France, Air Transport Systems, and Communications System Division. Tracked action items, coordinated memorandums and risks in Program Data Tracker and report weekly and programs and technical meetings.
Researched and acquired industry and regulatory documentation for the AFIS Team. Created compliance matrices for tracing requirements in the systems requirements documentations.
Ran queries and reports in the Access databases the Change Review Boards for the various Line Replaceable Units of the Integrated Information (I2S) product line.
Facilitated the release of systems documentation with software control library.
Supported the I2S process improvement and road mapping activities, which included strategic planning of the product line program management, HW, SW, and systems engineering.
Provided engineering support to lessen the administrative burden on line engineers (provided graphics support, IT/foreign national security access support, took meeting minutes, and administratively assigned action items).
Senior Administrative Assistant, 1998-2002
Promoted from Senior Administrative Assistant to Engineering Project Specialist.

PMX INDUSTRIES, INC., Cedar Rapids, IA. 1993 to 1998
Occupational Safety and Health Specialist
Occupational Safety and Health Specialist working in the insurance and workman’s compensation fields. Experience included: Workman Compensation Case Manager; Environmental Safety and Health record keeper (Material Safety Data Sheets); Workman’s Compensation Investigator; Safety and First Aid Supply Manager; Safety and Health Training Manager. Met strict OSHA requirements. Used excellent communication skills to form positive relationships with insurance companies, medical personnel, and claimants.
Successfully managed a workman’s compensation program that handled 100 plus caseloads per year.
Conducted thorough and accurate workman’s compensation investigation that reduced company costs significantly.
Reduced annual Pulmonary Function Testing by 20% by instituting cost reduction and safety and health economics practices which reduced spending from $6,000 in 1996 to $2,950 in 1997.
Reduction of 10% in cost of first aid medical supplies from 1996 to 1997, and a reduction of 10% in cost of prescription medicines for workman’s compensation use from 1997 to 1998.
Rated as an Occupational Safety and Health Specialist who met and exceeded expectation on biannual performance evaluations for 4 consecutive years.

PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
Various formal educational training, seminars and symposiums:
OSHA Record Keeping
Current Issues on Workman’s Compensation, and Fraud in Workman’s Compensation
Bloodborne Pathogen Standards
Early Response on First Aid & Injury Treatment
Hearing Conservation
Toyota Production Processes (MDP Program)
IDEAS Employee Board Program
Implementation of various Employee Quality/Safety and QIT Committees

Contact this candidate
