
SCOTT GRIFFIN
**** ****** *** **. ***** Ridge, LA 70123
ac93ii@r.postjobfree.com - 504-***-****
EDUCATION
GEORGETOWN UNIVERSITY, School of Business Washington, DC Masters of Business Administration, Finance May 2000
VP Finance Club, French Intensive Language Program, and Chambre de Commerce de Paris mini-internship. UNITED STATES NAVAL ACADEMY Annapolis, MD
Bachelor of Science, Mechanical Engineering May 1984
Graduated with Merit, Varsity Letter Winner, and State of Maryland Engineer-In-Training. EXPERIENCE
EVONIK/Roehm America Westwego, LA
Plant Manager October 2018 – August 2019
Led a 100-person Chemical plant with 80 Evonik personnel and 20 permanent onsite contractors with Evonik hourly workers represented by the United Steel Workers.
Plant is a continuous process plant with distillation columns and is an OSHA PSM facility with Highly Hazardous Materials within the Cornerstone Chemical Company multi-plant site producing Methyl Methacrylate and Methacrylic Acid for the automotive, building products, and coatings industries.
Improved working relationship with USW and resolved two open arbitrations in the company’s favor.
Developed 2019 budget and 2019 manufacturing plan.
Led plant TPM program, which included 5S, CLIs, work standardization and digitalization, and cross fictional improvement teams.
Completed large month long plant maintenance turnaround on time and with no injuries.
Coordinated with Cornerstone management for services and raw material needs as specified in site service agreement. MONSANTO Luling, LA
Central Engineering Manager September 2016 – October 2018
Led the Central Engineering/Capital project group at the Monsanto Luling Chemical Plant with 30 direct reports, including engineering, drafting, and construction management with an annual budget of $41.5 million.
Coordinates 70-person onsite contractor project team to complete projects safely, on time and on budget.
Responsible for the completion of $50 million in plant ancillary projects to support $1 billion plant expansion project. Production Unit Area Leader June-2014-August 2016
Led a 35-person batch process unit with a $20 million budget producing 250 million lbs. per year of Glyphosate Intermediate for use in Roundup Crop Protection products. Plant is a PSM plant with Highly Hazardous Materials.
During FY15 broke existing production volume records while remaining on budget with no injuries.
Managed two large 14-day maintenance outages with no injuries.
Led the plant wide maintenance improvement team, and the GI North Safety and Environmental improvement team.
Leader on the Yield Improvement and Optimization teams receiving Supply Chain One Team Excellence Award in 2016. US SILICA COMPANY Berkeley Springs, WV
Plant Manager Dec 2013-June 2014
Led a 76-person, Teamster Union represented Silica mine and processing plant producing 360,000 tons per year of ground and unground silica products for the glass, building products, defense, consumer products, and recreational industries.
Developed a $1.5 Million capital plan to improve plant productivity and to address new environmental requirements. NATIONAL GYPSUM COMPANY Westwego, LA and Phoenix, AZ Plant Manager Westwego, LA March 2012-Dec 2013
Led a 280 million square feet capacity, 50-person wallboard plant with hourly associates represented by both the United Steel Workers and the International Association of Machinist.
Developed two-year capital plan to improve Mill Depart. reliability and productivity running 100% Synthetic Gypsum
Redesigned Paper removal system, which eliminated conveying issues and allowed use of recycled material
Installed VFD Drives on main process Calcidynes fans eliminating excessive motor losses
Developed $750,000 project to address synthetic gypsum conveying and storage issues 2
Upgraded control systems and implemented SOPs in mill department to improve rock dryer and cage mill operations.
Renegotiated a three-year contract with the IAM and resolved member discontent after contract was initially rejected.
Implemented Lite Weight wallboard production and improved processes to reduce complaints and improve productivity.
Revitalized plant safety programs and preventative maintenance programs. Plant Manager & Quarry Manager Phoenix, AZ March 2006-Feb 2012
Successfully led the 50-person Phoenix Wallboard and Winkelman Quarry team for 6 years:
No lost work day injuries in 6 years and plant certified as an OSHA SHARP employer.
Acted as maintenance manager and plant engineer managing the maintenance team and completing capital projects.
Implemented 7 new products including: Hi-impact, Hi-abuse, EXP sheathing, Thermal Core, and 1/2” High Strength Lite.
Working with Corporate environmental, outside contractors, and the county, updated the plant’s air permit.
Acted as project manager on the $10,000,000 quarry expansion, which included working with the Pinal County Air Quality Department to complete the project’s Air Permit.
Developed the quarry reclamation plan to the State Mine Inspectors Office, which was approved. TEMPLE-INLAND FOREST PRODUCTS Diboll, TX
Operations Manager and Plant Manager August 2002-February 2006
Managed the operations of a 300 person $80 million in sales 450 MM sq ft per year Wet-Dry process Mfg plant manufacturing hardboard siding and soft board exterior sheathing with two fourdrinier machines, one multiple opening press, four fabrication-paint production lines, a 150,000 lb/hr process boiler, and a waste water treatment facility.
Reorganized 60-person maintenance department and implemented corporate Maintenance Standardization program.
Refocused capital spending program to modernize plant and to implement high ROI projects vs. replacement.
As a Six Sigma Black Belt led plant CPI process to identify and implement projects to reduce manufacturing waste.
Managed a $2,000,000 process boiler major rebuild project, which included replacing steam drum and tubes.
Completed financial evaluations of two mfg facilities with $105 MM in annual sales and completed $2.8 MM in annual manning reductions, identified $3.5 MM in operational savings, and initiated capital projects with a 52% ROA.
Analyzed, modeled, and coordinated potential purchase of a Masonite hardboard plant including product conversion cost estimate, start-up manning, production capability, environmental concerns, and profitability/ROA projections. PG&E ENERGY TRADING Bethesda, MD
Director: Mid-Marketing Natural Gas Derivatives November 2001-July 2002
Marketed both physical and financial natural gas products to producers and consumers. ENRON CORPORATION Houston, TX
Associate: M&A, Financial-Physical Trading, and Derivatives Marketing August 2000-November 2001
Marketed financial derivatives to consumers and producers of crude and refined products, including structuring, pricing and execution of derivatives transactions such as options, swaps, collars, extendables, swaptions, and spread options.
In the M&A group, analyzed, modeled, and coordinated transaction for the acquisition of a Czech Paper Company. INTERNATIONAL PAPER-Masonite Division Danville, VA; Towanda, PA; Chicago, IL and Hangzhou, PRC Senior Engineer and Maintenance Manager November 1992- August 1998
As project Lead engineer, developed the design and budget for a $100 million plant in the People’s Republic of China.
Completed financial analysis and briefed senior executives on the budget, risk factors, and returns of the China Project.
Led the design team in developing an accurate cost estimate while collaborating with Chinese Design Institutes.
Managed a 40-person maintenance dept. with a $3 million annual budget and implemented SAP Management System.
Forecasted spending and targeted savings that reduced maint. cost by $500,000 while meeting productivity goals.
Developed and managed 18 Capital projects totaling $1.5 million, all on time and within budget.
As a QIP Team Leader implemented team ideas that reduced downtime 35% and reduced annual waste by $100,000. UNITED STATES NAVY Jacksonville, FL, San Diego, CA and Naples, Italy Lieutenant, Naval Flight Officer May 1984- June 1992
Qualified as a Mission Commander in S-3 aircraft tasked with the successful and safe completion of mission objectives.
Led 45 aircraft mechanics as a Maintenance Division Officer in the fast-paced world of Carrier Aviation.
As an Aviation Logistics Officer in Naples, Italy, coordinated all fleet aviation logistics throughout Europe, the Mediterranean, and the Middle East resulting in the command’s award of the Meritorious Unit Citation.
Awarded the Navy Achievement Medal for outstanding performance during Operation Desert Storm.

Contact this candidate
