
Raj Kumar Eakambram

i

Objective

To hold a safety position in an organization, which would provide me with adequate challenges and opportunities to use and augment my knowledge and skills in a manner beneficial to the organization by minimizing the work place hazards & improving productivity of the employees.

Personal Information

Nationality INDIAN
Birth day July 28, 1994
ID passport N6243103
Position HSE OFFICER

Languages

Tamil – Mother tongue
English Written & Spoken – Fluent
Other Languages – Tamil, Telugu, Kannada, Hindi, English

Education & Skills

Safety Catch – (Eddappaly, Kerala) – (2019)
National Examination Board of Occupational Safety and Health. (NEBOSH)-IGC

Bharat Sevak Samaj (BSS) – (Chennai) – (2015 – 2016)
Advanced diploma in Occupational safety, health & environmental management. (ADOSHEM)

POSHE Safety Institute (Chennai) - (2016)
Institution of Occupational Safety and Health. (IOSH)-Managing Safely
M.S Ramaiah Polytechnic (Bangalore) - (2010-2015)
Diploma in Mechanical. (General)
M.S Ramaiah High School (Bangalore) - (2008-2010)
Class 7th to 10th Standard.

Job Related Courses
Fire Fighting Basic – Cochin Shipyard (Kerala)
Permit to work as per Qatar petroleum.
First Aid –H2S
Job Safety Analysis
WMS (Work Management System)
E-PTW as per Qatar Gas South.
Heat Stress Prevention from Ras Gas Company Limited, RLIC, Qatar

Professional Experience

From December 2016 up to present (Oil & Gas). Cape East Limited (Altrad Cape)
QATARGAS (South) Formally known as Ras Gas. (Ras Laffan, Doha, Qatar)
Position: HSE OFFICER.
Work Experience

Safety Induction for new worker
Ensure that all workers abiding with the safety rules and regulations being implemented on the site
Maintain evaluate and interpret accident prevention
Report on the job safety performance
Arranging weekly safety meeting & preparing minutes of meeting
Preparing HSE statically report
Inspect the electrical equipment for proper grounding and connection
Monitoring all areas for violating and hazards
Having full authority to stop the work unsafe & remove from job site
Complete necessary inspection reports for vehicles and heavy equipment
Arranging weekly tool box meeting
Maintain log of Fire Extinguisher
Conduct the daily routine inspection all office area, workshop area and mess hall area
Implementation of safety procedure
Inspection supervision of safety of equipment hazard handling storage of dangerous and harmful substances
Hand tool, Machine tool daily inspection
Identified potentially hazardous area
Preparation of work site (1) Hot Work, (2) Cold Work, (3) Confined space Entry.
Carry out risk assessment for the job and communicate hazards.
Taken part in discussion on the injury, damage and near misses.
Determining the causes of any accident or dangerous occurrence and recommended means of preventing them.
Keeping up to date with recommended Codes of practice and safety literature.
Attending meeting where safety is an item in the agenda and keep all the records of safety meetings on site with subject and attendance.
Prepare weekly and monthly HSE reports.

Worked with various clients in QATAR.

1.RAS GAS Ras Laffan, Doha, QATAR
2.QATAR GAS(South) Ras Laffan, Doha, QATAR

From Feb 2016 up to December 2016 Cape East Limited (Altrad Cape)
Ras Gas
Position: Permit Holder (PTW)
Work Experience

Supervising and controlling the site activities.
Daily reporting about progress, on compliance, delay in work to the top level.
Activity progress and man power reporting and updating schedules.
Prepare/Maintain progress reports & related documentation requirement at site.
Responsible to communicate the task updates/details of Issuing Authority, Discipline Supervisor and field operator.
Submission of permit pack to Issuing Authority.
Carried out “Job Safety Analysis” for selected jobs.

From March 2015 up to Jan 2016
NASH Industries INDIA Pvt. Ltd. (Peenya, Bangalore)
Position: Junior Costing Engineer
Work Experience

Cost estimation of the project.
3D modeling and Drafting using CAD tool like CatiaV5 and AutoCAD.
Preparation of Development & production drawings referring Design & Manufacturing Standards.
Verification & review of new product development.
Preparation of concept Design and Proto development as per customer requirement.
Documentation of customer standards and special quality requirements.

Worked with various clients in Bangalore, INDIA.
1.APC
2.Schneider
3.VOLVO
4.Scania
5.Hitachi
6.Alstom
7.Mitsubishi…
Skills

Flexible & Self Motivated
Hard working, diligence and willing to take up responsibility.
Polite Personality
Ability to Share Information and work as a team
Ability to deal with confidential information
Quick learner and eagerness to explore.
Excellent verbal communication skills.

Computer Skills
Skill in using a computer with word processing, spreadsheet, Microsoft office, and other business software to prepare reports, and PPT.
Catia V5, Auto Cad 2D, Solid Works (2013).

Interests & Activities

Playing Cricket, Kabbadi, Volleyball, Shuttle Badminton.
Reading
Learning
Painting
Drawing.

Preferences
All the References & Certificates Will be Provided Upon Request

Mobile: +974 - 70222148 or +91 - 948-***-**** Address: No.13, 2nd Cross Near railway Colony L.G Halli R.M.V 2nd Stage Bangalore – 560094, INDIA.. Email: ac943a@r.postjobfree.com

Contact this candidate
