
ERIC M. JOHNSON
**** **. ****** *****
McKinney, Texas 75070
949-***-****
ac94hy@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/ejohnsoneit/

SUMMARY

A savvy and highly resourceful production engineer with multi-industry experience, specializing in program and project management, continuous improvement, root cause analysis, data management, operations oversight, staff training and development, process mapping, and incident investigations. A proven track record of utilizing Lean manufacturing and Six Sigma methodologies to facilitate sustained improvements in key functions and overall output. Excels at overseeing efforts to streamline and enhance engineering functions to maximize efficiency and productivity. A driven producer who maintains impactful and proven engineering practices for a highly enterprising organization.

EXPERIENCE

DAISY BRAND, Garland, Texas
Manufacturing Systems Engineer, 2018-2019

Collaborated with technicians to identify continuous improvement projects while improving ease of use of existing data collection system to provide clear project justification. Utilized SCADA and Historian software to develop data driven understanding of seasonal trends and opportunities for process improvement. Provided detailed insight and training on manufacturing process as the subject matter expert on all packaging components site wide.

●Selected as Cause Map Champion: Tasked to provide training and coaching for a companywide focused problem-solving methodology.
●Worked to reduce package failure in transit concerns by 99% to retain a business-critical customer that accounted for approximately $20,000,000 in annual revenue.
●Developed in-depth analysis of cooling store capacity based on production throughput in preparation for capital expansion.

SOLVAY, Anaheim, California
Production Engineer, 2014-2018

Managed quality and production Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) for thermoset and thermoplastic pre-impregnated carbon fiber composites. Conducted Workout-Lite and Kaizen sessions to identify and prioritize continuous improvement efforts. Created SOPs and conducted trainings for operation and maintenance of thermoplastic extruder. Maintained Bills of Materials (BOM) and scrap factors to reduce production cost variances and drive sustainable cost saving strategies.

●Earned “Leading By Example Award” during tenure
●Led four Lockheed Martin Material Quality reviews to show statistical process control and continuous improvement.
●Created operator-driven data collection tool designed to track overall equipment effectiveness, implement short interval control, and identifying focused improvement projects (tracker coded in VBA).
●Managed operations through $3,500,000 machine retrofit on capacity constrained strategic asset to double output.
●Lead the manufacturing excellence transformation at the site level by implementing OEE metrics and leading team of 24 operators across four sessions in process mapping and irritant resolution idea generation sessions to identify and prioritize focused improvement effort

VENTURA FOODS, LLC, Ontario, California
Maintenance Supervisor, 2013-2014

Managed crew of 11 mechanics over 24-hour operation to service and conduct focused improvement on 13 lines. Conducted mechanical surveys and mechanical drawing reviews of strategic equipment and designed projects to reduce mean time between failures. Led teams in incident investigations and corrective actions. Managed valve tag lists. Oversaw hazardous condition line breaks, confined space entry and hot work permits for maintenance and emergency repairs.

●Installed new six lane filler at cost of $1,500,000 for retail market spreadable margarines.
●Created process safety information database for all equipment in ammonia refrigeration system and bolstered Process Safety Management (PSM) program by validating P&IDs in AutoCAD and creating the site wide Process Safety Information Folder.
●Guided and facilitated training with OEM technicians to increase changeover efficiency on fillers and case packers (approximately 140 hours of training)

Associate Reliability Engineer, 2012-2013

Drove focused continuous improvement through Kaizen sessions and Lean manufacturing outlined in total productive maintenance principles. Developed additional downtime codes and gathered multiple data sources to analyze mean time between failures and validate production efficiency. Utilized resulting automated spreadsheet to conduct root cause analysis. Analyzed and developed process parameters using data trending software (Factory Talk Historian)

●Developed washout matrix to minimize changeovers through product planned sequencing (reduced washout times by approximately 30%)
●Improved overall equipment efficiencies via Lean manufacturing practices, including machine failure analysis, autonomous maintenance implementation, and strategic process improvement projects.

INTERNSHIP EXPERIENCE

VENTURA FOODS, LLC, Ontario, California
Engineering Intern, 2011-2012. Served on projects and project teams providing solutions for utilities management, safety, and mechanical design. Attended daily production efficiency meetings to identify and develop strategies to eliminate reoccurring downtime. Collaborated on interdepartmental teams to improve production rates and reduce rework and destroyed product.

PROJECT PARTNERS, Irvine, California
Intern, 2005-2011. Cultivated familiarity with Excel and Access in regards to data manipulation and conversion. Maintained professional society section of web page through the Adobe Design Suite, learning to effectively communicate with working professionals.

EDUCATION

CALIFORNIA STATE POLYTECHNIC UNIVERSITY, Pomona, California
B.S., Engineering Technology, 2011

CERTIFICATIONS

Six Sigma Green Belt
California State Engineer in Training Certification
Certified IS09100:2009 Internal Auditor
RETA Ammonia Operator I and II

Contact this candidate
