
Objective:

Seek a fulfilling position that the company was given to me and fully
Contribute my knowledge and skills through my educational
Background and work experience.

Personal Information:

Name : Ricardo L. De Guzman
Permanent Address : #35 Palapat Hagonoy Bulacan, Philippines
Current Address : Villa 32 Al Gharafa Doha Qatar
Mobile : +974********
Email address : ac9500@r.postjobfree.com
Birthday : March 27 1980
Sex : Male
Age : 38
Religion : Roman Catholic
Birth Place : Hagonoy Bulacan
Civil Status : Single
Citizenship : Filipino
Father's name : Ignacio de Guzman
Occupation : Fore man/Contractor
Mother's name : Demetria de Guzman
Occupation : None
Personality : Trustworthy, Friendly, and Hardworking

Educational Background:

Elementary : Saint John Elementary school, San Juan Hagonoy Bulacan, 1987-1993
Secondary : Saint Anne’s Catholic high School, Hagonoy Bulacan, 1994-1998
College : Bachelor of Science in Commerce, at the University Of Regina Carmelli, 1999-2003 PESFA Scholarship in Commission on Higher Education or CHED

Skills:

Ability to plan design and manage to what the target goal of the company
Ability to copes with heavy workloads and meet deadline
Willing to work in long hour with minimum supervision

Work Experience:

Position Company Term
Head Chef Alshaya Company Cafe Coco Store Feb 2017 up to present
Head Chef/Kitchen Mngr. Manuel Cafe/Al Aman Regional Comp. Sept 2016 - Jan 2017
Sous Chef Spazio Cafe Italian Restaurant Dec.2013- Aug. 2015
Cook Trainer T.G.I. Fridays Kuwait July 2009-Oct. 2013
Line Cook Apple bees Doha Qatar October2007-August2008
Production Planner
And Inventory Vitarich Corporation, Jan.2005-Jan.2007
Controller
Analyst

Job Descriptions:

Head Chef:
Maintained brand Standard.
Monthly Food Safety Audit
Ordering Food and raw Material from the supplier
Controlling budget and keeping accurate records
Planning Menus
Organizing the staff duty rotation
Recruiting and training and developing the staff
Ensure that dishes are prepared and cooked according to the specific restaurant standards.
Audit, compute, and analyze for all raw materials
Prepare Inventory for the raw material control system
Prepare and submit daily performance and report require from time to time
Prepare handle costing, budgeting and managing.
Investigate costumer complained
Maintained production or work record
Use oral or written communication techniques

Sous Chef:
Running the kitchen when the head chef is away
Ensuring the standards procedures provided by the company
Managing food purchasing and storage
Maintaining a safe and hygienic kitchen environment
Helping create new recipes and write menus
Report directly to the executive chef
Supervising other kitchen staff
Planning and directing food preparation, managing kitchen staff, Training and scheduling

Cook Trainer:
Prepare weekly and monthly inventory and monitor the raw material control system
Check the availability of stocks and consumption for each recipe
Ensure all operating procedures comply with the company standard
Ensuring all the equipment, machine, tools, and utensils are organize and working
Prepare and cook full course meals
Prepare and cook special meals for patients as instructed by dietitian or chef
Ensure quality of food and determine size of food proportions
Prepare dishes for customers with food allergies or intolerances
Inspect kitchens and food service areas
Ensure the cleanliness and safetiness of kitchen and working areas
Work with minimal supervision
Train staff in preparation, cooking and handling of food
Work with specialized cooking equipment (deep fryer, sauté, nacho, broiler, etc.)
Check the temperature both hot food and cold food
Awareness of cross contamination for raw food ready to eat food

Expediter: Garnishing the order, call lead time for every two minutes, and
Check the food temperature and call for runners.
Comply with food handling and guidelines.
Apply the picture perfect plate's presentation.
Expedite the order.
Call for burning and ensure hot food is hot and cold food is cold.
Use proper labeling containers.
Inform line cook about progress of order and priority ticket
Ensure the cleanliness and safety of working area.
Check the availability of the product.

Production Planner and Inventory Controller Analyst:
Checking Availability of raw material and supplement.
Supervise feed mill operator, raw material worker and other production worker.
Inspect raw material and feeds being pour and elevate
Check and approve withdrawal of supplement.
Turn over material and feeds, clogging status of all bins and unfinished production schedule.
Prepare and submit daily performance and report require from time to time.
Raw material controller and inventory controller.
Compute raw material requirement base on given allocation and formulation.
Batching monitoring and handle subordinate.
Ensure safety practices and cleanliness of working area.

I hereby certify that the above information is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Applicant Signature

Contact this candidate
