
(V.Swaminathan)
RESUME
V.SWAMINATHAN
SUPERVISOR (MECHANICAL)
Kuniyamuthur
Coimbatore 641008
Mobile : 0091-995-***-****
****-962-***-****
Email. v. ac95j9@r.postjobfree.com
ac95j9@r.postjobfree.com
ac95j9@r.postjobfree.com
CAREER PROFILE :
Progressive 30 yrs of experienced SUPERVISOR (MECH). Beginning with machinist then improved my skill set as fitter,head fitter, foreman, supervisor level. 18 years experienced in cement industry as foreman in Associated cement companies ltd Mumbai. 11 years experienced machine shop in charge / Floor Supervisor in oil Field equipment Manufacture Company in the Name of Specialized oil filed products Llc Abhudhabhi UAE. one year experienced Service Engineer in SAM Turbo industry pvt ltd coimbatore India. CAREER HISTORY :
Sam Turbo Industry Pvt Ltd.
Neelambur Coimbatore.
Since 2018
POSITION : Service Engineer
Assembling and servicing of centrifugal pumps likes water pump, chemical pumps slurry pumps,paper and pulp stock pumps in various capacity and head.
Following types pumps are handled water pumps (WP),Chemical Process pump (CPC) Process pumps (TCH), Pulp and paper Stock pumps(TPS,SPS),horizontal split case Pumps (ZM/AD)vertical pumps
(VO/VG),medium Concidence pump (TPS+H ),Mixed flow pumps
(MF),slurry pumps (AR/ARS ), Multi stage pumps (MD) Page 1..
(V.Swaminathan)
Specialized Oilfield Products LLC.,
Abu Dhabi U.A.E Sep,2005 to Sep 2016
POSITION : Machine shop in charge –Machinist / Floor Supervisor
.
1. Develop positional rotation to support continuous improvement and operator developments
2. Improvement Responsible for continuous improvements for customer concern on time delivery through Schedule attainment, quality, Scrap reduction, safety and moral leads team through problem solving process document issues and identifies solution that prevent recurrence develop job breakdown own and standardized work process with team, perform time studies of operations while developing and performing with the team work sequence standardized work and talk time charting. 3. Performance Management:
4. Communication effectively communicates performance in all aspects of the business including but not limited to policy, safety, quality, delivery, avidity delivery productivity during pre shift meeting and team meeting. 5. To ensure accurate manufacturing of direct mail as Specified by work orders to ensure that all mailing are in a accordance with postal regulations. 6. Work with General manager and program managers to ensure proper resources exist to support the current programming. 7. To animalize procedures and recommend / implement measures to improve production methods, equipment performance quality of product and implement changes to increase affiance of department or work crew. 8. To maintain high level of morale and team work on the production floor through frequent commucation with employees to keep them informed of any new products and or procedure and to listen employees concerns. 9. Monitor and assure a safe work environment through process adherence and hazard elimination/ mitigation (PPE, Lockout/ tag out, Machine, Guarding etc.) and have hazard elimination / mitigation.
10. To evaluate employee performance against pre established standard of performance in accordance with company policy to provide coaching and counseling to employees which will encourage professional growth as well as meet short and long term goals.
Page 2..
(V.Swaminathan)
ACCLtd, Mumbai,India. November 1987 to September 2005 Position : Head fitter / foreman (Mech)
Worked as a Machine Tool operator in workshop Machines like Lathe, Shaper,Slotter Planar and Radial Drilling Machines
Making Shaft, Couping, Busnes Flangs adjusting Bolts Pump Shaft, etc as per drawing and instructions.
Worked as a Maintenance Fitter in various departments like Raw Mill, Floatation, Kiln, Cement Mill and Packing house.
Worked in Wet Kiln, Semi dry and Dry Processing Cement Plants in different parts of India as Commissioning team Head Fitter.
Supervising, Working and Maintenance of Flotation cells, Ball mills Maintenance and replacing grate plates, grinding medias
Supervising, Working and Maintenance knowledge in Cement field Machineries like both type
Crushers, Raw Mills, Cement Mills, Kiln and all type of Gear Boxes Belt Conveyers and Bucket Elevators.
Best knowledge in Alignment job like heavy duty Motors, Mills and Kiln using precision Instruments.
Supervising, Working and Maintenance in all water pumps, Slurry pumps and specially designed heavy duty exhaust fans.
Supervising, Working and maintenance knowledge in vertical roller Mill
(VRM), ESP and all type dust collectors.
Keep records and reported use of equipment.
Developed specifications from general description of parts or assemblies to be fabricated and drew or sketched device to be made.
Made estimates of time and materials required to complete an assignment.
Keep and implementing ISO standard HSEQ Policy all times. EDUCATION AND TRAINING :
Vocational training in trade of machine tool operator at Kymore Engineering Institute, Jabalpur,MP, India in the year November 1987.
Vocational training in trade of Machinist at Government Industrial Training Institute,Tiruchirapalli, Tamil Nadu, India in the year July 1985.
HSC from State Broad of Education, Tamil Nadu in the year March 1983.
SSLC from State Broad of Education, Tamil Nadu in the year March 1981.
Fire and Safety and Handling of hand tools and Material Handling in GTSC, Abu Dhabi. U.A.E
Page 3..
(V.Swaminathan)
PERSONAL DETAILS:
Nationality : Indian
Date of Birth : 19/7/1966
Marital Status : Married
Passport No : L3886217
Date of Issue : 18/08/2013
Date of Expiry : 17/08/2023
I hereby declare that the information provided above is true to my knowledge and references can be provided on request.
(V.SWAMINATHAN)

Contact this candidate
