
SCOTT WISINSKI
Broadway, VA « 540-***-**** « ac9658@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/pub/scott-wisinski/5b/714/b2b/

DIRECTOR, MANAGER
quality, Manufacturing, Production, Technology, Project Management, Organizational and Operational Management, Research and Development, Healthcare, and Customer Excellence
”If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader” - John Quincy Adams

A Leader with experience and knowledge in several industries with a proven record of success through Innovation, Vision, Creativity, and Strategic Planning. Currently Searching for a New Position as a Director/Manager where I can Apply my Experience, Knowledge, and Skills adding Value to the Team and the Companies Continued Success. Highly Focused on Green, Sustainability, Science, and New Technologies. Ensuring Quality and and Best Practices are Followed. A Resilient Strategist who ‘Gets the Job Done,’ Empowering Employees, and Building Cross-Functional Team Collaboration. A Far-Sighted, Strategic Planner, Visionary Leader and Thinker, ‘Leveraging ‘Industry Awareness,’ Anticipating Emerging Trends, and New Technologies, Meeting the Company and Customers Vision and Goals.

Core Competencies:
Progressive Leadership People Leader, Lead by Example Professional Acumen Business Development Strategic Planning Quality Workforce Management and Employee Development Multitasking and Time Management Project Management Teamwork through Collaboration Integrity, Empathy, Trustworthy, Dedication, Active Listening, Process Focused Vendor/Supplier Management Logistics, Shipping and Receiving, Purchasing and Procurement Innovation Science Green Sustainability Research and Development Detail Orientated and Highly Organized Inventory and Budget Management Organizational and Operational Management Best Practices Detailed Document Development Excellent Verbal, Written, Communication Skills Bio/Pharma Government Regulations Compliance; OSHA, EHS, FDA, 21 CFR, cGMP Customer Service, Satisfaction and Excellence TPM TQM ERP Conflict and Risk Management

Education:
BS, Computer Engineering/Science
BS, Psychology
Georgia State University May 1976 – August 1980

professional experience:

Company Confidential Washington, DC
A private company in the technology sector developing new technologies to improve the quality of human health.

Principal Consultant June 2017 – December 2018
scope: Nano-Science/Nanotechnology, R&D

Shentel Communications Edinburg, VA
A telecommunications, wireless, and wireline company, with $151.6 M in annual revenue and an operating income of $133.5 M

Network Operations Center (NOC) Technician September 2016 – May 2017
scope: Provided maintenance support of network operations equipment, achieved installations, and increased speed for telephony switching, fiber optic transport, data switching and routing, DSL and, TDM and Ethernet-based services.
Maintain the technical performance for video processing, power equipment, and CPE devices. Maintained technology and enabled voice, video, and data networks.
Led the development of the escalation processes for field and network operations.

Time Warner Cable Herndon, VA
The second largest cable company in the US with a revenue of $31.3M before the Charter Communications Acquisition.
Director of Quality Assurance March 2002 – June 2012
Scope: Two direct report managers and fifty-eight engineers. Led QA and testing of sophisticated network hardware and software infrastructure, customer premise equipment, web, and cloud-based software applications, and (IoT), ‘Internet of Things,’ development board member.

Executed the quality deficiency and resolution delivery documentation through managers, technical leads, and field engineers for all end-users involving customers, vendors, and internal business units.
Ensured Regulations and Requirements were in Compliance with Government and Local Jurisdictions.
Represented the company as “Quality Champion” and (SME), ‘Subject Matter Expert’ on several governing committees.
Created quality management practices through the assessment of test plans and quality management best practices.
Developed and delivered training on Quality Management Systems, methodologies, principals, continuous improvement, and Lean tools to the Quality Assurance team and Business Units.
Created new quality management standard operating procedures.
Analyzed KPI’s to identify nonconformities with resolutions through continuous process strategies.
Revised ‘Installation Practices and Procedures’ with field technicians on ‘Ride Alongs’ of equipment installations determining inefficiencies and resolve through process improvements increasing installation efficiency and improving customer satisfaction.
Implemented the use of Lean tools, I.e. PDCA, FMEA, SPC, and DMAIC to troubleshoot the issues found in test.
Conducted postmortems with test teams and stakeholders on ‘Lessons Learned’, and revised test practices improving efficiency, reducing test cycle time, and improving product quality.
Managed vendor relations, and enforced contract SLA’s.
Collaboration between quality and engineering, ensuring ‘Compliance’ to processes and standards operating procedures were in alignment with the 'Pillars of Continuous Improvement and Organizational Excellence’.
Developed version control of all documentation and software in accordance with the ISO 9001 TL9000.
Recruited, hired, trained, and mentored the quality staff, developing highly skilled test engineers and test teams through the development of career roadmaps, cross training, and instilling self-confidence, and empowerment into the employees.
Verify BOM’s ensuring product was shipped and received on schedule.
Accomplishments:
Through Process Improvement and Automation, reduced CAPEX spend by $400K in annual savings.
Created a test team responsible for testing customer premise and wireless equipment identifying vendor defects and fixes, improving customer satisfaction and retention by 50%; saving $400K in lost revenue yearly.

Road Runner LLC a time warner company Herndon, VA
Provide high-speed internet, cable, wireless, and Voice Services.
Associate Director, Network Integration March 2000 – March 2002
scope: Responsible for the migration from legacy to DOCSIS for fifty-eight Time Warner Divisions.
Executed System Audits and collaborated with all levels of divisional teams developing equipment checklists and project migration schedules.
Accomplishments:
Re-structured vendor maintenance pool and logistics through reduction of spares inventory and next day delivery, which resulted in a $2M annual savings.
Achieved successful migration of Roadrunner deployments to DOCSIS from the LEGACY product; documented ‘Key’ Contributor and Customer Advocate.’.
Motorola multimedia Schaumburg, IL
Sold and supported Pre - DOCSIS routers and CyberSurfer cable modems, and provided service and support to existing and potential new customers.
Field engineering manager/program management February 1996 – February 2000
scope: Service and Support for Domestic and International Customers maintaining Customer Excellence.
Aligned manufacturing facilities worldwide to the company manufacturing ‘Best Practices.’
Onsite during new manufacturing start-ups, and implementing the company ‘Quality Management System’ and provided training to the employees.
I created a ‘Field Service Organization,’ which supported domestic and international customer’s pre and post-sale.
Accomplishments:
Achieved the ‘Outstanding Achievement in Creating the Cable Products Service Business (ROA), Award.’
Created a ‘Field Service Organization,’ which supported domestic and international customer’s pre and post-sale
California Microwave Corporation Carol Stream, IL
Manufacturer of Analog and Digital Terrestrial Microwave Radios. Providing (EF&I), ‘Engineering, Furnish, and Install’ Globally.

Senior Field Service Manager/Program-Project Management June 1993 - February 1996
scope: Program/Project managed digital terrestrial microwave system installations.

Trained and mentored junior project managers on project management ‘Best Practices.’
Provided leadership and team building to the employees and subcontractors, promoting Total Quality Management, (TQM), Improving processes and work flows, products and services, and ‘Craft Best Practices.’
Create RFP’s and RFQ’s per specifications and requirements for each project.
Negotiated vendor/subcontractor contracts.
Reviewed junior project managers project schedules and (BOM’s), ‘Bill of Materials’ for project accuracy.
Attended site walks and site visits to ensure CRAFT ‘Best Practices’ were followed per company standards.
Accomplishments:
ISO 9000 Certification.
I implemented (JIT), ‘Just in Time’ in manufacturing, resulting in $1.5 M annual savings.

significant honors:

Time Warner Cable Total Quality of Service (TQS) Awards Mission and Values Performance Award (MVP)
WICT Know the Business Award of Excellence, Women in Cable Telecommunications, (WICT) Total Customer Satisfaction Awards (TCS) Motorola Multimedia Total Customer Satisfaction Awards (TCS) Recognition of Outstanding Achievement in Creating the Cable Products Service Business (ROA)
Professional Development:
Six Sigma Green Belt Villanova University Villanova, PA September 2014 – November 2014
Cisco CCNA Learning Tree International Reston, VA November 2004 – November 2007
ISO: 9000 & ISO: 9001 International Accreditation Service Chicago, IL January 1995 – January 2015
professional affiliations:
ASQ: American Society for Quality IEEE: Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers SCTE: Society of Cable Telecommunications Engineers WICT: Women in Cable Telecommunications PMI: Program Management Institute
soft and technical skills:
MS Office: Visio, Project, SharePoint, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visual SourceSafe Quality: Data Analytics, KPI’s, Best Practices, Test Plan Development, Automation Tools, Processes, and Quality Management Methodologies: ISO, Lean Manufacturing Six Sigma Additional Applications: SaaS, LoadRunner, Selenium, Granite, Bugzilla, PeopleSoft, ERP, CRM, NPS Key Proficiencies: Quality Methodologies, Team-Building, Integrity, Responsibility, Attention to Detail, Leadership, Employee Management, P&L and Budget Management, Multitasking and Time Management, Quality Methodologies, Integrity, Honesty, Change, Adaptability, Analytical, Technical, Strategic, Innovation, Research and Development, Vision, Healthcare, Science, Green, New Technologies, Teamwork through Collaboration, Manage Expectations, Government Regulatory Compliance, OSHA, EHS, FDA, 21 CFR, cGMP Technology: IoT, FTTH, EPON, Ethernet, Metro Ethernet, TCP/IP, SNMP, Cellular, DAS, Wireless, 802.11x, Access Points, WIMAX, RF/HFC, Enterprise Networks, TCP/IP, Cellular, Wireless, WiMAX

Contact this candidate
