
KEVIN M. PIETSCHMAN
**** ****** ****** **** 262-***-****
Burlington, WI 53105 ac964d@r.postjobfree.com
PROFILE
20+ Years’ Experience in Operating CDL Vehicles and Applying Construction Labor Principles
Extensive Snow Plow Operation and Anti-Icing Experience

Professional truck driver and equipment operator with understanding of components of tractor-trailer and basic maneuvering techniques, as well as safe operating practices involving interaction with vehicle and surrounding highway traffic environment. Trained in recognizing potential hazards and handling vehicles in emergency situations. Expertise in operating wide array of warehouse and factory equipment in pulling orders. Skilled in analyzing vehicle DOT regulatory compliance and maintenance needs. Perfect driving record with no speeding tickets or accidents.
Vehicle Inspections Extreme Driving Conditions Quality Improvement
Equipment Inventory Warehouse Equipment Operation Preventive/Predictive Maintenance
Coupling and Uncoupling Safe Vehicle Operating Practices Cargo Handling / Documentation
Skid Control and Recovery OSHA/Work Zone Safety Employee Schedule Management PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
CITY OF BURLINGTON PUBLIC WORKS DEPARTMENT – CITY OF BURLINGTON, WI 2011-PRESENT MAINTENANCE WORKER, STREET DEPARTMENT
Manage up to 3 employees in maintenance of city-owned roads, parks, buildings, vehicles, rights of way, and parking lots. Install new asphalt using both hot mix (surface and binder), as well as seasonal cold patch formulas. Asphalt leveling and grading surfaces. Perform concrete removal and repair/installation of curb and gutter lines, sidewalks, aprons, driveways, and concrete pads. Install control joints using walk behind diamond blades, wet saws and hand held saws. Conduct employee performance reviews. Install concrete footing and walls using forms and rebar. Salt city roads and highways. Utilize suctions unit with dump trucks and garbage trucks attachments. Maintain and repair snow fighting equipment following snow events. Operate high R.P.M. suction unit to complete seasonal city wide residential leaf removal operations. Operate five-yard snow plow dump with 6’ patrol wing attached.
Performed asphalt repairs; including removal methods using skid steer (bobcat, end-loader) walk-behind road saws, chop saws, and compressors operated jackhammers.
Maintain equipment used for road striping program, including paint machine and stencils. Log and document completed road painting process and future workloads.
Implement use of anti-icing material and equipment to reduce amount of road salt used, which reduced costs, shortened time for salting to take affect, and increased public safety on snow and ice covered roads. Assisted with major downtown snow removal operations requiring overnight execution.
Supervise city employees for yearly road striping program. Plan manpower, equipment, and materials needed for daily road painting and ensured road work zone area compliance with state and federal laws. KEYSTONE HATCHERIES – RICHMOND, IL 2009-2011
DELIVERY DRIVER / FARM LABORER
Weighed, prepared, delivered, and stocked live game fish to area lakes, rivers, and private / commercial ponds. Checked daily loads against invoices. Coordinated schedule to meet customer times and maintained adequate productivity rate to meet delivery schedules. Completed documentation and inspected truck for safety compliance. Unloaded products from trailer using hand trucks and placed items in designated customer storage areas. Maintained vehicle cleanliness and standard maintenance. Set up hotel reservations for overnight stays.
Ensured adherence to Department of Transportation (DOT) regulations in execution of delivery schedule, including maximum work hour allowance.
Maintained required logs, which included travel miles in DOT log book, break times, and bathroom breaks.
Stopped and checked in at required weight stations. VILLAGE OF SPRING GROVE – SPRING GROVE, IL 2006-2009 PUBLIC WORKS MAINTENANCE WORKER
Managed team of up to eight employees in maintenance of Village owned roads, parks, buildings, vehicles, sewer plant, water tower, and right of ways. Performed asphalt, concrete curb, sidewalk, shoulder and spillway repairs/installation. Performed street sweeping, installed/maintained water meters, and scheduled sewer system repairs with contracted agencies.
Kevin M. Pietschman 262-***-**** ac964d@r.postjobfree.com Page 2 of 2 2
Maintained/repaired all snow fighting equipment to ensure 100% operable status in providing one-hour snow plowing and anti-icing response in 24/7 support role; removed snow and ice with minimal damage to shoulders and tracked snow events/related damage. Manufactured salt brine chemicals in-house; utilized salt brine/geo-melt mixtures and maintained product inventory.
Participated in village’s Asphalt Crack Sealing Program; assisted in preparation and applied 350-degree liquefied tar into cracks.
Designed and built new shop’s oil change pit.
Maintained 24/7 on-call availability to replace road signs damaged in traffic accidents and weather events. MCHENRY COUNTY DIVISION OF TRANSPORTATION – WOODSTOCK, IL 1997-2005 HIGHWAY MAINTENANCE ROAD SUPERVISOR (2003-2005)
Supervised up to 12 employees in the year-round maintenance of 550 lane miles of county highways, buildings and grounds. Planned manpower, equipment and materials for highway maintenance projects. Ensured road work zone area compliance with state and federal laws. Communicated with assistant maintenance superintendent, engineers and other crews. Attended homeland security meetings to assist in terrorist attack response plans.
Served as backup driver for snow plowing and anti-icing of county highways. Investigated road conditions; contacted county personnel to initiate snow removal operations.
Implemented cross-training programs for crew members on equipment operations and maintenance.
Assisted McHenry County Sheriff's Department with vehicle weight bridge violations.
Developed cost reduction programs and assisted in justifying budgetary and personnel planning.
Designed and constructed concrete retaining wall used to guide rock salt into large grate/conveyor system and into salt dome for usage.
Held accountability for employee reviews, pay raise decisions and disciplinary actions.
Maintained files regarding accidents and employee time off (sick, personal days and vacation). SIGN SHOP MAINTENANCE WORKER (1997-2003)
Oversaw six employees in maintaining county-wide signage system. Checked county roads for signage issues; assisted crews with hazards and maintained notes for supervisors on road issues. Assisted with signage design, installation and detailing, along with vehicle markings. Assisted with county highway sign / equipment budget.
Supervised performance of preventive maintenance and inventory of equipment that included paint guns, striping equipment and safety code cars.
Ensured cleanliness and operability of sign trucks and work bays.
Participated in road striping and winter snow plowing projects. Ready-Mix Driver Super Mix, Incorporated – Spring Grove, IL Knuckle Boom/Crane Operator Swederski Concrete Construction – Richmond, IL Wall Strip and Stock Foreman Swederski Concrete Construction – Richmond, IL TRAINING
Defensive Driving Snow and Ice Control Street & Utility Repairs Work Area Protection Fork Lift Training Work Zone Safety Highway Signing Snow Plow Driver Aerial Devices Design Standards for Traffic Control GPS/AVL/RFID Backhoe Safety Training Collective Bargaining Simulation Training for Public Sector Negotiations Medic First Aid Training Program Special Application of Solid Mosquito Larvacides Workers' Compensation Survival
Pavement Maintenance Street Sweeping Training & Maintenance OSHA Construction Training for Underground Facility Locators
ADDITIONAL QUALIFICATIONS
Hold current CDL Class A, B, C and D license with double-triple and tanker endorsements
Warehouse Equipment: Jib Cranes, Pallet Jacks, Unit Load AGV, Four-way Pallet, Single-deep Pallet Racks, Vertical Carousel
Construction Equipment: Aerial Bucket Trucks, Front-End Wheel Loaders, Hydraulic Knuckle Boom Cranes, Redi-Mix, Excavator, Grader, Loaders, Skid loader, Backhoe, Bulldozers, Trencher, Scraper, Wheeled Loading Shovel, Construction Vehicle, Tanker, Conveyor, Hoist, Forklift, Compactors, Pavers, Road Rollers, Road Headers
High School Diploma, Waukegan West High School – Waukegan, IL

Contact this candidate
