
Jefrey P. Salameda
Mobile No. : +965-********
Email : ac960j@r.postjobfree.com
Address : Block 4 Street 25 Mangaf Kuwait City
PROFILE: A team player who possess the ability to communicate confidently at all levels. With a reputation for delivering high quality and personal service to my work, possess plenty of initiative and a great desire to contribute to the ongoing success of any office. Personal information:
Date of Birth : April 19, 1985
Age : 34 years old
Marital Status : Married
Citizenship : Filipino
Height : 5’9”
Weight : 80 kg
Religion : Catholic
Gender : Male
Educational Background:
College : National College of Science And Technology : 2001 COURSE: Associate in Computer Technology
Secondary : Damarinas National High School : 2000 - 2001 Primary : Risen Christ Catholic School : 1996 - 1997 Working Experience and Responsibilities:
HEISCO (GULF DREDGING)
Technical Clerk/Document Controller : Ahmadi Kuwait (2018-Present)
Ensure all technical documents, such as reports, drawings and blueprints, are collected and registered in system.
Copying, scanning and storing documents.
Reviewing and updating technical documents.
RATQA General Trading and Contracting Company
Mechanical Maintenance : Ahmadi Kuwait (2012-2017)
Catalyst Technician, Mechanical Technician, (Oil & Gas Refinery and Petrochemical Plant.)
Do maintenance job for reactor, vessel, heaters and exchanges such as hot bolting, blinding and de blinding, including vessel entry.
Tightening and loosening of flange of any size by manual torque, using spanners and bolt tensioning machine.
MACEA (Makati Commercial Estate Association Inc.)
Team Leader : Action Agad Team (2011-2012)
Allocating task to man power defending on their skills.
Reporting to management.
Discussing and resolving problems.
DAEDUCK PHILIPPINES
Plating Machine Operator : Rosario Cavite (2010-2011)
Mixes forming acid solution, treats battery plates, and removes and rinses formed plates.
Measures or estimates amounts of electric current needed and time required to coat objects.
Monitors and measures thickness of electroplating on component part to verify conformance to specifications, using micrometer.
TAIFINI COPPER & CONDUCTOR INC.
Molding Machine Operator : Silang Cavite (2005-2010)
Sets up and operates an injection molding machine in order to shape plastics.
Reads and interprets blueprints and diagrams to select, position, and secure machinery.
Adjusts machine settings to complete tasks accurately, according to specifications, and in a timely fashion.
SM CITY DASMARINAS
Stock Utility Clerk : Dasmarinas Cavite (2003)
Accept delivered packages and ensure proper amount is inside.
Mark items with identifying codes, such as price, stock, or inventory control codes.
Complete customers mail, Web, and phone orders by retrieving the ordered merchandise.
EUROTILES INDUSTRIAL CORPORATION
Warehouse Personnel : Silang Cavite (2004)
Maintains inventory controls by collecting stock location orders, printing request, recording amounts of materials or items received or distributed through a computer. May also assist in counting of physical inventory
Sort and place materials or items on racks, shelves or in bins according to organizational standards.
Operate forklift to lift or place merchandise.
Training and Seminars Attended:
Social Responsibilities.
ISO 9001:2015 Quality Management System
Breathing Apparatus (B.A./N2)
H2S/Safety Watch, Safety Awareness.
Conducted by the Department of Kuwait National Petroleum Company (KNPC Mina Al-Ahmadi, Mina Al-Shuiaba, Mina Al- Abdula and EQUATE Petrochemical Company.)
Confined Space Entry Attendant Seminar- Conducted by the department of Kuwait National Petroleum Company (KNPC Mina Al-Ahmadi, Mina Al-Shuaiba, Mina Al- Abdulla and Petrochemical Company.)
Acquired Knowledge:
Verbal and Written communication skills.
Ability to set up and maintain paper and electronic filing system for records, correspondence and other materials.
Ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines.
Ability to maintain high level of confidentiality.
Ability to use personal computer and Microsoft Office such as MS Outlook, MS word, MS Excel.
Forklift Driving
Pipe Fitting, Hot Bolting, Blinding and De Blinding. Character References:
• Frederick Cruz
Executive Secretary : Heisco (Gulf Dredging)
Mangaf Kuwait City +965-********)
• Edwin Villanueva
General Manager : (Ratqa Gen.Trading Co.)
Mangaf Kuwait City : +965-********)
I hereby certify that all the above information is true and correct to best of my knowledge.
JEFREY P. SALAMEDA

Contact this candidate
