
CAROLINA PALOMA PESTANO
Address: #* ***** ****. ** ******** Doha, Qatar
Contact Number: +974********
E-mail Address: ac96tr@r.postjobfree.com
Objective:
To secure a promising position that offers both a challenge and a good opportunity for growth.
Skills:
Strong analytical and organizational skills.
Excellent interpersonal skills, phone manner, and office etiquette.
Computer literate.
Personal Qualifications:
Well organized, flexible, can easily adapt to new sales and working techniques.
Goal-oriented.
Hardworking and Multi-Tasking.
Work Experience:
7 July 2015 up to 27 June 2019 AL Tayer Group L.L.C. Dubai United Arab of Emirates
GUERLAIN
Beauty Consultant / Team Leader
Present a Professional Ambassador image.
Responsible for the counter, make sure it is clean, merchandise, updated and focused on product lines.
Responsible for maximizing sales through excellent customer service, product knowledge, and team work. Assist the customers at all times.
Proven ability to meet target goals.
Maintained adequate inventory of products.
Developed a unique application technique.
Doing the Daily, Weekly and Monthly sales Report for the Counter and competitor report as well.
Submit the monthly schedule for the Team directly to Supervisor and Manager.
Maintaining the though, high ranking and good sales with using appropriate sales techniques, to reach the monthly sales target and exceed sales targets.
Doing Telesales marketing by sending emails and call to all Clients and or Customers regarding promotions, facial, events and new launches. 30 September 2014 - May 2015 Mawarid Trading Emirates Dubai U.A.E.
Beauty Consultant / Advisor
June 2010 – 11 August 2014 Mawarid Trading Qatar
DOHA, QATAR
Beauty Consultant / Advisor
Greet customers and ascertain what each customer wants or needs.
Responsible for maximizing sales through excellent customer service, product knowledge, and team work.
Maintain knowledge of current sales and promotions, policies regarding payment and exchanges and security practices.
Selling of Branded Perfumes, (Procter & Gamble group) Hugo Boss Perfume.
Selling Branded Beauty Products, Cosmetics, and Skin Care (Max Factor, Revlon, Kanebo - Sensai).
Doing a mini facial for the customer, especially for the new user of Sensai to try our Product.
Record daily sales figure separately and keep any related paper works up to date.
Give alternative products when out of stock situations arise.
Answer questions regarding the store, product knowledge, and its merchandise.
Took inventory and examined merchandise to identify items to be reordered or replenished.
Cleaned display products, cases, shelves, and aisles.
Prepare for the daily, weekly, monthly sales report and to be submitted to the Brand Manager and General Manger.
March 2009 – March 2010 Junior Duty Manager
Sky 24 Sports and Leisure Club
Sharjah, U.A.E.
Assisting Customers with any queries / problems.
Supervises all staffs from utility to rank and file positions.
Answering telephone calls. In charge with the day-to-day transactions from point of sales.
Responsible for the safe and all money in-store.
Facilitate Training of Staffs in delivering excellent customer service, sales and training of trainers.
Hosted Birthday Parties ensured all party games as fun and as lively. Prepared receipt and sale breakdown after the parties and events. Coordinated, arranged all bookings and organized the party hall, all the club facilities where the activities will be held.
Check swimming pools, Jacuzzi, sauna, Steam, and operate gym equipment, video machine, bowling equipment, Ice rink, Video games, Networking games, etc. and prepare daily reports.
Responsible in closing shifts of Cashiers thru POS system and periodically spot checks their cash and floats. Produces and circulates the weekly staff schedule / Rota. March 2008 – March 2009 Documentations Specialist cum Secretary cum Receptionist
Word Quest International Services and
Placement Agency, Inc., Philippines
++
May 6, 2003 – February 29, 2008 Line Leader / Quality Control Wistron Neweb Corporation
Chupei City, Hsinchu,
Taiwan, R.O.C.
global manufacturing headquarter of the company as a technician
Computer operator, trouble shooter and repair.
Check properly the PCB from production / assembly.
Proper maintenance for chips / VGA, Proper value for resistor and capacitor.
Monitors and check compliance of operator to their respective assignments, requisitions, and control of materials, parts supply.
Inspector and tester.
Develops, recommends production to obtain more efficient production flow and higher output.
February 2001 – April 2003 Salesperson / Sales Associate
(Caterpillar) / Fashion
Mega Centre the Mall
Cabanatuan City, Nueva Ecija,
Philippines
Responsibilities include selling products and developing current customer relationships and boosting future sales.
Also arrange special seasonal sales and handle cash transactions.
Also provide technical assistance to the customers and train new staff.
Know and understand the mechanics of promotions and events.
Support all promotions by being aware of current promotions.
Explain promotions to customers.
Order promotional stock in advance.
Educational Background:
Bachelor of Science in Accountancy
Wesleyan university of the Philippines
S.Y.1997-1998
Bachelor of Arts in Psychology
College of the Immaculate Conception
S.Y. 1998-2002
Personal Data:
Date of Birth : April 04, 1982
Age : 37 years old
Nationality : Filipino
Marital Status : Married
Religion : Roman Catholic
Height : 5”2
Visa Status : Family visit visa
I hereby certify that all information written herewith is true and correct.
Carolina P. Pestano

Contact this candidate
