
Zeeshan Aftab
Pakistan: House No. A -***, Zehra Nagar University Road,
Scheme 33, Sector 38/A Karachi.
Post Code: 75270, Sind
Contact # +92-333-*******
Email : ac96ge@r.postjobfree.com
linkedin.com/in/zeeshan-aftab-638b3648
Country of citizenship : Pakistan
Passport No. AA - 157703
CNIC No. 42101-1557770-3
As a professional mechanical engineer and occupational health & safety professional, I have been working for 22 years in the field of Production Planning, Man management, Plant operations and maintenance,Safety & Management System auditing and trainings. I have been actively involved in Safety management systems since last 5 years as Manager health safety & environment. I have an intense experience of Production planning, material management, manpower management. Worked on (CNC) Computer Numerical Control machines and provided different trainings related to change over, productivity enhancement and programming on CNC machines. Line balancing, time motion study, Yamazumi charts are some of activities which were performed in past couple of years.
Safety Management
Interest includes bridging the gap between people of different origins and languages. Developing scenarios relevant to the work environment to create safe working atmosphere for work force, contractors, visitors etc. Multi lingual interest are not limited to only safety management work but public speaking, writing and disseminating information using other modes like public meetings, seminars, workshops etc.
Currently working on several projects with different teams to create the difference in working environment & society. The projects intended to create greater understanding of issues related to personal & occupational safety and health as well as (BBS) beavertail based safety. My mission is to increase acceptance towards personal and community safety. Professional Experience :
Manager Health Safety
Environment & 5s
From June 2016 ~ Continue
Dewan Cement Limited
Yousuf Dewan Companies
Manager Operation
From Aug 2015 ~ Jun 2016
Super Tech Auto parts
Supper Group Companies
Assistant Manager Production &
HSE
From Oct 2006 ~ Jun 2015
Thal Limited
Group company House of Habib
Development Officer
From Jan 2004 ~ Oct 2006
Automobile Corporation of Pakistan
(Pvt) Ltd.
Production Officer
From Mar 1997 ~ Jan 2004
Thal Limited
Group company House of Habib
Success Stories of Projects Achievements
2004 ~ 2006
Being a project leader developed team for Quality control & Production engineering project to improve the productivity of aluminium tube manufacturing of heater for Toyota Corolla car. Team developed a machine with local & limited resources and transferred to manufacturing process from manual to auto. Through this action the quality issues related to manual handling eliminated and meet the productivity level from 64 Sec / Pc to 18 Sec / Pc production. The quality of product is also improved through addition of special resized flaring and sizing tools.
This project won the first prize among the four other projects.
2006 ~ 2007
Developed first training centre in company with addition of technical subjects. These subjects were developed according to need of work force technical skills enhancement. The achieved result of this project is developed multi Skilled team and also it had been created a sense of competition among the cross functional teams. The unique side of this training centre was having dual functions as it is still being used to develop soft skills as well as technical competences. The company was the first HOH company having training centre as per the same standard which were nearly same as DENSO Japan.
2009 – 2010
Developed conceptual safety corner at production floor. This corner was developed for five different scenarios including fire safety measures, emergency situation handling, burn injury, electrical injury remedial actions and natural disaster. We randomly picked different team members and trained them for various emergency scenarios. The obtained benefit was the outcome in the means of trained skilled team. 2014 ~ 2015
Developed the special arrangements for high work place activities to avoid any injury or unplanned event. We selected five frequent works at height activities which has been performing on routine basis. We developed multi controls for these activities through fixing of steel wires as life line for operator / worker safety. Through this activity whole staff trained to use this ceiling wire while performing work at height operations the belts as encoring points.
The second achievement of this project was developed special designed moveable scaffolding which was defiantly unique till today in Pakistan . . . (Continued)
Education & Trainings
(B-Tech) Bachelors of Technology
(Pass) Mechanical (2005 ~ 2007)
Indus Institute of Higher Education
Karachi – Pakistan
(D.A.E )Three Years Diploma of
Associate Engineering (Mechanical)
Technology (1995 ~ 1998)
Jinnah Institute of technology
Karachi – Pakistan
H.Sc .1992 -1994
Physics, Chemistry, Maths, Biology
Kings Wood Secondary School
Karachi – Pakistan
Certifications
a) Occupational Health &
Safety
NEBOSH
IGC Certified
SGS Karachi
Pakistan
Train The Trainer
ENTS Centre
Denso – Japan
Trainer Work at Height
APSTC – Toyota
Thailand
OHSAS 18001 : 2007
Occupational Health & Safety
Management System
IRCA - Lead Auditor
SGS – Pakistan
IOSH
Managing Safety
Institute of Occupational Health &
Safety
Fire Engineering & Fire Fighting
MESH ACT
Karachi – Pakistan
This scaffolding was designed to keep operator safe due to its special design. The entrance and to access move upwards was only possible through inside the scaffolding. Japanese concept of terminology “Poka Yoke” was being used in its structure. The chance of falling of worker was eliminated due to its special design and low height platforms.
2015 ~ 2016
Developed a model business unit in the company “Super Tech Auto Parts”. This model unit introduced to do it's all manufacturing functions till dispatch separately. In this line balancing through process cycle reduction performed in different areas including packing, manufacturing, plaiting and dispatch. That was highly appreciated activity from the X Production director of Pak Suzuki Motor Company.
2016 ~ 2017
Worked with project team during installation of ESP
“Electrostatic Precipitator”. The basic concept of project is to reduce the dust emission of cement plant. The other benefit is related to the minimization of wastage of material. HSE team was responsible to ensure safety measures regarding working of foreign engineers, contractors and employees. We completed the whole project with “Zero” injury. Technical team support was really amazing they worked with us as team and we achieved zero injury targets.
2017 ~ 2018
We developed the environmental monitoring plans according to need of Sind Environmental Agency & Pakistan Standards. This is an achievement having significant impact on company reputation and legal compliances because there was no structure before to check and report the environmental related issues. Now having EMP plans of manufacturing of cement, handling of coal and usage of tyre derived fuel. Active participation & Membership
• Member environmental committee Pakistan Standards of Quality Standard Authority
• Member of training organizations including PIQC, MESH ACT, Robust Pro etc.
• Association as trainer with different training
organizations
EOSH
Essential of Occupational Safety &
Health
ITC-ILO Credential
International Training Centre
Solid Waste Management
Management Association of Pakistan
b) Technical & Management
Basics of Control Technology
Pneumatic, Hydraulics, Electro
Hydraulics, Electro Pneumatics &
Programmable Logical Control (PLC)
Pak Swiss Precision Mechanics &
Instrumentation Training Centre
Karachi – Pakistan
Train the Trainer
Technical training Quality, Delivery &
Cost
Karia Training Centre
Denso – Japan
Total Productive Maintenance
National Productivity Organization
Government of Pakistan
GEMBA & Kaizen Practice
Kaizen concepts implementation,
Kaizen Blitz, GEMBA Preparation &
implementation AOTS – Japan
Effective Time Management
Pakistan Society for Training &
Development
Karachi – Pakistan
ISO 9001:2007
Quality Management System
Lead Auditor
SGS – Pakistan
Energy Management System
ISO 50001
Pakistan Institute of Training for
standardization
Reference
1- Ms.Ainy Zehra (PSQCA)
2- Mr.Ayub Khan (KWSB)
3- Mr.Mazahar Ahmed Siddiqui
(Meteorological Dept)
4- Dr.Tahir Barlas (ILO)

Contact this candidate
