
CURRICULAM VITAE
DHANASEKARAN.K E-mail: ac978v@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile: 91-887**-*****

OBJECTIVE:
To seek a challenging position as a “SENIOR .PRODUCTION ENGINEER” with your organization that has the vision and potentials for development, growth and expansion, and at the same time a high standard of performance and business ethics.
ACADEMIC PROFILE:
Course
Institution
Board / University
Year of Passing
Percentage
DME(SWC)
Tamil Nadu Polytechnic
Govt. of Tamil Nadu Dept
October' 2009
80.56%

college, Madurai
Of Technical Education

XII STD
K.N.P.M
Department of Govt
March' 2006
60.33%

Hr.Sec. School, Madurai
Examination

X STD
St.Britto Hr.Sec. School
Department of Govt
April ' 2004
85.40%

Madurai
Examination

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Organization : Prince Pipes and Fittings Pvt Ltd,Vamana Extrusions Pvt Ltd.
Designation : Production Engineer-PVC Extrusion &compounding
Duration : 3 Years(2015 to 2018) (2018 to Till Now)
Department : PVC – Extrusion & compound mixing Dept.

Organization : National Plastics Building Materials Industries Pvt Ltd, U.A.E
Designation : Senior mixing operator(Pvc Compound)
Duration : 2 Years (2013-2015)
Department : PVC- Compound Mixing Dept.

Organization : Win Wind Power Energy Pvt Ltd, Chennai.
Designation : production- Junior Engineer.
Duration : 4 years(2009-2013)
Department : Rotor Blade & FRP,GRP cover manufacturing Dept.

ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Responsible for Extrusion & compounding.
Die loading plan along with material plan.
Monitoring on process parameter.
Well experienced eraction and amp; commissioning of different pvc, cpvc amp; utilizes like chilling plant,compressor,cooling tower, high speed mixer machine.
Control &amp; Recycling,pvc compounding.
Identifying trouble shooting and resolving problem relating to quality.
To ensure proper fix die head and prepare extrusion line for production.
Check all the equipments heaters and connections etc. before starting extrusion.
Through knowledge in operating KABRA,THYSEN,GRACE twin screw extruder.
Selection of suitable die sets as per the production plan minimizing die change time and controlling wastage generation.
clean the mixer properly before changing color compound.
Excellent knowledge of Raw materials and chemicals Vendors supplier for resin and additives.
Handling PVC, CPVC compounding for extrusion m/cs, daily process monitoring of high speed mixtures, compound (chemical)trials,New product development (R&D) Trouble shooting problem Relating Compound.
Plan maximum utilizes of rework materials(pulvirizer)
Execution of production process as per production schedule.
Responsible for that the production is cost effective (Optimized use of resources like Man, Machine/Equipment, chemical Raw Material)
Making sure that the product is produced on time and is of good quality at first time & every time.
Continual improvement in method, human and material resources.
Working for modification in polymer products and manufacturing under budgets.
Execution of production as per quality standards.
Run the mixer to optimum output without affecting quality.
Monitoring product standards and implementing quality-control/QA programs
Coordination among different departments, e.g. Maintenance, Quality, Material, Safety, Logistics, Security & stores etc.
Supervising and motivating a team of workers.
To Check the daily wastage and downtime control.
Responsible for monthly Review meeting(MRM)Minutes of meeting (MOM) of dept.
Conduct training and maintain training record.
Skill mapping & evaluation of technicians.
ISO Documentation and audit compliance.

ACHIEVEMENTS :
Part of the team for commissioning and renovation of the plant by pressure
Blower system with Atomization system of plant by Eliminating the 25 kgs
Retail UPVC bags to the jumbo UPVC bags.
PERSONAL PROFILE:
Father’s Name : Kutralingam.T
Date of Birth : 24.02.1989
Gender : Male
Nationality : Indian
Languages Known : Tamil, English, Malayalam and Hindi.
Marital Status : Married.
Address : Plot no 52 Sree Sai Vari Nagar,kanchipuram -603204.
I declare that the above furnished details are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Place: Yours truly,
Date : (K.DHANASEKARAN)

Contact this candidate
