
Catalin Torres
New Britain, CT ***** 860-***-**** ac97un@r.postjobfree.com
Qualifications Profile
Dedicated professional experienced in providing customer service and administrative services in office, community service and residential environments. Demonstrated capacity to handle client records, manage appointments and serve as the central point of contact in a fast-paced work environment. Adept in handling confidential matters and proprietary information. Technical proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite and other database systems. Core Competencies
Bilingual: English & Spanish Administrative Assistance warehouse assembly Inventory Control Payroll Administration Phlebotomy Mobility Assistance CERTIFICATIONS
Certified Tax Preparer, 2015
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
DOLLARMAN TAX SERVICE, New Britain, CT
Tax Preparer/ Administrative Assistant, 2015- 2019
● Advocated for clients, providing translation services when setting up tax appointments and interpreting documents needed for services. walk ins and appointments scheduled ahead of time. Filed and recorded any personal information required from clients.
● Contributed to the needs and services of over 600 clients, scheduling daily recreational activities and field trips.
● Organized employee schedules, handled cash for advertisement, faxed, photo copied and e filed as well as paper filed any returns. created and assured any additional information requested from the IRS and state of Connecticut Revenue Dept was sent on time.
OKAY INDUSTRY, New Britain, CT
warehouse employee, August 2018-November 2018
● Finishing and assembly of surgical procedure equipment.
● Welding and grinding machine operator of military parts. packing, loading and labeling of production. light training to new employees .
ALLIED HEALTHCARE, New Britain, CT
Homecare Companion, 2013-2016
● Effectively communicated with patient family members, providing information and updates on patient’s individualized care plan.
● Adeptly performed healthcare-related tasks, such as monitoring vital signs and medication under the direction of registered nurses or physiotherapists.
● Ensured patient care and safety through direct support including mobility, hygiene and dietary needs.
●
…Continued…
Catalin Torres
Page Two of Two
HEAVENLY FLAVORS CAFE, New Britain, CT
Cashier/ Assistant, 2009 -2012
● Strengthened business operations through scheduling project dates, processing invoices, replenishing office inventory and serving incoming customers.
● Regularly monitored company cash flow, organizing payroll,front deli work and light waitressing. delivery orders taken and made sure where done for delivery employee. Created and faxed daily menu to local businesses.

Contact this candidate
