
Available to relocate

Information Technology Professional with Executive Associate experience including handling a wide range of administrative, technical and executive-support tasks, troubleshooting, and policy administration. Recognized for being able to build partnership with others by cultivating and maintaining effective relationships through effective interpersonal skills, communication and excellent customer service.

Summary of Qualifications and Skills
Documented help desk tickets/resolutions and provided overall assistance in the daily administration of a Novell Netware 4.11 Network.
Excel at resolving employer challenges with innovative solutions, systems and process improvements that increase efficiency, customer satisfaction and the bottom line.
Accepts responsibility for own work; develops trust and credibility; demonstrates honest and ethical behavior; handles stress and high demand situations; and demonstrates tolerance and adaptability.
Ability to manage classified and unclassified document information effectively, while maintaining adherence to federal policies and procedures.

ACT!
Adobe Acrobat Pro
CCTV
CRM
Crystal Reports
Dreamweaver
Edit Plus
Fireworks
HTML/SQL/XML
Java Script
Mac OS
Microsoft Office Suite
Minimal 365 Developer
Network Security & Infrastructure
Novell Clients
QuickBooks
QUMAS
Relational Database Management
SACCP 3.0
Solutions Architect
Summation
TCP/IP Retrieval & Communication
Visio
Web Design & Maintenance
WordPerfect Suite

Career History
Capital Staffing Solutions, Inc., IT Site Manager July 2019 – Present

●Instruct personnel with installation, configuration of ongoing usability with system hardware and software
●Provide monthly reports regarding utilization of services to leadership.
●Manage the day-to-day operations to meet goals and objectives. Provide operations and administration direction.
●Handle formal contact with the customer on a daily basis in MS and as needed in BDS/LDS.
●Manage and provide technical design, implementation, maintenance, system administration, and support of hardware, software, network, and/or audio-visual services areas. Manage desktop support.
●Coordinate and maintain departmental servers, computers, printers, and labs. Installs, maintains, and troubleshoots departmental computers and printers. Recommend hardware and/or software to departmental users.
TechaDox, Support Technician March 2019 – Present
●Modify, maintain, or repair electronics equipment or systems to ensure proper functioning.
●Replace defective components or parts, using hand tools and precision instruments.
●Set up and operate specialized or standard test equipment to diagnose, test, or analyze the performance of electronic components, assemblies, or systems.
●Prepare or maintain design, testing, or operational records and documentation.
●Assemble circuitry for electronic systems according to engineering instructions, production specifications, or technical manuals.

U.S. Security Associates, Maritime Security Operations Center Officer August 2018 – November 2018

●Operate and monitor all JaxPort CCTV communications which is essential for the detection and surveillance of controlling operations systems and maintain security of premises
●Maintain and relay critical BSI communications and QUMAS training to JaxPort security personnel
●Implement emergency plans for natural disasters
●Prepare, validate, and/or maintain security documentation including, but not limited to: system security plan (SSP), risk assessment (RA), contingency plan (CP), and privacy impact assessment (PIA).
●Interpret and evaluate tactical situations to make recommendations to superiors for operating computer systems
●Create reports of daily activities and irregularities, such as equipment or property damage, theft, presence of unauthorized persons, or unusual occurrences

Allied Universal, Security Officer for Broward County Aviation Department January 2017 –October 2017

●Maintained employee database ensuring ISO and GMP compliance
●Resolve technical mapping variations or gaps and troubleshooting issues
●Maintained electronic and clerical data of airport employees, delegates, city, county & state officials
●Performed data forensic research including HR driven investigations, legal driven e-discovery and digital review / evidence collection for compromised systems
●Participated in Emergency Evacuation response in accordance with federal law
●Maintained awareness of and familiarity with the site-specific operations performance manual and post orders
●Handled security issues or emergency situations appropriately. Contacts Emergency Services, such as EMT, Fire Dept., etc.

Independent Contractor (Temporary Assignments) March 2013 – December 2016

●Resolve technical mapping variations or gaps and troubleshooting issues
●Work with various large and small startup business to help to help link Microsoft applications or Cisco programs to help cross link marketing i.e. www.RiddimStream.com, Coogi.com, UpRoc and Billion Bay Clothing
●Exercise discretion in the information released to internal and external contacts
●Sustain industry knowledge by participating in educational opportunities by reading professional publications and maintaining personal networks
●Attend, compile materials for and prepare accurate plan Committee meeting agendas
●Receive and provide real-time response to telephone calls, facsimiles and direct inquiries
●Create correspondence, reports, technical documents, graphs/charts, contract forms, and other training support materials

Management Consulting Inc., Office Manager to The Deputy Under Secretary of Defense
Contractor for Department of Defense, The W.W.C.T.P. Office July 2009 – May 2011

●Coordinate and handles communications with project teams and trading partners for integration service projects and offerings between trading partners and networks to ensure successful integrations
●Implement electronic document processing, retrieval, and distribution systems in collaboration with other information technology specialists
●Assist the (C-Level) Veterans Affairs Liaison and Armed Force Service Corporation employees with the development and implementation of ‘Turbo Tap’, a web program to assist with veteran transition into civilian life
●Coordinate SOPs with the Under Secretary and Deputy Under Secretary of Defense along with SES calendars to schedules appointments, ensuring all parties are informed of and kept abreast of schedule awareness
●Assist the Financial Director with the creation of the financial future expenses for FY 09-12
●Coordinate domestic and international travel, including flight, hotel, and car rental reservations
●Supervise, mentor, train, and coach our office staff and delegating assignments to ensure maximum productivity
●Serve as a liaison to the Senate, Congress, Presidential Appointees, Delegates, Legislator Affairs, and all branches of the U.S. military

Education
CompTIA Security+ / Certificate 2018
LEADERQUEST, Jacksonville, FL

Business Management / Associate of Arts 2004
American InterContinental University, Weston, FL

Certification
*Electronics Records Management (DoD/WHS) February 2010 to Present
*Information Assurance Awareness V.8 & V. 9 (DoD) March 2010 to Present
*Controlled Unclassified Information Awareness (DoD) July 2010 to Present
*Account Management (Tele-Check) March 2007 to Present
*Department of Public Safety & Emergency Preparedness ( Jacksonville Port Authority) August 2018 to Present
*Maritime Transportation Security Act ( Jacksonville Port Authority) August 2018 to Present
*First Aid/CPR/AED & Bloodborne Pathogen # 11016 May 2018 to May 2020

Contact this candidate
