
CLAUDIO N. HERNANDEZ
+974********
ac97eo@r.postjobfree.com

Highlights of Qualification

Willing and able to do variety of tasks
Has initiative to do the duties and responsibilities
Enthusiastic and can work under pressure
Can work for extended period of time

Working Experience

ROSE MARIE CATERING - January 30, 2017 – June 15,2019
Guguinto, Bulacan, Philippines
Position: Cook
Prepare food for special events and occasions as requested in advance by the clients
Storing supplies
Planning menus for preparing food
Redusing waste
Being prepared for extra guests
Make sure the kitche facilities are clean and sanitized all the time before and after using

Target Engineering Construction Co., (L.L.C.) February 2009 - January 2017
Power, Instrumentation & Controls Division
Doha, Qatar
Position: Company Cook
Set up kitchen and collect all necessary supplies to prepare menu for service
Prepare a variety of foods; meat, seafood, poultry, vegetable, and cold food items Arrange sauces and supplementary garnishes
Cover, date and correctly store all bits and pieces and food prep items
Serve menu items compliant with established standards
Use food preparation tools in accordance with manufactures instruction
Close the kitchen correctly and follow the closing checklist for kitchen stations
Maintain a prepared and sanitary work area at all times
Keep the work area fresh all through the shift
Make sure all storage areas are tidy and all products are stored appropriately
Constantly use safe and hygienic food handling practices
Returns dirty food preparation utensils to the appropriate area
Assist with all duties as assigned by Camp Manager

Farm October 2005 – March 2008
Bulacan, Philippines
Position: Landscaper/Farmer
Perform grounds keeping and building maintenance duties.
Apply fertilizer to ground to enhance growth.
Shovel snow from walkways and sprinkle ice down to keep people from falling.
Perform routine maintenance duties such as applying plaster, fixing fountains, and other duties.
Sweep walkway of debris.
Cut down tree limbs that are posing a danger.
Trim shrubs and pull weeds.
Perform minor repairs and maintenance procedures on equipment utilized in grounds keeping.
Install lawn furniture.
Rake, mulch, and prune the grounds as needed.
Water plants and grass as needed and apply fertilizer.
Record information about crops, such as pesticide use, yields, or costs.

Discovery Luggage Corporation January 1997 – March 2005
Manila, Philippines
Position: Recorder/ Packer/ Riveter / Warehouse Department
(Comprep Section)
Receive materials coming from warehouse
Monitor materials used in sewing department
Focused on providing exact rivets and snap to prevent lacking
Responsible in giving good quality to the customers
Responsible in checking the delivered materials if it has damage and if the supplier provide the right materials.
Maintains inventory controls by collecting stock location orders and printing requests.
Maintains quality service by following organization standards.
Maintains safe and clean work environment by keeping shelves, pallet area, and workstations neat; maintaining clean shipping supply area; complying with procedures, rules, and regulations.

Family Textile Inc. November 1991 – December 1996
Bulacan, Philippines
Position: Machine Operator
Set up machines at the beginning of shift to ensure proper working order.
Perform testing procedures to ensure that machines work optimally during the production procedures
Maintain and clean machines before and after each shift
Monitor machines during every procedure to ensure optimum running
Troubleshoot problems during machine operation
Ensure that regular and preventative maintenance procedures are carried out
Perform random tests to ensure accuracy
Perform safety checks on every machine

Ensure that machines are producing quality products by managing periodic checks on output
Ensure stocks of needed materials are ready and available at all times
Create and maintain activity logs
Provide relevant information regarding progress to supervisors

Von Voyage International Corp. June 1989 – November 1991
Bulacan, Philippines
Position:Riviter, Packer, Recorder
Receive materials coming from warehouse
Monitor materials used in sewing department
Focused on providing exact rivets and snap to prevent lacking
Responsible in giving good quality to the customers
Responsible in checking the delivered materials if it has damage and if the supplier provide the right materials.
Maintains inventory controls by collecting stock location orders and printing requests.
Maintains quality service by following organization standards.
Maintains safe and clean work environment by keeping shelves, pallet area, and workstations neat; maintaining clean shipping supply area; complying with procedures, rules, and regulations

Training and Seminar Attended

Boecker Food Safety November 18, 2012
Level 2 Training in Food Safety
( Food Safety Course and Examination)
Doha, Qatar

Educational Background

Bulacan State University
Malolos City. Bulacan, Philippines 1989-1990
Undergraduate

Marcelo H. del Pilar High School April, 1989
Malolos City, Bulacan, Philippines

Santa Cruz Elementary School March, 1985
Guiguinto, Bulacan, Philippines

Personal Profile
Nickname : Lody
Birthdate : December 27, 1971
Civil Status : Separated
Height : 5 feet 4 inch
Weight: 136 lbs
Citizenship : Filipino.
Languages : English/Tagalog
Visa Status : Work Business Visa

Contact this candidate
