
ROGELIO, GAMBOA, DIMAIN JR.
Danacbunga,Botolan,Zambales,Philippines
Email: ac970y@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile No. +639*********

Position Desired:Security Officer/Supervisor
Career/Objective:To have a productive career in a competitive organization where I can contribute my knowledge and skills in my previous work to be effectively utilized through personal effort and hard work.

JOB DESCRIPTION:

Being a security guard,the fundamental duties,to follow order from supervisor instruct by client.to secured properties of client.monitor all untoward incident and inform it to supervisor in-charge.

Working Experience:
Securiguard Middle East March 12,2012 to Nov.16,2014
Abu Dhabi,United Arab Emirates
Position:Security Guard
ABU DHABI NATIONAL EXHIBITION CENTER (ADNEC)
Abu Dhabi United Arab Emirates April 06,2012 to Ncv.16,2014
Position: Security Guard

Job Description:
●X-ray machine operator identifying & interpret threatening & non-threatening images, performing security screening of a person walk through & hand-held metal detector.
Performing security screening of a person walk through & hand-held metal detectors, Conduct pat-down search of a person & manual bag search, check all badges of contractors, exhibitors and visitors before allowing access into the premises as per the company policy.
● Ability to escalate potential threats & accidents to the appropriate authorities,
Knowledge in handling incidents related to fire, crime,first aid, bomb or explosive
device threats,& on emergency situation procedures.
● Patrolling premises & maintaining incidents reports of damage to facilities
& equipment. Performing static guard duty handling telephone call & lost and found
properties, control large crowds, traffic flow & the entry & exit of vehicles.

Hemaya Security Services Company Oct.2006 to Nov.2011
Doha,Qatar
Position: Security Guard
Job Description:
● Observes work in progress, ensures that proper security and safety equipment is worn and
procedures are followed.
● Coordinates and consults with the security coordinator regarding security and safety issues
in their respective areas and notifies management staff regarding violation of security and
safety regulations and codes.
● Makes recommendations for corrections and follow up to ensure that violations have been
corrected.
● Analyzes hazards and develops ergonomic risk assessments for both public and non-public
areas.
● Develops policies, plans and procedures to minimize risk to the public and employees.

Robinson Place Manila April 2006 to Oct.2006
Position: Security In-charge
Stinger Security Services Inc.

Job Description:
Giving instruction to all duty nightshift guard regarding to the work inside mall premises,conduct checking in all areas covered by duties and responsibilities

● Monitor and authorize entrance and departure of employees, visitors, and other persons to
guard against theft and maintain security of premises.
● Write reports of daily activities and irregularities, such as equipment or property damage,
theft, presence of unauthorized persons, or unusual occurrences.
● Circulate among visitors, patrons, and employees to preserve order and protect property.
Warn persons of rule infractions or violations, and apprehend or evict violators from
premises, using force when necessary, answer alarms and investigate disturbances.

SM Megamall
Position:Detachment Commander Aug.2005 to Dec.2005
CMP Federal Security Services Inc.

Job Description:

Giving instruction to all dayshift guards regarding to the work inside and parking area of building A and C of SM megamall.Conduct checking in all affiliates and security guards assigned in that location.relay all instruction from higher management for all day to day events.

Taal Vista Hotel March 2003 to March 2005
Position:Detachment Commander

Job Description:
Giving instruction to all duty nightshift guard regarding to the work inside hotel premises,conduct checking in all areas covered by duties and responsibilities

● Monitor and authorize entrance and departure of employees, visitors, and other persons to
guard against theft and maintain security of premises.
● Write reports of daily activities and irregularities, such as equipment or property damage,
theft, presence of unauthorized persons, or unusual occurrences.
● Circulate among visitors, patrons, and employees to preserve order and protect property.
Warn persons of rule infractions or violations, and apprehend or evict violators from
premises, using force when necessary, answer alarms and investigate disturbances.

Manila Midtown Hotel Febuary 2002 to January 2003
Position:Security Officer
Cebu Security Agency

● Observes work in progress, ensures that proper security and safety equipment is worn and
procedures are followed.
● Coordinates and consults with the security coordinator regarding security and safety issues
in their respective areas and notifies management staff regarding violation of security and
safety regulations and codes.
● Makes recommendations for corrections and follow up to ensure that violations have been
corrected.
●Analyzes hazards and develops ergonomic risk assessments for both public and non-public areas

● Develops policies, plans and procedures to minimize risk to the public and employees
Monitor check in guest,checking all their language upon check in hotel primeses,assist traffic infront of lobby.

PUMA COMPANY Aug.1998 to Feb.1999
SalesMan

LandMark Department Store April 1998 to Aug.1998
Store Keeper

Training and Seminars Attended
April 4 to Jun 24,2014:National Examination Board Safety&Health(NEBOSH)Management in
Health And Safety at Aspire Training Center Abu Dhabi UAE
June 12,2013 :Heart saver first aid,CPR & AED Course : ADNEC Abu Dhabi AUE
May 23, 2013 :X-Ray Machine Operator Training : ADNEC Abu Dhabi, UAE

March 24-28, 2012 : Basic Security Guard Training Course : NSI, Abu Dhabi, UAE

Febuary 21,2005 :THE SM SEMINAR/WORKSHOP DEPARTMENT(office of a senior asst.
Vice president for security affairs(SM Group Of Companies,SM trained as Security Guard

April 21,2004 :Fire Prevention And Safety Seminar 04-01 TaalVistaHotel Philippines
Febuary 14 to 25,2000 :Basic Safety Course,:Personal Survival Techniques,Fire,Prevention
FireFighting,ElementaryFirst Aid,Personal Safety and Social
Responsibilities:Held In Albatross Foundation Academy,Mandaluyong,city,Philippines.

OTHER SKILLS
Computer Literate(MS Word)
CCTV Operator( Basic)
Knowledgeable in basic investigation and information gathering
Knowledgeable in oral and report writing communication
Knowledgeable in emergency response team
Knowledgeable in basic safety course
Knowledgeable in personal survival technique
Knowledgeable in fire prevention & fire fighting
Knowledgeable in elementary first aid
Knowledgeable in personal safety and social responsibilities
STRENGHT
Systematic approach to find solution.
Adherence to the company rules.
Positive attitude in work.
Penchant for team work.
Can work under pressure.
Capable of executing challenging of job confidently.
Ability to work under deadlines and target.
Ability to motivate people to bring out their best.
Have the ability to handle all kinds of job related problems and find practical solution for them.
Highly sincere towards following all security routines,so that top security is maintain at all times.
GOAL
To exceed personal expectations in career.
Ensure career growth with the growth of the company.
Will always have a professional attitude towards the job.
Maintain an amicable relation with all staff and members.

EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND

College :Associate In Marine Engineering:Central Luzon Institute Of
Technology Olongapo City Philippines 1994-1996

Personal Details

Date of Birth : December 25,1971
Sex : Male
Height : 5’ 11”
Nationality : Filipino
Religion : Iglisya ni cristo
Civil Status : In a relationship
Sss # : 33-433-9345-5
Passport # : EC5395920 expired 17,sept.2020

ROGELIO G.DIMAIN JR.
Applicant

Contact this candidate
