
Gloria Ivette LaPenna
*** ********* ****
Milford, PA 18337
570-***-****
ac982s@r.postjobfree.com

Energetic and motivated Professional. Highly detail oriented. Extensive knowledge of Safety and Training.
Key Experience/Training:
Lean Manufacturing
GMP
TPM
SOP
SAP
Inventory control/Cycle Counting
Coaching Training Safety
Behavioral Safety
ISO
Bilingual – Spanish
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
LAPENNA CONTRACTING, LLC
Employee Coordinator

Middletown, NY 11/17 - 07/19
Assist with the coordination of employees. Translate to Spanish speaking employees. Review job issues, questions. Explain work scope to ensure understanding of duties. Set up meetings. Track attendance and time off. Payroll. Constant communication with employees. Communicate with customers.

EAGLE BATTERY Middletown, NY 01/17 – 09/17
Production Manager
Manage daily production of recycled auto batteries. Train employees in all aspects of Production, Safety and Quality. Write and update procedures. Constant direct communication to employees in order to ensure on time production. Continuous coaching and Training. Work with local trucking companies to ensure batteries are picked up for Smelter on time. Cross training. Work closely with headquarters and maintain constant communication.
Plant closed down due to insufficient orders for N.Y.

MCHC, Inc. Middletown, NY 10/08 – 08/13
Administrative Assistant
Assist Medical Director with all clerical work. Organize meetings. Create and update spreadsheets, create and update documents, update written procedures, filing. Assist Human Resources Department with other duties as requested and assigned. Responsible for the credentialing of all Medical Providers. Interact and assist all departments as needed.

DURASOL AWNINGS, INC Middletown, NY 08/06 - 10/08
Production Supervisor
Direct crew in the production of Solar Screens. Ensure daily productivity, quality and on time shipping. Follow up on any quality, safety concerns and work with the team to resolve. Implement and continuously revise SOP’s. Establish priorities. Continuous coaching and mentoring. Conduct daily production meetings to discuss daily schedule and expectations. Hire and train personnel on different areas of assembly, as well as cross-train in other areas/departments. Track safety, quality, efficiency and output. Conduct performance reviews. Continuously meeting monthly goals in Safety, Quality, Efficiency and Productivity. Analyze processes and work on improvements. Work closely with Management and Customer Service to resolve customer issues. Meeting deadlines through organized planning.

HAUSMANN INDUSTRIES Northvale, NJ 09/05 - 08/06
Production Supervisor
Ensure quality, safety and performance of 18 hourly employees and 2 Section Foremen on the assembly of medical equipment in a union environment. Monitor each product as it is manually assembled. This includes upholstery and furniture assembly. Mentoring and coaching employees in safety, productivity, quality. Conduct daily production meetings. Improving processes. Managing priority jobs for on-time shipping. Continuously meeting Safety, Quality and Production goals. Performance reviews. Conduct monthly safety meetings.

KOHL‘S DISTRIBUTION CENTER, Mamakating, NY 06/04 - 08/05
Production Supervisor
Monitor safety, performance of 30 associates and 4 assistant supervisors within two departments in a distribution setting. Interview, hiring, performance evaluations, monitor safety and quality. Planning goals and priorities. Continuous coaching and mentoring to develop associate’s skills. Ensure daily production goals and standards are met. Translate safety and all job related documents for Spanish speaking employees when required. Work closely with Production Manager to resolve any issues and work through conflict.

SOUTHEASTERN CONTAINER, Wappinger Falls, NY 12/02 - 07/03
PET Bottle Manufacturing Facility Production Supervisor
Direct hourly personnel on shift on the manufacture of plastic bottles utilizing state of the art blow molding equipment. Meet production schedules while maintaining high efficiency. Interview and hire personnel. Ensured production goals were met. Monitor Safety and Quality. Responsible for hiring and training operators on high speed equipment, quality, etc. Keep scrap at minimum levels. Revise and implement SOP documents. Worked closely with management and HR department to resolve employee issues/conflicts.

OSRAM SYLVANIA, Maybrook, NY 06/97 - 11/02
ISO 9001 and 14001 Compact Lamp Manufacturing Facility
Production Supervisor
Maintained production output for first shift on 3-5 production lines, from bending glass to packing. Responsible for meeting production schedules while always maintaining quality and safety. Cycle Counting, Continuous Process Improvement. Scheduling and training employees. Controlling material scrap. Coaching and training employees to excel at their jobs. Worked hand in hand with Human Resources Department in relation to employee issues, hiring, termination, reviews, and any confidential issues.

OSRAM SYLVANIA Maybrook, NY 03/84 - 06/97
Machine Operator Lead
Operate high speed machinery in the production of compact fluorescent lamps. Responsible for quality, efficiency, productivity. Worked with Line Mechanics and Quality Control to ensure problems/issues were resolved quickly and with little downtime. Trained all new operators. Created and updated all SOP’s and ISO documents.
Responsible for MR16 production line.
Accomplishments include:
Production Supervisor: Consistently achieved world class manufacturing levels- Machine efficiency 86.22%, Labor efficiency 95.6%, Equipment uptime 95%, shrinkage 5.6%, and First Pass Yield 91.33%. Wrote and implemented ISO procedures for first facility among 12 to achieve ISO 9001 certification. Followed ABC manufacturing for production, resulting in quick line changeovers, allowing plant to achieve production by-type for 52 consecutive months. Involved in cycle count in order to maintain adequate levels of material. Developed and held bi-monthly safety meetings and monthly safety inspections of production lines. Kept ongoing matrix of findings for reviews. Continually performed a variety of quality inspections throughout processes to ensure standards were met. Provided information/suggestions to upper management and human resources on award recognitions and disciplinary action.
Responsible for completing and administering performance evaluations.
Line Leader: My idea to reuse bulbs on MR16 lamps saved the company thousands of dollars.
EDUCATION AND PROFESSIONAL TRAINING
College courses taken towards a degree in Business Management
AMA Seminars
OSHA
Zenger Miller Supervisor Seminars Behavioral Safety Training
ISO Document Control

SELECTED ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Employee of the Year Recipient
Nominated by employees with final approval by senior management - represents outstanding achievement in all areas of employment.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Microsoft Office, Record Keeping, Organization. Over 25 years in the Manufacturing field.

Contact this candidate
