
Victor Oliver
Opportunist
St. Louis, MO *****
ac9945@r.postjobfree.com
314-***-****
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Work Experience
Customer Service Representative
Concentrix Services US, Inc - Saint Louis County, MO August 2018 to April 2019
Customer Service, multi-line, transfers, supervisor escalations, chat, email, over the phone assistance, online help, and guest services.
Retail Sale Associate
Polo Ralph Lauren - Chesterfield, MO
October 2017 to January 2018
Responsibilities
Open/closing registers, making connections with customers, distributing merchandise and ringing up customers with excellent customer service, maintaining a clean area and looking out for theives. Assistant Store Manager
Domino's - University City, MO
September 2017 to January 2018
Open/close store fully operate the store under proper management and judgement following sanitization bylaws.Supervising employees serving customers with excellent customer service giving a home welcoming feeling to each potential customer. Along with making cash drops and deposits. Crew Member
Crushed Red - Kirksville, MO
August 2017 to December 2017
Customer service, salad prep, Baker, pizza maker, dishwasher, line cook, stocking, ordering and General Maintence
Front of House Staff
Lions Choice - Ballwin, MO
July 2017 to November 2017
Drive thru operator, cashier, customer service, fry cook, stocking, and barista . Pizza Hut Delivery Driver
Pizza Hut - Overland, MO
July 2017 to September 2017
Great customer service, multiphone answering, dishwasher, cash handling, cashier, fryer cook Cook/Dietary Aide
The Westchester house - Chesterfield, MO
November 2016 to July 2017
Started off as a dietary aide then I had progressed over a period of two months and became one of the three lead cooks. Stocking, prep work, baking, sautéed items, making food orders, serving over 500 patients, also dealing with deaf patients, mechanical, and puréed patients as well, dishwasher, janitorial duties, following recipes, sanitization, cooperation and leadership. Server
TGI Friday's - St. Louis, MO
April 2016 to November 2016
The ability to utilize time management correctly by serving/bussing tables, bar back, host, expo, room service, and excellent customer service and all by following sanitation laws. Sales Associate and Cashier
Macy's - Des Peres, MO
September 2015 to April 2016
Responsibilities
Open/closing registers, making connections with customers, distributing merchandise and ringing up customers with excellent customer service, maintaining a clean area and looking out for theives. Accomplishments
The ability to multitask as I do..
Skills Used
Ability to adapt and learn and keep combining with prior knowledge and finding new aspects of things. Cashier/Cook
Pita Pit st louis - St. Louis, MO
April 2015 to January 2016
Responsibilities
Stocking. Open register. inventory, grill cook. customer service, baking, barista, general maintence, catering and deliveries.
Accomplishments
The ability to enhance my multitasking.
Skills Used
Multitasking, excellent food service, excellent customer service, team leading skills as well as independent skills.
Utility (Server) FOH
Moonrise hotel/Eclispe restaurant - St. Louis, MO
February 2015 to May 2015
Responsibilities
Room service to hotel rooms with proper requested items on tray. Server/Host/Banquet Bar back, barista-able to serve numerous people at one time taking every order accurately in detail. Along with side work such as Brewing fresh coffee and tea daily, prepping and bussing tables seating customers including taking reservations. Making sure the bar is fully stocked as well as the ice machine and general janitorial detailing.
Accomplishments
Time management and cooperation
Skills Used
Multi tasking, patience, speed, accuracy, dedication, and determination Grill cook
Mcdonald's - St. Louis, MO
May 2014 to March 2015
Responsibilities
Grill cook -prepares a variety of meats to well desired taste and properly cleaning the grill, customer service as well as food prep. Along with stocking/shelving, cashier, and janitorial detailing. Accomplishments
I was a very reliable person the company knew that if anyone had cracked under pressure, I could pull the weight and still maintain time production.
Skills Used
custom service, cooking, speed, accuracy, time manangement Dishwasher BOH
Nordstrom - St. Louis, MO
January 2014 to February 2015
Responsibilities
Dishwasher, prep cook, barista, baking, food prep, properly storing foods at correct room temperature, janitorial, stocking/shelving, sanitizing stationeries, Accomplishments
I truly had understood the true meaning of multi-tasking in a restaurant Skills Used
Multi-tasking, properly pre-planning, patience, self motivation and perservation. General laborer
Accrux staffing - Saint Ann, MO
February 2013 to November 2013
Responsibilities
Various warehouse related duties such as order and packing and assembly line. Pallet jack experience. Accomplishments
A better improved work ethic.
Skills Used
Hands on, patience, team work, and durability.
General Laborer
Labor Ready - St. Louis, MO
February 2011 to March 2013
Responsibilities
To follow instructions from supervisor accurately and apply by safety guidelines on the job site Accomplishments
The ability to adapt to change
Skills Used
data entry clerk, 10 key operator, cashier, construction, laborer, order/ packing, stocking, assembly line, food prep, cook, landscaping, and general maintenance Housekeeper
Ameristar Casino/Hotel - Saint Charles, MO
March 2012 to December 2012
Housekeeper/Laundry Attendant
Duties as a Housekeeper were to clean assigned rooms as scheduled; replenish all towels/linens, collect all trash, including but not limted to making/stripping beds, replacing room items, cleaning windows/face & toilet bowels, dusting, mopping, vacuuming floors. Duties as a Laundry Attendant were waxing the machine properly daily,loading/unloading washer and dryer, strecthing and separating linen, folding king/queen sets and stocking along with towels, dusting, sweeping/ mopping work area and disposing damaged linen Banquet Server
International Catering - St. Louis, MO
April 2010 to March 2012
Responsibilities
Cook, line cook, baking, food prep, bartending, waiter,busser, dishwasher, customer service, cashier, general maintenance and was also part of set up crew. Accomplishments
Enjoyed customer service
Skills Used
Multitasking
Cashier/Customer Service
Popeye's chicken & biscuits - St. Louis, MO
April 2009 to September 2010
Cashier, food prep, line cook, customer service, drive thru operation Education
Business Manangement
Vatterott College-Berkeley - Saint Louis County, MO 2014 to 2015
Associates in Business Administration
Florissant Valley Community College - St. Louis, MO 2010 to 2013
Business Technology
Saint Louis Job Corps - St. Louis, MO
2006 to 2007
Skills
• Hep A Ready, Ability to always learn, Multitasking, Pet friendly, Demolition, Construction, Pallet jack, Janitorial/ Sanitizing/, Housekeeper, Baker, Line Cook, Food Prep, Customer Service, Receptionist, Pet care, Home health aide, Data entry operator,10 key operator, Microsoft Word, Power Point, Excel,Publisher Proficient, General office environment, able lift over 75 lbs repeatedly (10+ years)
• Cellular
• Customer Service
• Call Center
• Customer Care
• Customer Support
• CSR
Certifications/Licenses
CPR/AED
June 2018 to June 2020

Contact this candidate
