
MISTRY SUMIT R.

B-**, Earth Somnath, Bh. Shaishv School, Sevasi-Gotri Road, Vadodara
Contact: 957*-***-***; E-mail: ac996v@r.postjobfree.com

SENIOR GRAPHIC DESIGNER / Team Lead/Supervisor
Seeking an opportunity for professional challenge and growth to support and enhance co-operative objectives of the company in the field of Graphics & Design

PROFILE

Technically astute, creative and resourceful professional with over 12+ years of experience in desktop publishing, commercial printing, magazine ad production and newspaper print production, Supervisor, Prepress artist currently spearheading as Supervisor in Printing with Rushabh Printers PVT. LDT.
Keep abreast of emerging print media technologies and find creative solutions to instructional problems. Understand and apply principles of visual organization, composition, information, hierarchy, symbolic representation, typography, aesthetics, and the construction of meaningful images.
Expertise in analyzing information system needs, evaluating end-user requirements, custom designing solutions, troubleshooting for the graphic, quality check, basic knowledge of ink matching.

Technical Skills:

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

1.5 years 6 months 7 months 2 months 9+ Years Sep’18 to Till

As a Visualizer/Graphic Designer/Supervisor

Visualizing every creative layout and effectively interacting with the clients and involve in creative sessions.
Creating visual concepts that matches the requirements of the clients.
Mapping client specifications & requirements, drafting functional requirements for computer systems using models & diagrams to represent the processes & functions involved and incorporating the same in the project.
Responsible for hiring new recruits and training them. Conducting QC for the operations team
Carrying out detail planning and scheduling and coordinated with internal& external partners to ensure execution of projects as per the defined technical & functional specifications

As a Team Lead / Supervisor / Prepress Artist

Knowledge about methodologies like Agile, Decision Effectiveness and Servant leadership
Ability to motivate people
Strong Team-Building Skills
Knowledge of project management
Deep knowledge & understanding of SOPs & Operations functioning.
Excellent Leadership Skills & Management Skills.
Experience of achieving goals independently also working in Global teams during doing projects.
Good knowledge of Communication and Feedback / Coaching and Development
Provided additional training to members of My Team
Knowledge of Training and Mentoring
Good knowledge of Quality check
As a Supervisor handling Printing Production (before starting any printing I am checking available thinks for printing like: Plates, Ink, Positives, Brills, Dies & Paper/Sheet)
While starting Printing check Color, Text and other things and share feedback with Machine Operator.
As a Prepress Artist check artwork, effects, colors, text, paper size and before making plates check all the details and effects
Check printing materials for job if find any issue highlights to store or manager
Check dispatch details while sending materials

Other Skills

Presentation skill, Conducting training and sessions, Meeting Etiquettes, Employee Engagement Skill, Public Speaking Skills, Motivating, Influencing Skills and Ink Matching (basic knowledge).

EDUCATIONAL CREDENTIALS

Date of Birth: 8th Dec, 1986

Rushabh
Printers
PVT. LTD.
Vistaprint
Now known as
Cimpress
RSA Digiprint
Shree Rang Graphics
Madhu Scan & CAD Services
Commune Graphics
Purity Flexpack Ltd

Britania Biscuits
Real Cook Atta
OOB Washing Powder
Atulya Salt
Mateshwari Salt
Vinayak Salt etc
Graphics Course
Arena Multimedia

Contact this candidate
