
Cisco Certified Network Associate
SUMMARY
Focused Network engineer bringing 3 years of diversified networking expertise.Excels at identifying and solving technical issues.
Professional detail orinted network engineer motivated to drive projects from start to finish as part of a dynamic team and experienced in desktop support and network configuration.
Skills & Certifications:
• CCNA-Cisco Certified Network Associate
Configure delay & support secure routers.
2nd level of network security support (a couple of levels higher than help desk).
Network security monitoring and analysis.
• RHCE-Red Hat Certified Engineer
Configuration static routers, packet filtering and network address translation.
Setting Kernel runtime parameter.
• Domain Expert on PCB Design and industrial PCB boards repairs.
Assist in designing and developing printed circuit boards (PCB)
• A+ N+ comptia course completed at IIHT Bangalore.
• Operating Systems : Windows7,Windows8,Windows10
• Hardware Skills : PC, Switching, Laptop Maintenance, Troubleshoot
• Programming Software : C, C++, & Core Java.
• Server experience : Windows 2003, 2008, 2012.
WORK EXPERIENCE:
1) Worked with Ansar Gulf General Trading Cont.co. Kuwait as a NETWORK ENGINEER.
Duties & responsibilities: (Duration :- 2 years)
Lead team of network engineers to maintain system security.
Good knowledge of OSI @TCP/IP model.
Create software to improve security and set up backup data storage. ALROUF ABDUL ALEEM –IT support B.E (ECE)
Mob: +965-******** / 96626797
Email: ac9964@r.postjobfree.com
Hands of experience of CISCO routers backup recovery and password breaking.
Implementation LAN and WAN connections using switches and routers.
Analyzed systems to identify and perform needed maintenance.
Setup of layer 2 layer 3 switching.
Experience of cisco routing and switching.
Responsible for communication protocols, configuration, integration & security.
Working knowledge of major networking components and hardware components.
CCTV OPERATOR:-
Monitored premises of large commerical office complex with CCTV network.
Reviewed activities captured on camera and notified authorities of supicious activity.
Archived CCTV foootage and maintained its tracking database.
Install, repaired, and maintained CCTV cameras.
kept maintenance and repair records for security equipment.
Identified areas that required CCTV monitoring.
Worked with IT and purchasing departments to develop and implement an upgraded expanded CCTV security monitoring system. BIOMETRIC DEVICE (AC 900)
Responsible to determine the type of the biometric system to be used depending upon the security level required.
Responsible to troubleshoot the automatic fingerprint detection device
Responsible to manually match the fingerprints in the database with the machine generated ones.
To determine the detection type to be used in fingerprint detection (arc, whorl, loop etc.)
Responsible to prepare the database of the fingerprints of the employees in the company.
Responsible to participate in the teams working on Iris and Fingerprint detection.
Responsible to match the fingerprints provided by the senior fingerprint Technician and check the ridge pattern.
Classify the Fingerprint database according to the ridge pattern.
Responsiple to prepare the database of the digital data from the hard copies received.
WORK EXPERINCE
2) Worked withTSL GROUP W.L.L GENERAL TRADING & CONSTRACTING CO,, Kuwait as a domain expert on PCB design and Industrial Boards Repairing Duties & Responsibilities: (Duration :-1 years)
Work with hardware engineer, PCB designers and fabrication for developments and sustaining of actual products.
Specify PCB contour and perform components placement in cooperation with mechanical and hardware developers.
Working with electronics schematics.
Create 3D model for PCB footprints.
Repaired printed circuit board fabrications at component level.
Identify components causing functional defect.
Performed testing of parts, components and PC boards in support of field and related issues and problem
WOR EXPERIENCE
3) Worked with Indian Institute of Hardware Technology limited, Bangalore as a Red Hat certified Engineer.
Duties& responsibilities: (Duration :- 1 years)
Configuring Static routers, packet filtering and network address translation.
Setting Kernel run time parameter.
Configuring an internet small computers system interface (ISCSI) initiator.
Configuring system logging, including remote logging.
Configuring a system to provide networking services including HTTP/HTTPS, File transfer protocol (FTP), Network file system (NFS),Server message block
(SMB)Simple mail transfer protocol(SMTP), Secure shell(SSH) and Network time protocol(NTP).
Installing & supporting application services and middleware support.
Good troubleshooting and analytic skills.
Performance monitoring of servers and talking backups as per the requirment PROJECT EXPERIENCE
(SELF ASSISTANT OF ASTHMA PATIENTS USING ANDROID APPLICATION)
Tools: Microcontroller, Buzzer, Temperature sensor, Humidity sensor, air- pollution sensor.
Description: Self assisting patient using mobile apps. The different condition of asthma patient is analyzed. Preferred medicine is based on their condition additionally add e-mail and Mobile numbers fixed on the mobile app during for emergency time.
EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITES
• Student council: Involvements in student government develops important skills like leadership, communication, and people management.
• Initiative: improving activities can help you learn the skills required by jobs in your field.
LANGUAGES
• Arabic
• English
• Hindi
• Urdu
• Tamil
INTERESTS & ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
• Playing football, Cricket, squash and swimming.
EDUCATION QUALIFICATIONS
2012 – 2016 Bachelor of Engineering,Anna University, Chennai, India.
• Electronics and communication engineering (ECE)
2010-2012 Higher secondary school, St .Joseph higher secondary school, Tamilnadu, India.
• Computer science department(CS)
Personal Epitome:
Date of birth : 09-07-1994
Passport # : R7307048
Date of Expiry : 07/01/2028
Place : Block-1, Farwaniya, kuwait.
Visa Status : Article No. 18 Transferable

Contact this candidate
