
Robert Daft
**** **** **. 740-***-****
Albany, Ohio 45710
ac990q@r.postjobfree.com
• Provide service during field visits or dispatches
• Site specific safety analyses/discussions and mitigation's prior to starting tasks involved.
• Management of on site installations, troubleshooting, repairs and operations.
• Adaptive to change and tight deadlines
WORK EXPERIENCE
Sr. Electrical Resistance Heat Treating Technician-Subcontractor Albany, Ohio 3/2010 to Present-Managed or was a part of a crew at projects, Preheating/Post Weld Heat Treating Pipes, Tanks, Drums, Columns, Vessels at Oil/Gas/Petrochemical Refineries/Electrical Power Generating Plants, and other industrial sites throughout the United States. Sr. Electrical Resistance Heat Treating Technician. Quality Heat Treating-(A division of Quality Inspection Services) - Buffalo, NY - October 2008 to March 2010 Project Mgr./Sr. On Site Technician. On site installation of Electrical Resistance Heaters for Preheat or Post Weld Heat Treating, using 3-phase 480vac for primary power. QIS/QHT was purchased by AP-plus 01/2010
Electrical Resistance Heat Treating Technician-Subcontractor March 2003 to October 2008 Subcontracted to do line thaws, hydrogen bake-outs, preheats and post weld heat treatment on piping, tanks, vessels and/or metal fabrications at Oil/Gas/Petrochemical, Electrical Power Generating Plants and other industrial sites throughout the United States. Electrical Resistance Heat Treating Technician
Thermal Solutions, Columbus, Ohio-February 2002 to March 2003 On site installation of 70vac/150amp electrical resistance elements, high velocity gas combustion equipment or induction heat treating methods for the purpose of post weld heat treating or preheating of metal fabrications to be welded.
Electronic Systems Test Technician
Command Alkon, Dublin, OH - April 1999 to January 2000 Responsibilities included ground up assembly, test, troubleshoot and repair of a PC based concrete batch control systems, PLC controlled material handler(junction boxes/panel enclosures). Minor duties included installing PC hardware, downloading software, and setup test, adjust, and calibrate CRT/LCD monitors, OKI data printers, Uninterruptible Power Supply's, load cell indicators and aggregate moisture probes. Electronic/Mechanical Assembler/Electronic Systems Test Technician Auto Control - Columbus, OH - January 1995 to April 1999 Promoted to “Systems Test” after one year of service. Auto Control was a manufacturer of a PC based Mobile Ready Concrete Batch Systems and Controllers. Auto Control was purchased by Command Alkon 04/1999 Forklift Driver, Machine Operator, Mobile Drill Rig Operator Various temporary services - Columbus, OH - February 1991 to April 1995 In order to maintain an income for myself and family I accepted many positions through temporary agencies. Machine Operator/Forklift Operator
Packaging Concepts – Zanesville, OH - May 1987 to June 1991 Packaging Concepts was a manufacturer of polystyrene package protection parts. Operating machines that expanded various grades of petroleum polymers to customer specific densities. Other duties included emergency repairs and preventive maintenance on electrical, hydraulic, pneumatic actuated devices on injection molds. General Contractor
Self Employed, Athens, OH - August 1985 to April 1987 Hired by local trade contractors and private individuals do residential electric, plumbing, drywall, carpentry, painting and other interior / exterior repairs or improvements.
Quality Control/Electronic Control Module/Electronic Technician Dayton, OH - August 1984 to May 1985 Dayton Speedometer and Radio Service (No longer in service) Hired as an Electronic Control Module Test Technician I quickly advanced to the Quality Control department of Radio Test and Repair, promoted to Test Technician after 90 days of service doing factory authorized repairs of all General Motors, Ford and Chrysler automotive sound systems. Engineer Assistant / Mechanical Lab Technician
Delco Products (a division of General Motors) - Kettering, OH - May 1982 to June 1983 Assigned to the Automotive Life Test Department-Shocks/Struts Laboratory where my duties included, test apparatus setup, perform test, daily monitoring and compiling end test results per Engineers specifications. I was also responsible for maintenance and repairs of electrical, hydraulic and pneumatic actuators used to conduct life-cycle tests. Electronic Test Technician
Linear Digital Systems - Centerville, OH - February 1983 to May 1983 (No longer in service) Hired temporarily to assemble, test and repair custom designed electronic systems and devices. Electronic Test Technician
Com Radar Corporation - Dayton, OH - October 1979 to May 1981 As an ETT I applied the principles, theories of electronics, electrical circuitry, electronic and electrical testing to align, test, troubleshoot and repair the Fox Super Heterodyne Radar Detector. (CRC is no longer in service) EDUCATION
International Broadcasting College-Dayton, OH
ITT Institute of Technology - Electronic Engineering Technology - Dayton, OH 2yr Certificate of Completion - Tri County, Electronic Technology - Nelsonville, OH Athens High School - The Plains, OH
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Single, willing to relocate
Willing to travel up to 100%.
Valid Ohio Drivers License
US Passport
Transportation Workers Identification Card (Federal) OSHA Basic/10/40
DISA screened.
KEY WORDS
Electronics, Electrical-Mechanical, HMI, SCADA, Operator, Hydraulic/Pneumatic systems, Overhead Crane, JLG, Forklift, Reach Truck, JLG, Artificial Lift, Heat Treating, 480v, Oil/ Gas Petrochemical, Electrical Power Plants, Plumbing, Computer, Mechanical Assembly, PC system test, PC Repair
(hardware) Test Equipment, PLC, Directional Valves, Limit Switch, Soldering, Wire, Panel Assembly, DVOM, Service, Monitoring, UPS, Windows, MS-Word, Controls, Test, Calibrate, Analog, Schematic, Blueprint, Solenoid,

Contact this candidate
