
Summary of Qualifications
Dedicated Certified Forklift Operator over 10-years’ experience working in a fast paced warehouse distribution environment. An energetic and highly skilled professional with expertise in operating reach trucks, cherry pickers and electric pallet jacks. Proven interpersonal skills with demonstrated ability to learn new systems and processes. Highly effective in promoting a positive, productive environment. Seeking a professional career with excellent growth.
Certificates & Education
Certification: B&W Forklift Training Center Industrial Trucks Conyers, GA
Central High School General/Drafting Detroit, MI
Certificates & Education
Exceptional Organzational Skills Interpersonal Skills Multi-Task Shipping & Recieving
Familiar with RF Systems Material Handling Training Safety-Oriented Quality Control
Professional Experience
Habasit America, Suwanee, GA
Fabrication/80" Slitter, 09/2017-Present
Measure materials while loading and unloading packaged materials. Mount roll of material on machine supports and threads material over tension bar, between feed rollers, and under rotary blades.Slit and breakdown finished press rolls according to docket specifications to assure that finished product meets quality and accuracy standards, and inspect and eliminate bad material. Stage, palletize and inspect materials. Prepare packing lists, pallet tags, job roll tags, docket production reports and enter info into radius. Start machine and observe flow of material through machine to detect irregular cutting and winding. Watch for print, material and lamination defects. Maintain all rewind equipment in top condition (i.e. sweep around machine) Ensure good running condition. Operate controls to stop, start, and regulate speed of machine and to align material with rotary blades. Space rotary blades on machine shaft, according to width specified for strips, and turns setscrew to secure blades in position. Disengage winding shaft and removes narrow rolls of material.
Plaid Enterprises Inc. Decatur, GA
Dept Wastewater/Material Handler, 11/2015-08/2017
Mix chemicals to clarify water to be sent to county. Inspect recording equipment. Carefully mixing liquid and dry chemicals. Perform inventory cycyle counts. Document data. Collect and test water samples. Clean and maintain equipment including filter pots. Biocide treatment wash Totes and P-Drums. Load and unload trucks with Totoes and P-Drums. Add chemicals, such as ammonia, chlorine, or lime, to disinfect and deodorize water and other liquids. Inspect equipment or monitor operating conditions, meters, and gauges to determine load requirements and detect malfunctions. Collect and test water and sewage samples, using test equipment and color analysis standards. Record operational data, personnel attendance, or meter and gauge readings on specified forms. Operate and adjust controls on equipment to purify and clarify water, process or dispose of sewage, and generate power.
Laddawn Inc. Atlanta, GA
Forklift Operator/Material Handler, 05/2013-08/2015
Cut tubing to the size of up coming job supplied materials to production, palletized, load and unload trucks, package finished products thread up budget winders adjust perforation track bag length and seal bar. Inventory, warhehose clean up quality control. Load materials and products into package processing equipment. Clean containers, materials, supplies, or work areas, using cleaning solutions and hand tools. Record product, packaging, and order information on specified forms and records. Measure, weigh, and count products and materials. Examine and inspect containers, materials, and products to ensure that packing specifications are met.
Acurex Services, Norcross, GA
Warehouse Associate/Forklift Operator, 08/2009-03/2013
Package product for shipping, staged finished materialss, read work orders or recieved oral instructions to determine work assignment materials. Use of large shrink wrap machine. Load nand unload trucks with sit down lift and reach trucks. maintain quotas for shipping, inventory and use of RF scanning. Professionally operate forklift, clamp truck, or other power equipment to load, unload, move, stack, stage and count product and materials. Uses radio frequency equipment for picking, receiving and putaway, as required. Operate all equipment in a safe and efficient manner following prescribed work methods. Comply with OSHA and MSDS Standards. Perform picking duties in an efficient manner to meet customer needs.

Contact this candidate
