
Sr. Database Developer

Industry Experience

Having 19+ years of strong IT experience in Software Analysis, Design, Development, and
Unit testing in Application Development of Enterprise-wide Applications using SQLs
PL/SQLs on Oracle, MySQL and SQL server databases, for complex business functionalities on UNIX
/ LINUX and Windows platforms.
Excellent Technical Knowledge.
Excellent communication skills, including the ability to articulate results and
recommendations of analysis to a variety of audiences within the organization.
Ability to adapt to shifting priorities, demands, and timelines.
Proven ability to develop and maintain strong professional relationships with customers and
colleagues.
Very Good Experience in Building SSRS Reports\SSIS Packages.
Very Good Experience with VSS/SVN for Check-out\Check-in and maintaining the
different versions of the code.
Expertise in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) phases including Analysis, Design,
Implementation, Maintenance.
Experience in Agile Methodology Development processes
Involved in requirement gathering, conceptualizing, designing, developing, unit testing for
variety of business problems or scenarios
Well versed of Extract, Transform and Load (ETL) process.
Expertise in Crystal reports.
Good Experience in MSSQL 2008/2012/2014.
Experience in Database Backup, Recovery and Disaster Recovery procedures.
Experience in Debugging performance issues using SQL Profiler.
Experience with Always On High Availability groups.
Hands on Experience in writing SQL queries and views.
Hands on Experience writing Stored Procedures using T-SQL and SQL.
Experienced in Ticketing / defect tracking systems like Dell KACE, Jira and HP QC
Build a Script which checks weekly for any New Task Scheduler Jobs and reports back to
team if any.
Learning project experience in SAS, R programming, Python, Big Data,
Exposure in basic Java, Hadoop, Spark, Hive.
Expertise in shell scripting.

Proficient in Oracle, MySQL, SQL Server, MS Access
Experienced in Business analysis, Requirements analysis, and preparation of Functional
specifications and detailed design documentation for enterprise applications.
Proficient in monitoring tools like AutoSys and Control-M
Experienced in Project Management for critical application support.
Expertise in writing stored procedure / function on Oracle as well as MS SQL Server
Databases.
Strong experience of Secured Socket Layer (SSL) Certificates while deploying them in
Production and non-Production.
Experienced in debug and issue troubleshoot applications.
Experience in dealing / interaction with Law Enforcement department.
Proficient in post implementation support for deployed production application.
Experienced in interaction with end client for technical and functional requirement
specifications.
Exposure to SCRUM in Agile methodology

.

Technical Skill Set

Languages
Korn Shell, PL/SQL, SQL, T-SQL, UNIX/Linux Shell Script, SAS, R programming, Python,
Technologies
SSRS, SSIS, SSMS.Data Science, Business Object, Extract, Transform and Load (ETL) Process, Crystal Reports 7.0, 8.0, XI, Forms 6i, Power BI (Exposure)
Monitoring Tools
Autosys, Control-M
Databases
Oracle, MySQL, MS SQL Server, MS Access
Ticketing / defect Tracking
Dell KACE, Jira, HP QC,

Version Control
SVN, CVS, VSS
Tools
TOAD, SQL Developer
Operating Systems
Windows, Unix,Linux
Business Domains
Law Enforcement Department (Government), Telecom, Manufacturing, Finance, Inventory and Logistics, Shipping

Project Summary

Project: Police Record Management System Apr’ 2016 – till date
Client: Police Department, Milwaukee, WI, USA Role: Sr. Oracle / SQL Database Developer

Description
Migration of legacy Record Management System (RMS) to new web based RMS developed by Centralsquare Technologies [earlier Tritech System]. It will allow filed officers more time to maintain Law and order in the community by cutting their reporting time. This system allow client to customization in build their own forms, workflows, notifications, validations, data collection forms and reporting.
RMS allowed custom fields, forms, modules, dashboards and a report generator. All entered information flows across the integrated public safety records management system which compliant with statutory requirements.

Responsibilities:
Participating in all initial Trainings and issue tracking meetings
Coordinating with Project Lead/ Manager for application support and development activities
Participating in defect / issued status calls to report project status
Understanding of creating and troubleshooting stored procedures, indexes and views using T-SQL.
Using SQL Profiler for troubleshooting, monitoring and tuning of SQL Server from SSMS.
Providing Production support and Incident management through ITSM tickets assigned to us and resolving them as per SLA.
Working with program managers, Other DBAs and other system engineers efficiently to manage applications and resolve issues efficiently.
Following up with core development team for any defects those found during end user testing.
Perform detail design work for workflows, business rules, user interfaces and reports.
Participate in discussions with Business teams to crystallize business requirements and change requests.
Designing/coding applications following specifications using the appropriate tools and adhering to the companies coding standards.
Designing and developing new systems with an emphasis on minimized maintenance requirements, as well as performing maintenance and enhancement of existing systems.
Interface with end-users for the purpose of design and implementation of new systems and troubleshooting problems with existing systems.
Reiterating thru all the previous codes and updating those with the new business requirements.
Installation and Configuration of Record Management Systems [RMS] application on multiple environments
Responsible for writing and modifying SQL scripts for application Maintenance.
Developed stored Procedure and Functions for Oracle, MySQL and SQL Server database .
Responsible for maintaining RMS Application along with the other Home grown applications.
Created various packages for Data import by customized ETL tool using Microsoft SSIS.
Co-coordinating with our developer’s team to review and validate the code at each phase.
Created various reports using BI tool Crystal report and Microsoft SSRS.
Responsible for all the Core system support to maintain the environments and give higher level of customer satisfaction through meeting SLA’s.
Responsible for maintaining all the RMS application support related tickets, which come through from users, for both PROD and Non-PROD Environments.
Work with RMS support to troubleshoot production issues and proactively research ways to improve the environment.
Developed a script to tag Police CAD DB qualified records which generate is send to a CSV file report and copy to shared location to pick up by Axon’s [Photo and Video tagging Website] job.
Resolve issues related to RMS systems components.
Troubleshoot issues related to RMS Application.
Handled day-to-day problems with high level of interaction with users through phone/ email
Checking of all the log files on regular basis.

Project: NGEAG Production Support Jan’ 2014 – Apr’ 2016
Client: AT & T, Richardson, TX, USA Role: Sr. Database Developer
Description
NGEAG (Next Generation External Application Gateway) is AT&T Mobility’s implementation of an SDP (Service Delivery Platform) – a standard based secure and scalable platform for exposing core AT&T enablers to external (i.e. third party) developers.
Provides secure and controlled access of network services (Voice, Messaging, Data, etc.) to 3rd Party Applications and Subscribers. Provides 3rd Parties and Subscribers to access SMS, MMS, WAP Push, Location, and Device Capabilities MIND lookup. Provides a platform for Application Management & Control. AT&T can control traffic from each third party before it reaches the Core Network.
Helps transform 3rd Party/3rd Party Apps Integration Process from a technical one to a business one (reduced TTM, improved economies of scale, etc.). Necessary for bringing on new applications rapidly.

Responsibilities:
Leading a team to maintain, Install, configure, troubleshoot, monitor and upgrade to software applications used in telecommunication.
Provide Technical Support and Basic Development for Computer Applications and Programs.
Providing Production support and Incident management through ITSM tickets assigned to us and resolving them as per SLA.
Working with program managers, Other DBAs and other system engineers efficiently to manage applications and resolve issues efficiently.
Provide Automation Solutions to the team for Day-to-Day\Routine Tasks.
Worked with stakeholders and partner teams to understand business requirements. Participated and drive discussions on production architecture and support processes.
Worked closely with development and test teams to deploy, upgrade, enhancements and troubleshoot applications.
Set up backup for Production database.
Developed stored Procedure and Functions for Oracle, MySQL / SQL database .
Actively involved in problem /resolution / change management for 24x7 suites of applications.
Deployed software patches, infrastructure components while scheduling, tuning, and configuring applications.
Carry out necessary research and analysis to resolve production issues. Independently handle RCA (Root Cause Analysis).
Contributed in developing tools and scripts required for Production Monitoring and Support.
Wrote UNIX shell and PL/ SQL, SQL scripts to automate application monitoring.
Wrote T-SQL script for database tables updates on MS SQL Server database to automate few tasks.
Provided Infrastructure support for non-production environments.
Involved in keeping non- production environments up to date as required by test team.
Provided real time support (analysis and troubleshooting) for issues and setting alerts using Splunk.
Determined and documented Methods of Procedure (MoP) for installation steps in production environment.
Closely work with release management team to deploy the code in production environment.
Renewed SSL certificates and ensured their compliance with interfacing applications.
Provided assistance to the application development team by testing and deploying applications/software changes/releases through the Change Management processes

Project: LTE Production Support Jun’ 2012 – Dec 2013
Client: AT & T, Richardson, TX, USA Role : Database developer

Description
Openet Inc. develops Gold Fusion Work Balance Manager Product. It’s mainly used for pre-paid customers, although it tracks the usage of pre-paid and postpaid customer on real time basis. It is responsible for managing requests from different external systems to provide control over accounts, subscribers, plans, orders and balances for different 3G devices such as netbook, iPad, Data Connect cards.
The users can buy time-based and/or usage based plans and use their device to surf the internet or download data, music or videos over the internet. Balance Manager provides many services such as
creating customer, accounts and subscriber and as well provide near real time rating of usage generated by the subscribers.
Responsibilities:
Provide Infrastructure support for non-production environments.
Keep environment up to date as required by testing team.
Play key role in the implementation of new releases.
Prepare Build/Environment plans for projects with low to medium levels of complexity/risk.
Provide post-production support and troubleshooting for release deployment issues for applications.
Review documentation related to Deployment, Architecture, Design and end user services of new applications/releases
Configuration of Applications that integrate with existing applications.
Provide real time support (analysis and troubleshooting) for issues.
Support adhoc requests from System Testing team.
Prepare stepwise installation and deployment document for production environment.
Reset the password annually to ensure compliance.
Prepared few of the scripts for monitoring space issue.
Closely work with release management team to move the code in production environment.
Provide assistance to the Applications Development team with testing and deployment of application/software changes/releases through the formal change management processes
Project: AT & T Mobility - eCRM Jan’ 2009 – May 2012
Client: AT & T, USA Role: Application Developer

Description
Snooper is a web-based 24 x 7 application used by AT&T Mobility personnel such as Customer Care, Retail, and Business-to-Business (B2B), to verify customer's cellular phone account features against network element profiles. It can be used to troubleshoot and resolve technical customer service issues, and out-of-synch conditions between billing and provisioned network elements. Depending on access level, users can view or edit certain profile fields, and gain access to functionality available from certain applications on cellular switches.

Responsibilities:
Working as a Database Administrator
Resourcing for team building
Interaction with client and participating in SIS review call for new releases
Provide real time support (analysis and troubleshooting) for issues
Keep environment up to date as required by testing team.
Prepare stepwise installation and deployment document for production environment.
Reset the password annually to ensure compliance.
Prepared few of the scripts for monitoring space issue.

Project: LD Tier -2, AT &T Aug’ 2007 – Dec 2008
Client: AT & T, USA Role: Application Developer

Description
The American Telephone & Telegraph Company ‘AT&T’ is the largest provider of both local and long distance telephone services. I was working under “SBC-LD Tier 2” for this company. I was responsible for production support work in “SBC-LD Tier 2”.

Responsibilities:
Provided second line support to Telecom Billing and CSM module.
Clearing billing cycle rejects from all Market like (AMT, PCT, SWT, and BUS).
Answering to Vantive and Webtrax Issues.
Checking all EOD jobs log.
Through Copy Ban, replicate the billing issues from Production to Test environment.
Response to all ad hoc client queries.
Adding, Updating and expiring users in Telegence application
Adding BOT minutes
Implementing Telegence Non-Production Requests Forms
Running CVS Scripts in various markets database on UNIX machines
Scheduling various data processing jobs.
Implementing, Validating, Finalizing and Raking Price Plans

Project: Originating and Destination Number Analysis May’ 2005 – Jul 2007
Client: British Telecom, UK Role: Team Leader

Description
Ordinal (Originating and Destination Number Analysis) focuses on information of ported number i.e. number which do not belong to British Telecom (BT) have come to it and numbers which belong to BT have gone to other license operator (OLO). Timestamp details are maintained i.e. the start date of the duration when an OLO number was with BT or BT numbers were with other OLO.

Responsibilities:
Understanding customer’s requirements and preparing system requirements specifications.
Logical Physical database design based on requirement specifications.
Extensively worked in Oracle Forms 6i to modify existing Forms and created new Forms as well
Unit test plan and System test plan preparation and testing.
Developed stored procedures/triggers/functions using PL/SQL as per LLD.
Involved in the implementation and maintenance of the production, development and testing environment.

Oct’2002 to Jan’2005 with Creative Vision, Pune as Software Engineer

Key Projects Handled as a Developer:
Title: Telephone Systems Duration: Oct’2004 to Dec’2004
Title: SOFF Updating Systems Duration: Sept’2004 to Oct’2004
Title: Item Code & BOM Generation Duration: May’2004 to Aug’2004
Title: Free Service Coupon Systems Duration: Apr’2004 to Apr’2004
Title: Multi-Machine Allowance Duration: Jan’2004 to Mar’2004

Project on Deputation as a Developer:
1.Title: Schedule Reliability Database for Shipping Company Duration: Sep’2002 to Nov’2002

Apr’2000 to July’2002 with Shree Infosys P Ltd, Pune as Programmer
Key Projects Handled:
Title: Inventory & Shearing Plan Duration: Apr’2000 to Jul’2000

Certifications

Oracle 9i Certified Associates (DBA)
Data Scientist (SimpliLearn )

Education

MBA in Finance, from University of Pune, in 2010.
Masters Diploma in Computer Management (MDCM) from Datapro Infoworld Ltd., Pune in 1997 (Secured 1st class with distinction).
B.Com from Pune University, Pune in 1994.

Manoj Umate
Email: ac993n@r.postjobfree.com,
ac993n@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile: +1-469-***-****

Contact this candidate
