
Woody E. Martindale
760-***-****
ac99ih@r.postjobfree.com
Professional Summary:
Dedicated, results-driven professional with 25+ years of front-line manufacturing operations expertise on a continuous galvanize line. Proven track record of successfully planning, scheduling, and directing daily production activities encompassing personnel management, enforcing safety standards, analyzing and improving manufacturing processes for increased efficiency, quality control, effective communication and coordination with multiple departments, and ensuring on time delivery of $80M annually in galvanized flat rolled steel products. Recognized for having an outstanding work ethic, integrity, meeting deadlines, and exhibiting sound judgement. Solid work history reflecting company loyalty, stability, and dedication.
Skills & Expertise:
5S / Lean Manufacturing Quality Control Continuous Process Improvement ISO 9001 QMS Standards Root Cause Analysis Risk Assessment EHS, PSM & OSHA Compliance Excellent Communication Skills Critical Issue Resolution Solid Analytical & Problem Solving Skills Safety / LOTO Train / Motivate / Mentor Employees On Time Delivery (OTD) SOP Development Documentation Logs & Reporting Leadership Teams:
Total Quality Management Team (TQM) - Achieved $14M annual production gains. Accident Prevention Team (APT) – Collaborated on solutions to address & prevent safety issues. Software Proficiencies:
PSI MES (Manufacturing Execution System Software)
GE CIMPLICITY (Operations Control & Optimization, Lean Production Execution Software) NOVAtime Time & Attendance Software
Microsoft Word & Excel
Professional Experience:
California Steel Industries – Fontana, CA
Operations Leader – #1 Galvanize Line
February 8, 1987 – June 20, 2019
Operations Leader for 22 years on a continuous galvanize line, operating (4) crews 24/7 on rotating shift schedule. In- depth, hands on manufacturing operations experience with roles demonstrating progressively increasing responsibility throughout career. Previous positions at California Steel Industries included: Shear Operator, Piler Operator, Material Handler, Entry Feeder, Slitter, Entry Welder, Delivery Coiler, Delivery Inspector, Assistant Operator, and Line Operator. Leveraged technical know-how and thorough understanding of production processes and controls to solve challenging problems in a fast paced environment that required quick thinking and split-second decisions. Management Responsibilities:
Directed shift production activities in a safe and efficient manner to achieve the desired quality, quantity, and OTD of steel product orders to customers. Assured quality and safety while achieving established goals and objectives.
Collaborated with various teams to optimize processes and spearhead continuous improvement activities utilizing 5S/Lean Manufacturing techniques to achieve efficiency in maintaining operations, safety, product flow, equipment performance, and quality of product.
Anticipated production and quality problems and implemented solutions to offset unscheduled line interruptions. Developed alternate solutions including corrective action and preventative measures.
Monitored equipment, processes and production personnel to ensure downtime was minimized and maximum productivity was achieved.
Structured schedule and coordinated materials to meet maximized production efficiencies with large material runs. Verified materials prior to changeovers to prevent non-conforming product issues.
Conducted root cause analysis to identify and prevent reoccurrence of failures or quality issues. Anticipated problems, identified opportunities for improvement, and recommended proactive solutions. Woody Martindale Resume
Page 2 of 2
Ensured that pertinent information was clearly and accurately communicated to all affected departments in a timely fashion. Downloaded shift information and prepared other operations leaders at shift turns.
Conducted timely inspection, troubleshooting, and diagnosis of equipment malfunctions, coordinated repairs with maintenance/millwrights/electricians to minimize downtime.
Completed all required shift paperwork and production reports timely and accurately.
Assisted in the development and documentation for SOPs for the effective performance of production tasks and supervised staff in the proper execution of those procedures. Ensured compliance with federal, state, local laws, and company policies.
Appropriately presented information and responded to questions from senior management and effectively communicated with multiple groups at all levels of the organization. Worked with peers and staff from other departments in a proactive and constructive manner. Successfully engaged and lead individual and team meetings.
Participated in team projects (TQM & APT) to improve efficiencies and/or reduce operating costs and address potential safety concerns.
Conducted thorough injury, accident, and near miss investigations and documented such as required. Implemented countermeasures. Facilitated weekly crew safety meetings. Supervisory Responsibilities:
Supervised line crews by training, observing, and using technical knowledge to coach and educate employees. Monitored and assessed employee skill proficiency to identify continued training needs. Develop talent within the plant to provide a pipeline of future operators and leaders.
Assured manpower coverage requirements through cross-training of employees to cover PTO, FMLA & absence gaps.
Addressed complaints and resolved problems through conflict resolution. Maintained effective working relationships with team members through communication, positive recognition, shift visibility and involvement.
Enforced company policies and procedures with an emphasis on safety. Conducted walkthroughs throughout the shift to assure proper use of PPE, safety devices, and adherence to safety, housekeeping, and environmental practices.
Evaluated and addressed employee performance issues and ensured corrective action was taken when dealing with disciplinary actions.
Controlled and minimized overtime labor costs. Prepared and administered timely performance evaluations. Managed time and attendance system and approved timecards. Additional Qualifications:
Qualified operator of 35-Ton Crane (Coil Grabs, Magnet, C-Hook), 5-Ton Forklift, and 30-Ton Industrial Tractor.
Perform roll changes utilizing crane equipped with dual hoists & roll extractor.
Confined Space Qualified.
Oversee Firefighting and Evacuation Procedures.
Loading coil saddles/ramps.
Feed strip in line using coil hoist, pay off reel, feed table, snubber, peeler, pinch roll, and flattener.
Ensure proper material is being run using micrometers, measuring tapes, production schedule, MES, and gamma gauges.
Use of electric shears & cutting torches to neck down strip and remove damage.
Operation of lap seam welder.
Gas/Degas Furnace.
Control furnace hydrogen & nitrogen flows and temperatures (4 preheat zones, 7 reducing zones, 10 cooling zones, 2 jet coolers, furnace fans, recirculating fans).
Monitor strip tracking utilizing steering rolls, pot roll height, and control line speed according to product mix (Full hard, Galv-Anneal, Standard Galvanize, Structural, and Heavy Coating).
Maintain zinc adherence through established operating procedures.
Control Coating Weight (air pressure, distance, knife height and angle, and speed) per Underwriter Laboratory guidelines.
Pumping coating pot. Control coating pot levels using zinc ingots. Control coating pot chemistry by adjusting aluminum percentage to ISO standards. Dross main pot and pre-melt using special PPE. Remove dross pigs and weigh using sledge hammers, forklifts, and cranes.
Loading & Unloading of railcars, dumping of scrap box using crane.
Monitor quench tank water levels and utilize tower fans to control strip temperature.
Operate tension leveler to control shape.
Operate Chem Treat section. Concentrations controlled per ISO requirements.
Remove finished coils from tension reel using coil car, snubber, and stripper plate. Operate wrapping machine to wrap finished material per customer specifications. Manually wrap coils as required. Document wrapping production and ticket coils. Use of pneumatic tools to band coils. Stock finished coils by crane and/or tractor.

Contact this candidate
