
Deanna Meredith
**** **** ****** ***** ● Atlanta ● Georgia ● 30331 ● 770-***-**** ● ac9bvr@r.postjobfree.com Over 24 years of successful CNC programming for national and international labeling companies. Contributing factors include: Detail oriented CAD software expert with proven leadership and organizational competency. Strengths include: Documented track record of time-based delivery aligned with critical business goals, environmentally accustomed to fast-paced workplace with quick changing needs, excellent print reader abilities, time management focus for successful delivery of CNC system repairs and CNC program updates, detailed communications with clients and strong client relationship skills. Work experience
2017 – March 31, 2019
CNC PROGRAMER, SOUTHERN GRIND
CNC programmer using Mastercam V19, Fadal and Kitamura
Programed and managed waterjet operation and maintained inventory for Flow Waterjet.
Developed and maintain internal inventory system to track raw materials for purchasing.
Designed and developed methodology for maximum product yield from raw materials with supporting record production flow charts aligning all waterjet operators. 2016 – 2017
CNC PROGRAMER, MACHINIST (R & D Department), INFOTREE SERVICES, INC Independent Contractor with Eaton executing machining responsibilities using the following equipment:
Waterjet (Omax 55100) Spot Weld
Band Saw Jet Belt Sander
Horizontal Band Sander Baldor Bench Grinder
Pack Vacuum Lift C60 Press Brake
Crane Bridgeport (CNC mill)
Paint Booth Haas Mini (CNC Mill)
Power Coat Oven Track Lathe (CNC)
Sandblaster Drill Press
Other responsibilities include:
Develop and build prototypes for engineers
Delivery of successful material programing projects utilizing Waterjet, CNC Mill, CNC lathe and Sheetmetal
Manage the order and organization of projects, Including selection of proper material i.e. steel, stainless steel, aluminum or plastic.
QC responsible prior to delivery
2008 – 2016
SENIOR CNC PROGRAMER, KOCHER + BECK
Articulated, applied and analyzed incoming CNC projects and details.
Designed and developed production features using multiple material types i.e. steel, aluminum, brass, wood and plastic.
Worked with senior programmers to develop new programming techniques to establish quicker cycle times to reduce tooling cost.
Utilized CAD software to edit, draw and design complex parts for programming.
Interfaced with design engineers and project managers to identify and reduce material waste. Page 2 of 2
1994 – 2008
CNC PROGRAMER, AMERICAN DIE TECHNOLOGY
Applied and analyze incoming CNC projects and details.
Researched new products and techniques in industry.
Implemented and monitored strict use of project management procedures and systems.
Generated measurable programmatic growth.
Developed and maintain quality customer relationships and supported swift and positive resolutions.
Review prints for necessary changes in CNC machine processes and delivered successful production programming.
Moderated new hire and training programs.
Documented and established standards.
Modified existing standards to incorporate engineering changes.
Analyzed operational data submitted by CSR's.
Achieved 100% customer satisfaction with delivery of 50k plus successful program designs. Educational/Certifications
Mastercam, Snellville, GA, Mastercam Certified 9.1 (2008) Kaskaskia Community College, Centralia, Illinois, Associate in Applied Science, Drafting (1981-1983) Technical Recognition's
2004-2010 Blue Chip Recognition for exceeding quality requirements and production of programs.
2010-2014 Exceeded expectations in customer satisfaction - CNC project design and delivery.
2004-2010 Develop program reducing cost of part production by 30%. Programing and Technical Expertise
Mastercam, Auto Cad, Corel Draw, Lergo CAD, Fadal, Kitamura, Adobe illustrator and all Microsoft applications Volunteer/Community Involvement
Sickle cell foundation of Georgia Atlanta Georgia annual (2004-2015)
Atlanta Dream WNBA Atlanta Georgia (2010-2015)
Consultations
CWigginsHall, New York, New York (2011-2012); Design lead for team developing of a concession carrier. Deanna Meredith ● 3883 King Edward Trail ● Atlanta ● GA ● 30331 ● ac9bvr@r.postjobfree.com ● 770-***-****

Contact this candidate
