
Anthony Jemison
ac9b8f@r.postjobfree.com
414-***-****
SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
● Strong manufacturing & machinist skills and experience.
● Dependable and hardworking; able to accurately follow written or oral instructions.
● Self-starter; positive attitude; enthusiastic team player.
● Excellent attention to detail; goal oriented.
● Flexible and committed; able to multi-task.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
February 2016 – Present
Peak Technical Staffing
Contractor
February 2014 – January 2016
Self-Employed
Landscaper
● Built residential and commercial hardscapes and waterscapes 2012 – 2014
Software Specialist/GE Healthcare
Mechanical Tech I
● Taping and Plasma Cleaning, TPA Coupling & TPA Cleaning, uses the Nikon Measuring System, TPA/DMA X Ray Test System. Detector Module Assembly, 5 S Safety Program, DFA Skeleton Testing, DFA Attach Center and IFB Programming. 2011 – 2012
Kelly Staffing
Assembly Tech II (Briggs and Stratton)
● Rotated through all the tasks required in a particular production process.
● Review work orders and blueprints to ensure work is performed according to specifications.
● Receiving Assistant (Sigma Aldrich)
● Examine incoming shipments and compare with records to insure accuracy of incoming shipments.
2010 – 2011
Volt Staffing/Rockwell Automation
Mechanical Tech
● Used overhead cranes and forklifts to locate and stage materials used to complete orders.
● Used SAP computer system to place, check and process orders.
● Assembled computer drives.
2009 – 2010
C and D Technologies
Machine Operator
● Filling of hopper, adding paste to grid plates for battery assembly.
● Inspection of oven settings and inventory.
2007 – 2008
Mechanical Industries
Preventive Maintenance
● Duties included lubing & changing oil in machines, checking belts and hoses, updating forklifts and safety equipment’s to date.
2006 - 2007
Institech
Building Maintenance
● Painted, maintained building and grounds, performed office housekeeping and general daily maintenance of the facility.
2005 - 2006
ADECCO
Machine Operator
● Operated precision drills, spindle drills, and gun drills that bored holes in copper tubing.
● Operated lathes for copper material for transformers. 2004-2005
Manpower
Die Cut Machine Operator
● Overlaid laminated and adhesives on paper for cell phones and other small items. EDUCATION
ITT Technical Institute Greenfield, WI
Coursework in Electronic Engineering
Milwaukee Area Technical College
General Studies

Contact this candidate
