
Garrett McCoy

Address-**** West St Forest Park, GA. 30297
Mobile-404-***-****
ac9bkn@r.postjobfree.com

Aviation Logistics Production Expert

Shipping and Receiving
Sit Down Propane Forklift Certified < 16yrs
49CFR Ground Shipper Hazardous Certified through DGI
IATA AIR Air Hazardous Certified through DGI
SAP EWM AND ECC procurement software- <4 years
Windows 10
Microsoft Office 2013-Word, Excel, Powerpoint

Aviation HAZMAT Rotables Warehouse Clerk 2

Aviall Inc A Boeing Company - College Park, GA

August 2007 to February 2019

Worlds Largest Aircraft Parts Distributor
Aviall-A Boeing Company
College Park, GA
Rotables Warehouse Clerk 2 job description-Receive, inspect, stock, pick, pack and ship hazardous
and non hazardous aircraft parts. I use Windows 10, Word, Powerpoint, Bartender Labeling
Software and SAP (ECC and EWM) to complete my daily tasks. I am a certified sit down forklift
operator of over 16 years with no accidents. I am Hazardous Certified to ship Air and Ground.

Insurance Claims Adjuster/Lot Attendant

Verastar - Rex, GA

February 2007 to August 2007

Repaired and staged auctionable cars on auction days. Used company
vehicle and laptop (Windows XP) to travel lot and adjust insurance
claims on all types (cars, motor homes, commercial vehicles,
boats, motorcycles, etc) of salvaged vehicles.
Photographed and labeled new inventory.
Shuttled and assisted visiting owners of all salvaged vehicles.
Drove auctioneers around lot in live auction bus on auction days.
Maintained a clean office and lot grounds.

Service Technician

Heritage Cadillac/Saab - Morrow, GA

June 2006 to September 2006

Complete Saab PDI's. Provided working overflow
support for busy line GM techs. Completed all current GM
certification requirements.

Service Technician

Team Toyota - Lithia Springs, GA

April 2005 to June 2006

Job Description-Inspect,
diagnose, service and repair pre owned
and presently owned, Toyota, Lexus and Scion vehicles.
My experience was inclusive of certified pre owned
inspections, major services, 4 wheel alignments, 4,6,and 8 cyl.
timing belt services, completing all TSBs and Campaign
Publications on all vehicles, adding accessories to new and
presently owned vehicles, sludge jobs, and interior trim work.
All current certification requirements for Toyota completed up to
June 2006.

Plant Technician
S and S Greenhouses - Atlanta, GA

June 2003 to April 2005

Job Description-installing and servicing all sorts
of interior and exterior plants, flowers, trees and landscapes in office buildings and hotels.

Fire Safety Consultant

AKE Fire Safety Company - Atlanta, GA

February 2003 to May 2003

Job-description-consulted residential on site clients about fire safety through surveys, presentations, as
well as directly selling them any fire safety equipment they
required.

Service Technician

Nalley Lexus - Marietta, GA

May 1999 to October 2002

Job Description-Diagnosing, servicing and repairing new,
pre owned, and presently owned vehicles. My experience here was
inclusive of new and used car inspections, major services, quick
services, adding accessories, wind noise diagnosis, completing
TSBs and Campaign Publications.

Service Technician

Southtowne Dodge, Hyundai, Suzuki - Stone Mountain, GA

October 1998 to May 1999

Dodge - Atlanta, GA

Job Description- Diagnose and repair presently owned Dodge,
Hyundai and Suzuki vehicles.

Domestic Engine Machinist

Southeast Engines & Parts

June 1994 to October 1998

Job Description-Reman./assemble cast iron and aluminum
cylinder heads and their corresponding parts. 4 years of forklift
experience (non certified).

Education

Southside High School (Now Maynard Jackson High School)

October 1992 to June 1994
High school diploma with 3 years of automotive technology training achieving a technical
seal with my diploma.

Additional Skills

BARTENDER LABELING SOFTWARE

INTEGRATED INFARED LABEL SCANNER PROFICIENT

CERTIFIED FORKLIFT OPERATOR
HAZMAT CERTIFIED AIR AND GROUND SHIPPER
ABILITY TO OBTAIN AND MAINTAIN AUTOMOTIVE ASE AND MANUFACTURER CERTIFICATION

Contact this candidate
