
Stephen Ferrecchia
Berlin, MA ***** Phone: 978-***-**** Email: ac9b7y@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/stephen-ferrecchia
Senior CNC Machinist Programming Specialist
Quick-thinking, diligent CNC Machinist Programmer with 20+ years’ experience positioning organizations for success through top-notch assembly line performance and adherence to best practices. Recognized among cross-functional teams of designers and engineers for functioning under pressure in fast-paced, competitive settings. Highly capable of remaining current on latest industry criteria and comprehending the latest criteria to achieve quality service turnaround. Profound knowledge in customer blueprints/math/CNC machinery.
Areas of Expertise
• CNC Programming • Machine Technology • Continuous Improvement
• Safety Protocol • Scheduling/Organization • Lean Manufacturing
• Equipment Handling • Reporting/Negotiation • Strategic Communication
• Relationship Building • People Management • Calibration Procedures
• Project Management • Process Improvements • Deadline Management
Professional Experience
Bose Corporation – Framingham, MA 2005 – Present
CNC Prototype Machinist
Adhered closely to engineers and product designers’ technical specifications and machining best practices while working to assemble Bose products (e.g. noise cancelling headsets, Bluetooth speakers, etc.). Proved highly efficient working under pressure of deadline in fast-paced, competitive environments to meet and exceed demand. Heavily utilized CNC machining/ Mastercam 2019 across Haas VF2, VM2, and VM3 3 axis machining centers.
Key Accomplishments:
Planned, scheduled, and monitored movement of material through the entire production cycle.
Administered large-scale, complex procedural updates to reduce errors double fold.
Engaged in lean manufacturing and continuous improvement protocols to streamline workflow

Saliga Machine – Hudson, MA 1995 – 2005
CNC Machinist/Programmer
Quickly assessed and comprehended wok requirements to assemble products from conception to completion. Applied strategic insight of Mazak conversational programming to avoid downtime and meet regulatory requirements time and again. As requested, facilitated large-scale projects for companies without machine capabilities.
Key Accomplishments:
Remained highly adaptable/flexible with assembly line upgrades to achieve ROI goals and on-time deliverables.
Embodied the company culture/ laid down the company’s foundation and best practice criteria for future Machinists.
Applied strong comprehension of machinery system processes and the big picture to reduce errors in workflow.
Performed proper set-up and calibration procedures for high-end equipment and accessories to be used on projects.
Additional Experience
Machinist: Husky Injection Mold — Auburn, MA

Education
High School Diploma; Machine Shop Program Graduate: Assabet Valley Regional Vocational High School Marlborough, MA

Technical Skills
GD&T; Mastercam; JobBoss; Airtable Tracking Software; 5S Training

Contact this candidate
