
BERNARD N OKONGO.
*** ********* ** # *
Manchester, NH 03103.
Cell 603-***-****
Email: ac9cbs@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS:

Ability to work from established programs to perform standard metal cutting operations
by determining appropriate speeds and feeds based on equipment used.
Able to follow set-up instructions to attach holding fixtures, and insert specified tools in
tool magazine according to sequence, depth and size requirements.
Able to troubleshoot simple programs and makes necessary edits to achieve
specifications by adjusting machines to achieve specified measurements and continuous
operation as well as monitor for tool breakage and wear.
Ability to verify first piece dimensions using precision measuring instruments.
Experienced in machining composite materials and operating 5-axis CNC milling
machines including but not limited to Hass, Robodrill, Matsura, Trumpf, Armada,etc.
Able to run Manual Lathes and Bridgeport. Sheet metal CNC,thermoform, sanding,and powdercoat experience.
Proficient in basic computer systems including Microsoft Word, Excel, and Outlook.
Skilled in operating various light to heavy Production and Industrial machinery.
Ability to undertake general Warehouse duties including shipping and receiving,
pick and pack, and inventory audits. Able to operate manual and motorized
warehouse trucks like fork trucks, order-pickers, high-reach trucks, and manual
pallet-jack stock movers.
Studied Training of Trainers in college and is a proven trainer for new employees.

WORK EXPERIENCE.

MACHINE OPERATOR: Sabic Polymershapes, Manchster, NH: 12/2018-03/2019 (via Manpower Staffing). Set up and ran CNC Router Machine as well as Saw-Cut machine in a machine shop specializing in various plastic materials.
CNC MACHINE OPERATOR: Fireye Corporation, Derry NH. 05/2017-09/2018 (via
Complete Labor and Staffing). Set-up and operated Haas CNC vertical and horizontal
milling machines as well as manual Bridgeport machines in a manufacturing floor
making equipment for the Defense Industry.
CABLE MACHINE OPERATOR: Hitachi Cable Corporation, (via Randstad Staffing)
12/2016-03/2017. Operated various cable machines including the colorizer, armor and
strander in a manufacturing production operation of fiber-optic telecommunications
cables. Utilized Optical Time-Delay Reflectormeter (OTDR) equipment to ensure quality
production as per manufacturing specifications.
CNC MACHINIST: Steralon Inc, (Via Micro Tech Staffing) Manchester NH. 05/2016-
11/2016. Set up and ran CNC machines for a Medical Devices Manufacturing
company. Did first and last piece inspection as per QC requirements.
CNC MACHINIST: Symmetry Medical (now Tecomet), Manchester NH. 08/2007-
03/2016. Read blueprints for part specifications such as dimensions, tooling
instructions, fixtures, cutting speeds and determination of sequential operations.
Attached fixtures to machine bed using clamps, bolts, angle plates, shims and
parallel blocks to verified position while utilizing measuring instruments such as dial
indicators, height gauges, etc. Verified conformance of finished work pieces using
veneers, micrometers, CMM machines to ensure every part conformed to the
blueprint and met QC standards.
Trained to sign the first and last piece inspection for other operators on the Job
Traveler.
Operated CNC machines that worked on plastics, aluminum and stainless steel
materials and in the process operated secondary machines such as Bridgeport, Drill
Press, vertical band-saw, horizontal band-saw, disk sander, and hand tools such as
sanders, drills & grinders, and sheet metal tools such as shear, and break-punch in
the metal department.
MACHINE- FILLER OPERATOR: Stonyfield Farm (via Corworx staffing agency),
Londonderry, NH. 03/2007-07/2007. Ran yogurt machine filler as per production
schedule. Performed CIP procedures on machinery when changing yogurt brands.
Performed various QC tests every 15 minutes on yogurt to meet strict required food
quality control tests.
Pack and store yogurt products in the cold room using fork-lift and other mobile
industrial machinery.
WAREHOUSE SHIPPING- RECEIVING ASSOCIATE: Framatome Connectors (FCI)
Inc, Londonderry, NH. 06/1999-10/2006. Undertook order selection, pick and pack
operations and Radio Frequency scanning to consistently meet order deadlines. Did
container unloading and put away to ensure inventory accuracy and order
availability and loading of freight according to Bills Of Lading (BOL) to meet on time
shipments. Utilized various warehouse machinery like lift truck, fork truck and jack
pallets etc as needed in a multimillion dollar inventory distribution center.
Operated label making machines for labeling and kitting products. Conducted cycle
counts on different products with different part numbers. Participated in regular
inventory stock audits. Trained new Associates in various warehouse duties and
responsibilities. Liaised with major cargo carriers like UPS, Fed-Ex,Land-Air, DHL and
to facilitate timely delivery and receiving shipments.
PRODUCTION TECHNICIAN: Insulectro, Londonderry, NH. 01/1999-06/1999.
Planned, lay-out and fabricated parts for printed circuit boards.
Performed complete operations to fabricate, assemble and install production and/ or
first article units such as control consoles and interconnect harnesses.
Operated equipment and machinery in an electro-mechanical assembly line and
retrieved parts from the Storeroom to rebuild sub-assemblies.
MACHINE OPERATOR: CC1, Manchester, NH. 07/1998-01/1999.
Prepared machine for production by positioning and securing dies, stops, guides,
and turntables. Determined sequence of operations by studying blueprints,
specifications, and work orders. Produced parts by locating and marking reference
points on work-piece with dials, template and dies for positioning or aligning work
pieces.
Maintained specifications by observing operations, detecting malfunctions,
Inspecting parts using verniers and micrometers.
Documented actions by completing production and quality logs.
Maintained stock inventory by checking stock to determine amount available,
anticipating needed stock, placing and expediting orders for stock and general
shipping/receiving duties.
BLOW-MOLD MACHINE OPERATOR: Amcor Corporation, Merrimack, NH. 02/1997-
04/1998. Operated Blow/Injection molding machines in a PET plastic bottles plant.
Performed trimming operations of plastic products.
Prepared first piece inspection of all new pieces.
Did quality control using color spectrometer,micrometers, etc to ensure QC
standards were upheld. Maintained compliance with Amcor Plastics Quality
Management System procedures.
WAREHOUSE SHIPPING-RECEIVING ASSOCIATE: Wal-Mart Corporation,
Raymond, NH. 06/1996-02/1997. Performed warehouse duties including loading
and unloading trucks in a Wal-Mart Distribution Center. Did break-pack and ensured
that products were handled safely. Operated Fork truck and jack-pallets to move
merchandise whenever possible. Utilized RF scanner to ensure correct products
went to assigned trucks and hence retail centers.
HIGH SCHOOL TEACHER: Kisii High School, Kisii, Kenya. 03/1993- 05/1995.
Taught History and Linguistics at Kisii High School.
Deputized for the Head of History Department in implementing curriculum
requirements for teaching as laid down by the Ministry of Education.
Coached and Directed the Kisii High School Debating and Drama Clubs.
EDUCATION:
Master of Science, Community Economic Development, Southern New Hampshire
University, Manchester, NH. 1997.
Bachelor of Arts, Moi University, Eldoret, Kenya. 1992. Major : Linguistics, Minor:
Philosophy.

Contact this candidate
