
OBJECTIVE: CNC PROGRAMMER/ADVANCED ENGINEERING

PROFESSIONAL PROFILE

Over 10 years experience in CNC multi axis manufacturing of complex parts
Certified Tool and Die Maker
Certified Red Seal General Machinist
MasterCAM 2019 mill-lathe expert knowledge
Esprit multi axis mill-turn excellent knowledge
Vericut working knowledge
CATIA V5 sound knowledge
Excellent understanding of manufacturing principles, methods & planning, tool fixture design, CNC/CMM programming, multi-axis turn/mill and mill machining.
Working knowledge of engineering materials including exotics such as Inconel, Super Duplex, Titanium, Invar, Kovar, Monel, Ferrillium, Vespel, Peek and able to optimize the cutting performance and processing of such materials
Good knowledge injection plastic tooling, automotive dies/ hydroforming
CNC programming CAD/CAM and manual G codes in depth knowledge
Strong proficiency with CAD (solid modeling) and CAM software
Post-processors development for all types of machine, starting with the 2 axis lathes and 3 axis mills to 5 axis mills and dual spindle multi-turret mill-turn machines.
Strong Fanuc, Siemens, Heidenhein, Mazak Integrex controls knowledge
Hands-on experience with CNC machines
Laser cutting/welding expert knowledge
Extensive blue print reading, GD&T and CMM knowledge
In depth knowledge of military and aircraft quality assurance standards
Strong focus on process improvement

WORK EXPERIENCE

ALLIEDONE INDUSTRIAL INC
MISSISSAUGA, ONT 2018 -PRESENT
CNC PROGRAMMER

Generate CAM programs for CNC mill-lathe machines using MasterCAM software for complex high precision assemblies aircraft landing gears,
pneumatic and hydraulic actuators and manifolds.

Create required documents to aid in setting up machines (tool list, setup sheets).
Optimize CNC programs on 4 and 5 axis machining centers in a cost-effective manner but within quality part requirements.
Provide assistance and work with machinists to ensure fully comprehensible programs.
Work with methods engineering, production and quality to ensure the requirements are met of the manufactured products.
Select cutting tools and prove them out.
Review scheduled existing machining processes for improvement opportunities.
Store generated data, reports and documents according to defined company structure
Prepare and issue required stage drawings for the Job
Define times, material sizes and cuts, help define tech details, feed and speed rates
Prepare, review and issue CAD/ CAM and CNC programs required for theJob
Ensure the CAM file is as standard as possible, write following standard methodology
Recover any changes on CAM done at the CNC machine following job completion
Ensure the Job final information and programs are retrieved from the Shop Floor, reviewed and filed

DISHON LTD
VAUGHN, ONT 2014 - 2018
CNC PROGRAMMER

Develop applications/programs for aircraft/aerospace, subsea oil/gas, nuclear power generation components including parts completed in one setup "done in one"
Determine suitable and cost-effective machining processes based on part specifications.
Write and optimize CNC programs to create complex parts on multi-axis dual spindle turn/mill machines
Develop and prove-out required tools, fixtures and select cutting tools.
Create and compile necessary documents to aid in setting up machines.
Review existing machining processes for improvement opportunities.
Work with engineering, production, quality, purchasing and scheduling departments to ensure a smooth flow of quality products flow through the facility.
Work with machinists to ensure CNC programs are fully comprehensible and that issues do not arise.
Provide assistance with problem solving when issues arise in reference to product manufacturing.

NORWEST PRECISION LTD
TORONTO, ONT 2010 - 2014
CNC PROGRAMMER

Review and analyze customer supplied manufacturing 2D or 3D data
Initiating contact with customer in order to resolve any technical issues
Establishing the manufacturing process plan
Creating CAD data needed for CNC programming process
Develop efficient N/C programs for 3, 4 and 5 axis milling machines
Develop fixture requirements for machined components
Analyze tooling requirements including special tooling design and create tool lists
Produce shop floor documents including setup procedures for each program
Maintain and update N/C programs and appropriate documentation
Troubleshoot and edit existing programs when problems arise

PHILLIPS ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGIES
CONCORD, ONT 2005- 2010
APPLICATIONS ENGINEER

Design and develop machining process for complex parts
Fixture design/commissioning for the process
Cutting tools selection and design of special tools
CNC part programming ( milling and turning )
First-off part production and inspection
Machine and the process machinist/operator training

Turn key projects worked on for customers:
Schaeffler Group (INA, FAG, LUK), General Dynamics, US Air Force, Alstom Power

MAGNA INTERNATIONAL- PROMATEK RESEARCH CENTRE BRAMPTON, ONT 2003 – 2005

LASER CAD/CAM PROGRAMMER

Programmed 5axis laser cutting and welding paths using Catia/Cenit CAM package or laser machine online teach tool.
Designed fixtures, jigs and tooling for laser process using Catia V5 CAD software.
Programmed CNC equipment to machine all fixtures, jigs and tool components.
Laser fixture set-up, first-off, inspection of cut part.
Trained and supervised operators in the operation of the laser cutter/welder.
Worked with GD&T data to verify the tolerances of the machined and/or laser cut components.

MAGNA INTERNATIONAL- MASSIV AUTOMATED SYSTEMS BRAMPTON, ONT 1998 – 2003

CNC PROGRAMMER

CAD development of 3D complex surfaces for automotive car closures hemming tooling and automated hemming stations.
2D and 3D CNC programming of all line components including large, medium size casts for hemmer understeel and hemming beams made up from D2 steels for
Daimler Chrysler PG44 hood, liftgate and doors.
Created setup and tooling sheets.
Assisted CNC machinist in setup, first-off and problem solving.

MAGNA INTERNATIONAL- MASSIV DIE-FORM BRAMPTON, ONT 1989 – 1998

CAD / CAM PROGRAMMER

Used CAD to make customer driven die design changes and modification including tool processing of the operational sequence to form and pierce.
Developed 3D draw surface, part trim lines, flange lines and blank prototypes.
Manipulated digitized scan data to create 3D solid part model including class “A” &”B” surfacing.
Programmed 3axis and 5axis high-speed machining centers to make medium and large die components for the auto industry.

DIE MASTER TOOL INC. MISSISSAUGA, ONT 1986 - 1989

CNC PROGRAMMER /SETUP

CAD/CAM programmed aircraft and defense parts.
Planned processes from start-to-finish to produce parts like: propeller shafts for the “T-53” engine used in Huey Helicopters, valves for the “MK-46” torpedo
and pressure shafts for “AGT-1500” gas turbine engine used in “M1” tank.
Programmed injection plastic mold to make aircraft propeller for Canada Air unmanned surveillance device.
CAD designed fixtures, jigs and other special tools.
Machine and tools setup including length and radius offsets adjustments, first-off.
Programmed and operated state-of-the-art 3D Leitz co-ordinate measuring machine used to check military and aircraft parts requiring MIL-I-45208A,
MIL-Q-9858A, AQAP-4, CSA Z.299.3 quality assurance standards.

EDUCATION

2006 Tool and Die Maker Certificate (Ontario and Inter-Provincial)

2006 General Machinist Red Seal Certificate (Ontario and Inter-Provincial)

2004 CATIA V5 Certified Professional: Part Design, Surface Design - Expert

1996 Tebis V3.25 Numerical Control Mill
Tebis America Incorporated, Troy, Michigan

1994 CATIA V4 Solids Design, Advanced Surface, Drafting, NC Lathe and Mill
DBM Systems Incorporated, Toronto, Ontario

1985 Humber College of Applied Arts and Technology, Toronto, Ontario
Numerical Control Machine Programmer
NC2, NC3A, NC3B Part-time courses.

1981 Mechanical Engineering College, Poland
Mechanical Engineering Technologist

REFERENCES

Available upon request.

Contact this candidate
