
Career Highlights
Over Seven years’ Qatar experience in Drafting of Mechanical Services for High Rise and Large Scale Commercial and Residential Developments in Middle East i.e. HVAC, Fire Fighting, Drainage & Water supply for commercial and residential developments.2D & 3D drafting of Mechanical Services and MEP co-ordinate the drawings. Revit MEP to coordinate BIM model.

Detailed Experience-
Kaaf Engineers & Contractors
October 2018 Till To Date
Location: - Pakistan
Position: - Senior Draftsman
Preparing Shop drawing for HVAC, Fire Fighting, Drainage & Water supply for commercial and residential developments. Mechanical Services and MEP co-ordinate the drawings.

SHAN ASSOCIATES
April 2017 to September 2018
Location: - Pakistan
Position: - Senior MEP Draftsman
Preparing Shop drawing, As-built drawing for HVAC, Fire Fighting, Drainage & Water supply for commercial and residential developments., Fit out job drawing, 2D & 3D drafting of Mechanical Services and MEP co-ordinate the drawings.

M/S Gulf LIFA CO.
Duration: - April 2016 to February 2017
Location: - Qatar
Position: - MEP Draftsman
Preparing Shop drawing, As-built drawing for HVAC, Fire Fighting, Drainage, Water supply, Lightening, Power and Fire Alarm for commercial and residential developments. 2D & 3D drafting of MEP Services and MEP co-ordinate the drawings. Revit MEP to coordinate BIM model.

M/S A+ ENGINEERING MEP CONSULTANTS
Duration: - Oct 2013 to Mar 2016
Location: - Pakistan
Position: - Senior Draftsman
Responsibilities:-
Schematic/Isometric Design
Single line layout plants
Double line piping, ducting.
Slab openings, Equipment placement, Layout of ducts, pipes and other utilities.
Plant room Designing.
Shop Drawings.
Fire Protection designing.
Water supply, Drainage Pipe sizing.
Drainage Layouts, sump pits, etc.

Preparing Design of HVAC, Fire Suppression system, Drainage and Water supply for commercial and residential developments.

M/S TRAGS ENGINEERING
Duration: - Jun 2007 to Sep 2013
Location: - Qatar
Position: - Mechanical Draughtsman

Projects.
Education City - BP#16-QFIS Qatar Faculty of Islamic Studies. (Qatar Foundation)
Katara car park & energy center 6 floor +1basement
Civil defence head quarter
Hamad Medical City Package CP201 Parking Garage & Energy Plant
CBQ(24th floor building with 3 basement)
W hotel (30th floor building with 2 basement)

Preparing Shop drawing, As-built drawing for HVAC, Fire Fighting, Drainage & Water supply for commercial and residential developments., Fit out job drawing, 2D & 3D drafting of Mechanical Services and MEP co-ordinate the drawings.
M/S.JOHNSON PHILLIPS (PAKISTAN LIMITED)
Duration: - Nov 2005 to Jun 2007
Location: - Pakistan.
Position: - AutoCAD Draughtsman
Preparing Shop drawing, Fabrication of electrical panel & transformer drawings.

M/s. ABS ENGINEERING CORPORATION (PVT) LTD.
Duration: - Feb 2005 to Oct 2005
Location: - Pakistan.
Position: - CAD Draughtsman
Project – Attock Cement Pakistan Limited
All Sheet Metal Fabrication Drawings in Project. Cutting Planes and Erection Drawings, Development Drawings of different type of cones, pipes Shells & Different Profile.

M/s. PAKISTAN MACHINE TOOL FACTORY
Duration: - April 2002 to Feb 2005
Location: - Pakistan.
Position: - Mechanical Draughtsman

Devised Engineering drawings for the routine jobs. Prepare maintenance part drawings. Prepare different machine assembly & detail drawings.
Duties and Responsibilities-

Preparing shop drawing with details and elevation, pipe sizing and routing of pipes of Drainage Plumbing, Fire Fighting, and co-ordinate the drawings with all discipline before finalizing and submitting to the consultant.
Responsibilities Included Independently Preparing Shop Drawings on AutoCAD, Co-coordinating on Microstation Bentley 3D, Revit MEP to coordinate BIM model. with site Architectural, Structural and MEP Engineers & site supervisor
Behavioral Competencies-
Able to work well with other people and communicate clearly.
Accuracy & precision of work
Ability to work to deadlines and under pressure
Accountability for assigned work
Educational Qualification –
Passed (TSC) From Sindh Board of Technical Education. (In Machinist Trade)
3 Years Diploma of Associate Engineering in Mechanical from Pakistani Swedish Institute of Technology Landhi Karachi.

Computer skill -
Well familiar with Ms Office, Revit MEP 2014,Auto CAD 2010,2011,2013 & 2014(2D & 3D),Mechanical Desktop (2D & 3D), Solid Edge Version 14( 3D), Microstation Bentley 3D.

Personal Information -
Name : Muhammad Kamran
Father’s Name : Muhammad Munir
Marital Status : Married
Religion : Muslim
Date of Birth : 26th February 1980
Nationality : Pakistani
Permanent address : C-176 Gulshan-e-Rafi Malir Karachi.
Contact details : 0092-333-***-**** (Pakistan)
Skype account : kami-mughal

Declaration –
I hereby declare that all the information above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Muhammad Kamran

Contact this candidate
