
Paul D. Fox
Facilities Coordinator - Environmental / Safety Industry Professional
Santee, CA. 92071
ac9hio@r.postjobfree.com - 619-***-****

Over five years providing Facilities Projects Coordination, Computer Aided Facilities Database management including Webpage and Blog sphere creation and administration, Desktop and IT support, Conference Room set up and scheduling, VCT and telecommunication configuration, and general office daily operations. In excess of seventeen years in hazardous (chemical, biological and radioactive) material and waste safety, handling, storage, detection, transfer, disposal, shipping, and emergency procedures. Over three years of involvement in the telecommunications field including radio systems and wireless data service. More than five years’ experience in the industrial, commercial, and residential electrical construction trade consisting of logistical management, labor support, and safety supervision. I have greater than eight years in the operation and maintenance of nuclear power engineering facilities and marine propulsion systems. Experience in water and radiochemistry controls for both nuclear and conventional steam generation plants for greater than eight years.

WORK EXPERIENCE -

Enterprise Land Mobile Radio Zone Telecommunication Technician

USMC MCIW G-6 / Synectic Solutions, Inc. - Oceanside, CA
September 2016 to November 2018

Supported all aspects of encrypted enterprise radio (Motorola) and microwave (Aviat) communication systems for the warfighter and first responders of the U. S. Marine Corps. This included logistics, inventory control, new installations, upgrades to equipment and infrastructure, and facilities maintenance.

Collaborated with civilian government employees, utility workers, HVAC and general construction personnel, law enforcement and firefighters, active duty military members from all branches, and fellow federal contractors (Harris, Motorola, Aviat, SPAWAR, Lockheed Martin, General Dynamics).
Steward for the hand-held radio temporary loan program. Consisting of an inventory of eight hundred radios, batteries and chargers, transport and storage cases. I tested, charged, prepared and received requests anywhere from a single unit to hundreds of walkie-talkie type devices for issue to on base units or outside entities. Tracked all units by type, model, serial number and authorized radio channels with an Excel based datasheet.
Coordinated logistics for numerous installation projects. Outfitting requested bills of material either from existing stock or providing quotes for new material for purchase by the Zone Manager. Collected all needed tools, parts and consumables from several storage locations or from the MCIW G-6 supply yard. Delivered all items to remote sites across the Southwest region by pick-up or rental box truck. Returned excess stock and machinery to designated areas in ready for issue status.
Consolidated and processed an array of material and equipment from seven stowage hubs across Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton. Segregated and handled surplus elements for DRMO, scrap, recycling, sale back to Motorola and disposal.
Commenced inventory of multi million dollars of MCIW G-6 Radio System assets from the ground up. Transferred data from many Excel spreadsheets to one central database. Migrated this to a new IN-Flow tracking software system and uploaded to an intranet share drive. Instituted remote barcoding and real-time manifesting of all supplies and spares.

Facilities Coordinator

SPAWAR SSC PAC Facilities / T3W Business Solutions Inc. - San Diego, CA April 2014 to May 2016

Managed many facets of the maintenance, repair and sustainment projects in support of warfighters, engineers and researchers at the direction of the U.S. Navy SPAWAR SSC PAC Facilities Department. Incorporating database administration, training personnel at all levels on a new software system, desktop support for departmental members and technological advice in a multitude of activities.

As a member of the SSC PAC Facilities Work Order Process Team, utilized the Lean Six Sigma process in an effort to improve efficiency of the work process.
•Developed the SSC PAC FSE Operations Division Process Workflow as the Subject Matter Expert (SME), covering the development of a project from cradle to grave. Managed all Maintenance/Repair/Sustainment projects from inception to completion.
•Project Coordinator of the SSC PAC Facilities ICAP (Infrastructure Condition Assessment Program) and ARCHIBUS (Computer Aided Facilities Management System) Data Collection project team, supervised eight survey team contractors. Supplied technical assistance in conjunction with Project Team Computer Scientist and Database Developer for any ARCHIBUS Attribute and/or ICAP Asset questions during the development of the ARCHIBUS Database.
Coordinated Wiki confluence database JIRA implementation and migration for SSC PAC Facilities Operations 83540 “Trouble Calls” and 83500 Maintenance Execution Plan (MEP) “Projects”. Finalized all the guidelines and procedures prior to releasing the Facilities JIRA project to the entire SSC PAC Command.
•Revised and updated the 83500 SSC PAC FSE JIRA Confluence “Projects” database with required content from the SSC PAC FSE Operations and Planning/Engineering Branch Heads and all Facilities Managers. Provided technical guidance for the SSC PAC FSE Operations Branch Head and all Facilities Managers in the setup of their JIRA Project Tracking “Dashboard” and searchable “Filters”.
•Trained the new SSC PAC Environmental Support 83520 Blog and Webpage Custodian in all aspects of content updates, hyperlinks, e-mail links and proper means of publishing to the SPAWAR SSC PAC Domain.

Field Operations Supervisor
Veolia Environmental Solutions LLC – San Diego, CA February 2007 to April 2014
Provided on site services for the Novartis Genomics Institute for six years. Assisted the E, H&S department in management of all site safety programs including Radiation, Fire, Biological and Chemical Hygiene/Laboratory Safety.
Led a team of three consolidating, processing and packaging chemical (bulk and lab pack), biological (medical and pathological) and radiological waste and material for on-site storage and off-site disposal.
Completed and evaluated monthly radioactive use area contamination / radiation surveys and managed the incoming radioisotope package processing program updating records and inventory database for regulatory reporting.
Conducted and reviewed all daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly, annual and periodic inspections and audits including fire extinguishers, fire marshal, safety shower/eyewash, AED, SCBA, SPCC, 90-day and remote waste accumulation areas.

Hazardous Waste/Materials Technician
University of California at San Diego / E, H&S – San Diego, CA November 2001 to June 2006
I was a member of the Environmental Management Facility. Collected Chemical, Radioactive and Biological waste and material from the campus, medical school, and Hillcrest medical center for processing, storage, monitoring, and preparation for shipment.
Served on the Emergency Spill Response Team as initial response entrant and participated in many campus wide drills and real time hazardous events.
Maintained chemical inventory and database at the EMF to ensure SDSs and waste labels complied with RCRA, CFR, EPA, DEH, CUPA, DOT, OSHA, Fire Code and university regulations and requirements.
Coordinated radiation and atmospheric survey instrument calibration and certifications keeping the associated records and databases current.

EDUCATION -

March 2007;

Veolia E.S. hazardous material and waste training encompassing toxicology, fire safety, PPE, respiratory protection, confined space, air contaminant monitoring, cylinder and pressure vessel safety, spill site control/work zones/decontamination, flammable liquid handling/bonding/grounding, health and safety programs, risk assessment, chemical segregation, reactive chemicals, EPA waste numbers, RQ, LDR, WIP, classification, manifests, marking and labeling, placarding, POP and loading/unloading waste materials.

October 2002;

Department of Transportation (DOT) training covering all requirements set forth in CFR Title 49 including all aspects of Hazardous Materials Regulations (HMR). Blood Born Pathogen Standard, Exposure Control and Medical Waste Management.

December 2001;

40 Hour HAZWOPER Training meeting all requirements of OSHA (1910.120) and State of California Regulation 5192 Title 8 issued by SD/REBRAC.

June 1996;

College of Marin, Kentfield, CA. - completed two semesters of general education requirements in the pursuit of a B.S. degree in chemistry.

August 1991;

Radiological Controls Monitor School, Charleston, SC. – Certified as a Radiological Controls Monitor and shipping radioactive materials, graduated at the top of the class.

March 1989;

32nd St. Naval Station & Point Loma Submarine Base Training Facilities, San Diego, CA. – finished courses in repair parts acquisition, preventive maintenance procedures, quality assurance techniques, and damage control measures.

June 1988;

Nuclear Power Training Unit, Idaho Falls, ID. – Certified as an Engineering Laboratory Technician, first to attain certification within the training unit.

February 1988;

Nuclear Power Training Unit, Idaho Falls, ID. – Qualified as a Mechanical Operator for Naval Nuclear Propulsion Plants, earliest person to meet all requirements.

May 1987;

Naval Nuclear Power School, Orlando, FL. – completed comprehensive program covering all theoretical aspects of Naval Nuclear Power principles.

August 1986 ;

Machinist Mate “A” School, Great Lakes, IL. – Classes dealing with conventional power generation and Naval propulsion operation, graduated first in the class.

TECHNICAL SUMMARY -

Microsoft Windows 7/10, Microsoft Office Suite 365 (Outlook, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Access), Adobe Acrobat, Remedy trouble ticket, Archibus Facilities (CAFM), JIRA/WIKI Confluence (CAFM), InFlow Inventory Management.

CERTIFICATIONS -

OSHA 40 Hour HAZWOPER
November 2000 to Present

AWARDS -

Two U. S. Navy Good Conduct Awards, Three U. S. Navy Submarine Pacific Fleet Letters of Commendation, U. S. Navy Submarine Group Letter of Commendation, Two U. S. Navy Submarine Squadron Letters of Commendation.
Metricom Inc. Letter of Appreciation, Four UCSD E, H & S Spot Awards (Three for customer service).

Contact this candidate
