
JOHN A KISS
*** * **** ****** *****
DAVENPORT, IA 52806
563-***-**** (Cell)
ac9h1u@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Experience

Sewer Equipment Operator
Sept. 2015 to Apr. 2019
City of Davenport, Davenport, IA
Repairs, replaces and opens sewer lines that have broken, collapsed, decayed or stopped up. May work on any size sewer line, up to 20 feet in depth, in any location, under adverse conditions. Installs sand boxes; operates end loader, concrete saw pumps, and compressors; works in quicksand construction such as sheet piling.
Operates vans or trucks to and from jobs or transporting material debris and supplies; operates various power tools and types of equipment incidental to work assignments; may operate snow removal or other specialized equipment in emergency situations.
Responsible in reporting to superintendent any employee on his daily work assignment who fails to perform to the best of his ability.
Responsible for the vehicles, tools, or equipment to perform daily duties.
Operates specialized sewer cleaning equipment: flushes lines with water jet, monitors gauges and position of nozzle, diagnoses nature of blockage, rods pipes to clear blockages, vacuums debris from clogged pipes.
Operates cement mixer, skid loader and front-end loader. Assumes responsibility for vehicles, tools and equipment used to perform duties. Performs maintenance checks and minor service on assigned vehicles and keeps record of miles driven, fuel used, material used and duties accomplished.
Participates in general labor work as assigned. May act as lead worker, reporting to superintendent any problems with personnel or equipment.
Responds to emergency calls, flood control, storm cleanup or related emergencies, involving week-end and holiday stand-by.
Interacts with residents and business representatives in the course of sewer repair and maintenance work. Investigates sewer issues, collects information and writes reports summarizing the problem.
Required to take weekend, off-shift and holiday stand-by.

Concrete Delivery Driver
July 2013 to Sept. 2015
Builder Sand and Cement, Davenport, IA
Check vehicles to ensure that mechanical, safety, and emergency equipment is in good working order.
Follow appropriate safety procedures for transporting dangerous goods.
Inspect loads to ensure that cargo is correct slump
Maintain logs of working hours or of vehicle service or repair status, following applicable state and federal regulations.
Maneuver trucks into loading or unloading positions, following signals from loading crew and checking that vehicle and loading equipment are properly positioned.
Report vehicle defects, accidents, traffic violations, or damage to the vehicles.
Obtain receipts or signatures for delivered goods and collect payment for services when required.
Drive trucks with capacities greater than 3 tons, including tractor-trailer combinations, to transport and deliver products.
Check all load-related documentation for completeness and accuracy.

Delivery Driver/Warehouse
Feb. 2013 to May 2013
Greenwood Cleaning Systems, Davenport, IA
Inspected and ensured vehicle supplies and equipment are in safe working order, including gas, oil, water, tires, lights and brakes.
Reported problems or accidents to management.
Loaded and unloaded vehicles.
Verified loads against shipping papers.
Obtained signed receipts for delivered materials.

Continued on page 2.

Continued from page 1.

Maintained vehicle logs, cargo records and billing statements.
Provided good customer service.
Pulled and staged materials to be picked up.
Followed all safety policies and procedures.
Inspected vehicles.
Commercial driver's license Class B.
Valid driver's license.
Knowledge sets include: Cargo Handling, Computerized inventory tracking software, Delivery trucks, Forklifts, Global positioning system GPS devices, Inventory management software, Jacks, Minivans or vans, Pickup trucks, Truck lift gates, Vans, Wheel chocks.

Respiratory Therapist (RT)(CRT)
Aug. 2005 to Nov. 2012
Genesis Hospital, Davenport, IA
.
Provided respiratory care services, including nebulizer treatments, pulmonary function tests, ventilator management, oxygen therapy and CPAP/BiPAP therapy.
Adapted treatments when necessary to meet patient needs.
Maintained accurate and complete documentation.
Provided emergency care, including artificial respiration, external cardiac massage and cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
Able to read prescriptions, measure and draw arterial blood gases and determine requirements for treatment.
Monitored patient physiological response to therapy, including vital signs, arterial blood gases and blood chemistry changes.
Ensured careful adherence to physicians' orders.
Worked as part of a multidisciplinary healthcare team.
Followed the five medication rights.
Certified Respiratory Care Technician (CRTT).
Certified in Current Basic Life Support (BLS) for healthcare providers.

Boilermaker Helper
May 2012 to Aug. 2012
Silent Thunder Inc., Davenport, IA
Attach rigging and signal crane or hoist operators to lift heavy frame and plate sections or other parts into place.
Study blueprints to determine locations, relationships, or dimensions of parts.
Straighten or reshape bent pressure vessel plates or structure parts, using hammers, jacks, or torches.
Shape seams, joints, or irregular edges of pressure vessel sections or structural parts to attain specified fit of parts, using cutting torches, hammers, files, or metalworking machines.
Position, align, and secure structural parts or related assemblies to boiler frames, tanks, or vats of pressure vessels, following blueprints.
Locate and mark reference points for columns or plates on boiler foundations, following blueprints and using straightedges, squares, transits, or measuring instruments.
Shape or fabricate parts, such as stacks, uptakes, or chutes, to adapt pressure vessels, heat exchangers, or piping to premises, using heavy-metalworking machines such as brakes, rolls, or drill presses.
Clean pressure vessel equipment, using scrapers, wire brushes, and cleaning solvents.
Knowledge sets include: Acetylene torches, Air grinders, Allen wrenches, Ball peen hammers, Bar clamps, Bench lathes, Bench vises, Blocks or pulleys, Blow torches, Bolt cutters, Box end wrenches, Calipers, Caulking guns, Center punches, Chain hoists, Chain pulleys, Cutoff saws, Cutting torches, Digital lasers, Digital levels, Drill presses, Dust masks, Ear plugs, Fans, Files, Fire extinguishers, Fire retardant apparel, Forklifts, Full body harnesses, Gas welding or brazing or cutting apparatus, Gauges or inspection fixtures, Hydraulic boom trucks, Hydraulic truck cranes.

Respiratory Therapist
May 2005 to Aug. 2007
Trinity Hospital, Rock Island, IL
Provided respiratory care services, including nebulizer treatments, pulmonary function tests, ventilator management, oxygen therapy and CPAP/BiPAP therapy.
Adapted treatments when necessary to meet patient needs.
Maintained accurate and complete documentation.

Continued on page 3.
Continued from page 2.

Provided emergency care, including artificial respiration, external cardiac massage and cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
Able to read prescriptions, measure and draw arterial blood gases and determine requirements for treatment.
Monitored patient physiological response to therapy, including vital signs, arterial blood gases and blood chemistry changes.
Set up and operated respiratory therapy equipment, including mechanical ventilators, therapeutic gas administration apparatus, environmental control systems and aerosol generators.
Ensured careful adherence to physicians' orders.
Worked as part of a multidisciplinary healthcare team.
Followed the five medication rights.
Certified Respiratory Care Technician (CRTT).
Certified in Current Basic Life Support (BLS) for healthcare providers.

Customer Service Representative
Feb. 2004 to Apr. 2005
Blockbuster Video, Davenport, IN
Assist customers with video selection, check movies in and out, resolve customer complaints, restock movies, stock shelves

Friction Welder, CNC Operator
Mar. 1996 to Feb. 2002
John Deere, Moline, IL
Removed and replaced dull cutting tools.
Listened to machine operation to detect malfunctions.
Adjusted machine feed and speed.
Performed daily system backups.
Lifted workpieces to machines manually and using hoists.
Calculated machine speed and feed ratios.
Operated and controlled mini computers.
Operated peripheral equipment, including communications equipment.
Maintained records including problem documentation, actions taken and equipment inventories.
Installed and adjusted three- and four-jaw chucks, tools, attachments, collets, bushings, stops and stock pushers.
Used measuring instruments, including micrometers, dial indicators and gauges.
Loaded and unloaded castings and raw materials in CNC machinery.
Knowledge sets include: Gauges or inspection fixtures, Go/no go test equipment.

Military Service

Specialist, 11charlie Mortarman
Jan. 1982 to Oct. 1988
United States Army - Arctic Light Brigade
Airborne Ranger
Education and Licenses

2005 Northeast Iowa Community College, Iowa
Associates: Respiratory Therapy/Therapist GPA: 3.5

West High School, Iowa
High School/GED: GPA: 2.5

1994 Scott Community College, Iowa
Certificate program: Manufacturing Engineer Certificate GPA: 4.0

Iowa, Class A - Commercial: Pass Transport, Hazardous Materials, Tank Vehicle, Motorcycle, Tank Hazard, Air Brakes
Honors

I was elected vice president of the society of manufacturing engineers (Student) at Blackhawk College when I was in my machinist certificate program I was on the president's list for a 4.0 gpa during my studies at Blackhawk College. It was a coop through Scott Community College, I was also a member of the Phi Theta Kappa Society for a two year college.

Contact this candidate
