
Emmanuel C. Pangilinan – Page * of * – Immediate Availability
Emmanuel C. Pangilinan
Building No. 86 Zone 14 Street 920
3rd flr. room C4 Lavila Bldg. Fereej Abdel Aziz, B Ring Road Doha, Qatar
Mob: +974-******** E-mail: ac9kud@r.postjobfree.com, ac9kud@r.postjobfree.com PROFILE SYNOPSIS
Versatile, dedicated and result driven engineering professional with more than 20 years of proven experience respectively in logistics/procurement, administrative work, quality control, equipment calibration and maintenance, production process improvement within established Semiconductor/Manufacturing/Fabrication/Construction company in Qatar, UAE, Taiwan and the Philippines
Qualifications
Bachelor of Science in Electronics & Communication Engineering (1998) Polytechnic University of the Philippines
Work History
Logistic and Procurement Officer ( Nov 2016 – Apr 2019) DOHA UPVC Windows/Doors/kitchen/Floors Doha Qatar
Fabrication/Installation of UPVC Doors & Windows
Logistic and Procurement Officer ( June 2014- Aug 2016 ) Profession Aluminium Company W.L.L Doha Qatar
Fabrication/Installation of Aluminium Doors & Windows, Glass, Stainless Steel Logistic Officer/Equipment & Transport/Admin. Support (Dec 2011 – May 2014) BUTEC W.L.L Doha, Qatar
EPC Contractor (Engineering, Procurement, Construction) Maintenance Engineer-Logistics & Documentation (Oct. 2009-Feb 2011) Aluminium Technology Auxiliary Industries W.L.L Doha, Qatar Fabrication/Installation of Aluminium Doors & Windows,Cladding,Glass Production Machinist/Technician (Dec 2008 – Aug 2009) CANPACK Middle East LLC Dubai, UAE
Manufacturer of Aluminium Cans
Equipment Maintenance Asst. Engineer (October 2005 – June 2008) Phoenix Precision Technology, Taiwan, R.O.C.
IC packaging
Quality Control Inspector(Apr 2002 – Feb 2005)
Ficta Technology Inc. Taiwan R.O.C
IC packaging
SMT Troubleshooter(Mar 2001 – Jan 2002)
GVC Corporation Taiwan R.O.C
Manufacturer of Cellphones and MP3 player
Process/Test Engineer(Mar 1999 – Mar 2001)
LITEON Dyna Image Corporation Philippines
Manufacturer of Contact Image Sensor
Emmanuel C. Pangilinan – Page 2 of 3 – Immediate Availability Proven Job Role
Logistic and Procurement Officer –DOHA UPVC Windows/Doors/Kitchen/Floors Description : A Qatari Company specialized in fabrication/installation of UPVC Windows, Doors, Kitchen
Responsible for the purchase/coordination of local/international supplies directly to supplier until delivery
Maintain an accurate & complete file record of all correspondence, approvals, evaluation reports, contract/ purchase orders, etc., and archive files as per company policy & procedures.
Manage vendor and supplier selection process based on price, quality, support, capacity and reliability
Negotiate commercial terms & conditions and price with vendors as per the company policy & procedures to safeguard company interest
Logistic and Procurement Officer – Profession Aluminium Company W.L.L Doha Qatar Description : A Syrian Company specialized in fabrication/contracting of Aluminium Windows, Doors, Stainless Steel
Responsible for the purchase/coordination of international supplies directly to supplier until delivery
Coordinate/Monitor delivery of materials from initial shipment until completion of ordered quantity
Liase with International Supplier for the methods of shipment, coordination of transit time and availability
Liase with multiple forwarding company for the coordination of Air, Sea, Land shipment
Prepare international shipping documents as required Logistic Officer/Admin. Support - BUTEC W.L.L Doha, Qatar Description : A Lebanese Company specialized in EPC Contracting (Engineering, Procurement, Construction)
Responsible for scheduling of Safety Induction for the issuance of NDIA gatepass ID
Conduct initial technical inspection of equipment/vehicle for the issuance of NDIA permit
Coordinate and provide support to all manpower supply/rent company regarding mobilization and demobilization
Prepare and update all the manpower/equipment/Vehicle list & continuous tracking of its working/ending date Maintenance Engineer (Logistics & Documentation)-Aluminum Technology Auxiliary Industries W.L.L Description : A Qatari/Indian Company specialized in fabrication/contracting of aluminium,cladding, glass system
Responsible for the planning of manpower requirement and including allocating over time.
Involve in the implementation of quality management system in the area of work.
Responsible for calibration of all equipment as when necessary.
Responsible for procurement of spare parts for the machines and equipment as when necessary
Prepare procedure/documents and exhibits as and when deemed necessary in the area of work Machinist/Technician – Can Pack ME LLC Dubai UAE
Description : A Polish Company engaged in manufacturing of Aluminium Cans of drinks and beverages
Responsible in machine operation, maintenance and troubleshooting as well
Aware in Quality improvement of products and limit the spoilage to meet the highest yield required Equipment Maintenance Asst. Engineer – Phoenix Precision Technology Inc. Description : A Taiwan company that produced Integrated Circuit for processors of computers, camera
Responsible in machine troubleshooting
Strictly follow preventive maintenance schedule
Quality Control Inspector – Ficta Technology Inc.
Description : A Taiwan company for IC packaging
Conduct product inspection according to time schedule
Issuance of non-conformance of production incase of abnormality SMT Troubleshooter – GVC Corporation
Description : A Taiwan company that manufactured Cellphone and portable mp3 disc player
Analyze and repair defective cellphone mainboard
Directly report to the supervisor if there is wrong value of components being used in production Process/Test Eng’r – LITEON Dyna Image Corporation Phils. Description : A Taiwan company engaged in the production of Contact Image Sensor for scanner machine
Responsible in the improvement of manufacturing process
Review product and test specification according to customer
Conduct failure analysis and do corrective and preventive action as well Emmanuel C. Pangilinan – Page 3 of 3 – Immediate Availability Seminars and Trainings
OSHA Construction Industry/Environmental Health and Safety (DISS Doha, Qatar)
Fire drill safety measures (Phoenix Precision Technology Taiwan R.O.C)
Failure Mode and Effect Analysis (LiteOn Philippines)
Seminar on Seven QC tools (LiteOn Philippines)
Cellphone analysis and troubleshooting(GVC Corporation)
Seminars on optical fiber(Castro Engineering Review and Training Center)
Seminars on Telephony and Communication(Castro Engineering Review and Training Center)
Central Office Equipment Maintenance(PLDT Binakayan Cavite) Industrial Machines Know-how
Operation,troubleshooting and maintenance of industrial machines such as Coining mold press machine, BTU oven machine,Minami printing, Deflux machine of Kings machinery, IC molding machine such as Boschman, Towa, Ueno,Dai-ichi(single & dual), Yamada, Stolle CMD for cans
Knowlgeable in the use of speaker oscillator, surge test, life test and polarity test for speaker and receivers
Know how to use Oscilloscope,spectrum analyzer for cellphone troubleshooting IT Skills
Knowledgeable in ERP FOCUS System
Well versed with MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Photoshop & Access) Internet & E-mail applications, Personal Details
Filipino National Born 20th of May 1976 Married Speaks English & Tagalog References
1. Mr. Zaid Abu Alnaser-70545500 ( Profession Aluminum Company) Email : ac9kud@r.postjobfree.com 2. Mr. Mazen Hadla ( BUTEC W.L.L Doha, Qatar) Email : ac9kud@r.postjobfree.com 3. Mr. Mahmoud Yossef (DOHA UPVC-66935335)

Contact this candidate
