
Michael L. Wright
**** ********* **.
Kingman, AZ 86401
ac9m5e@r.postjobfree.com
1-928-***-****
SUMMARY
I am an ambitious leader that specializes in coordinating quality assurance operations to ensure effective manufacturing quality and inspection procedures are executed. Adept at collaborating with cross functional teams to support continuous improvement projects, develop and improve quality specification, and optimize training tools to improve product quality and manufacturing efficiency. I am committed to developing and promoting best practices in manufacturing. WORK EXPERIENCE
American Woodmark Corporation
Assembly Quality Supervisor August 2015 – Current
I have 16 full time direct report employees over three shifts.
I ensure policies are followed and provide guidance and discipline appropriately.
Provide team leadership consistent with the company’s vision, mission, and cite principles.
I coordinate communication between departments as required as well as lead the Build – A-Better Box Team and the Wrong Item Sent Team.
I provide feedback to our providers when there are quality issues.
I review Process Audit Results with the Assembly and Mill Department Supervisors Weekly. I provide them with action items to work on and improve their compliance.
I plan and coordinate my department’s activities to support SQDC targets to ensure our company is able to meet or exceed their requirements.
I have participated in Escalation Cell Improvement & Southern Finishing Kaizen events and a corporate environmental study.
I lead the daily DIM meetings to keep my department informed of quality issues, company announcements, and changes in policy.
I write performance reviews as required as well as direct a path of individual development.
I participate in New Hire meetings as well as orientation when needed.
I teach cultural and quality related training classes as needed.
I have implemented the Gage Trak gage calibration program in our facility, getting the company set-up to be in alignment with Corporate. Our facility has approximately 860 gages.
I drew up the layout and organized the movement of the escalation cell to improve flow of the process and improve the quality of our replacement parts.
I developed a jig that ensures the screws go in straight for the side mounted rails.
I obtained a certification in Lean Concepts training with AWC. Parker Hannifin – Nichols Portland Division
Quality Program Coordinator April 2013 – July 2015
I had seven full time direct report employees and occasional temp help.
Supervised the Gage Lab and the QA Department over three shifts and a weekend crew.
Lead ISO/TS 16949 Internal Auditor and I schedule all of the annual TS Audits as well as control the entire internal audit program.
Managed time cards with TimeTrack and handle employee vacations.
Hired personnel as well as discipline as needed per the company handbook.
Made charts and graphs to track the approximately 10,000 gages calibrated on a daily, monthly, and yearly cycle.
Wrote procedure, work instructions, and created controlled documents
Participated and lead Kaizen events.
Worked with vendors to order gages, have gages repaired, and outsource calibrations when needed.
Participated in NCR meetings daily to resolve issues quickly.
Managed all annual layouts, PPAP inspection, Gage R&R’s and Prototype inspections.
Emphasized team building and individual growth through cross training. BMW Enterprises – Chattanooga, TN
Owner July 2012 – April 2013
Residential and commercial window cleaning (low/high rise).
Building washing, roof washing, pressure washing, gutter cleaning, gutter face cleaning, blind cleaning, no slip floor treatments, and oil remediation.
Hire and terminate employees as needed.
I ordered back ground checks, credit checks, and drug testing for pre-employment screening.
Trained and qualified employees to perform the job duties assigned to them.
Sales, Marketing, and Financing.
Equipment maintenance, inventory, and storage.
Alstom Power TPRC, Chattanooga, TN
Quality Control Inspector August 2010 – July 2012
• Brought in to oversee purchasing the needed and required equipment for the Casing Line Quality Department, for Nuclear Steam Turbines.
• Sent to Training in Elblag, Poland in Belfort, France, and in Mannheim, Germany over a seven-month time frame, in order to create an Incoming Goods Inspection area and Nuclear Steam Turbine Casing Line inspection area for US facility
Developed procedures, SOP, R&Rs in order for department to receive IS0 9001:1994 certification
Involved in a companywide safety program initiative that earned the LEED Certified Gold status for 1000 consecutive days with no lost time accidents Saint-Gobain Crystals, Hiram, OH January 2006- June 2009 Quality Assurance Technician, ISO Internal Auditor, 5S Auditor, Lean / Six Sigma Green Belt;
Manufacturing representative & Safety Officer
Senior Safety Auditor – Trained new Auditors, mapped out all safety related items in the new factory, implemented and trained personnel on safety changes and practices
Led three technicians in the Quality Assurance Department, in the incoming inspection and Geo-line test areas. Measuring and testing product to the engineering drawings.
Lead ISO Internal Auditor and apart of the team that got the company ISO 14001 certified
Designed an innovative solution to reduce damage and rework on aluminum housings that saved labor and material costs.
Developed a procedure for salvaging crystals 98% more efficiently. Wrote down every step, photographed each step. Re-wrote the procedure and added the pictures and a list of required tools.
Researched and isolated parts without any recordable defects over a specified amount of time. A list was developed to determine what could by-pass incoming inspection for a dock-to-stock program. This program strengthened the Lean manufacturing initiative, reduced labor throughput and increased profit.
Held and led the cross functional MRB meetings and dispositioned NCR’s accordingly. Component Repair Technologies Inc, Mentor, OH
Quality Control Inspector and CMM Operator November 2004-December 2005
Inspected machine parts for reworked aircraft engines and turbines during incoming, in- process, and final inspection points. Performed plate inspections, CMM and various precision measurement gauges.
Referenced FAA and Airline repair manuals to determine if repairs were completed in compliance to the required specifications
On night shift I frequently assisted the shift Supervisor with loading and unloading the vacuum furnaces used to heat treat parts for distressing post weld. Roll-Kraft Inc, Mentor, OH
Design Engineer, ISO Internal Auditor
Gage Repair / Calibration, Inspection June 2000-November 2004
Promoted from Quality Inspector to Design Engineer due to ability to reverse engineer parts drawings using AutoCAD and manual engineering practices.
Created engineering drawings for new tooling and converting hand drawn engineering drawings into an AutoCAD formate.
Developed a tracking system to detect rejected parts, the dates, machine operator and reason for rejection. This lead the way to putting more accountability for quality in the hands of the machinists and improve product quality.
Reduced rework of parts and possible shipment delays.
Led ISO certification team. ISO 9001:2008 receive in less than one year. Became a senior internal auditor.
Astro Model Development, Eastlake, OH October 1999 – June 2000 Plastic Injection Mold Maker Apprentice
As a mold maker apprentice I used Optical comparators, ID/OD micrometers, calipers, radius gauges, thread gauges, depth micrometers, gauge pins, gauge blocks, granite plate, Cadillac gauges, height stands, bore gauges, dial indicators.
I set-up and ran surface grinders, manual vertical and horizontal mills, manual engine lathes, drill press, hydraulic press, CNC Mill, CNC Lathes, 5-Axis Milling Centers, band saws, tapping machining and hand tools for de-burring to make parts out of stainless steel, brass, and aluminum.
I set-up and ran plastic injection machines for trial or low production runs.
I picked-up and delivered molds to customers.
I operated hoists and tow motors.
Bescast, Willoughby, OH October 1997 – October 1999 Machinist & Quality Control Inspector
Certified Quality Control Inspector. I used sample plans to determine how many parts from a lot that needed to be inspected. I used Optical comparators, digital scales, ID/OD micrometers, calipers, radius gauges, thread gauges, depth micrometers, gauge pins, gauge blocks, granite plate, Cadillac gauges, height stands, bore gauges, dial indicators and gauge balls.
I set-up and ran surface grinders, wire EDM, manual vertical and horizontal mills, manual engine lathes, turret lathes, drill press, hydraulic press, Dove Tail Machine, CNC Mill, and hand tools for de-burring and straightening to make parts out of aluminum, stainless steel, nickel alloys, and cobalt alloys.
I machined prototypes out of wax for engineering projects. United States Navy
Gas Turbine Repair Technician
Fuel and Lube oil Testing / Safety Coordinator September 1993-August 1997 EDUCATION
Louisiana State University Shreveport - projected graduation December 2021 Masters of Business Administration
Southwestern College December 2009
Bachelor of Science in Business Quality Management & Operations Management Lakeland Community College August 2006
Mechanical Engineering Technical Certificate in CAD Design and AutoCAD operator ADDITIONAL TRAINING
ISO/TS 16949 Lead Auditor Certification 2013
Six Sigma Green Belt Certification, Southwestern College, April 2008 Tool & Die Apprenticeship Program, Cuyahoga Community College Software Knowledge
Solidworks, AutoCAD, SPC GainSeeker, AS/400, Microsoft Office, Microsoft Access, Lotus Notes, Kronos, Time Track, Intelex, MRP Planner, MRP Comp, Gage Trak & ADP Shop Certifications:
Forklift Operators License
Overhead Crane Safety, Rigging Safety, and Overhead Crane Operator. 30 hour OSHA course
AFFILIATIONS
- Society for Human Resource Management (SHRM) Member since 4/2017
- Metal Power Industries Federation (MPIF) Member since 2013
- American Society for Quality (ASQ) Senior Member since 9/2000 - Certified Mechanical Inspector
REFERENCES
Available upon request

Contact this candidate
