
Yoruba

PERSONAL SUMMARY
A highly skilled project engineer with an exceptional ability in industrial operations and maintenance of mechanical equipment, facility and technical management, with practical improvement initiatives to enhance a company’s overall effectiveness, and harness the latent potential of its workers to meet time demands of prospective customers and clientele, with excellent safety and compliance record, working knowledge of OSHA and environmental regulations.
Keen to find a challenging & suitable engineering position with an ambitious company that offers opportunities for career development and advancement. SKILLS AND KEY COMPETENCIES
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, deadline-oriented environment with accurate response to customer’s request and meeting promised delivery time.
Proficient use of AUTOCAD, MSProject and Microsoft Suite.
Excellent communication skill, team player, thought leader, time management competence and enthusiasm towards learning and development.
Efficient in cost effective project quotations and logistics, appropriate material selection, quantity and costing, engaging vendors, procurement, troubleshooting mechanical/electrical systems, using technical drawing and flow chart analysis, toolbox sections, technical briefing, service advising and maintaining high standard of safety and discipline in the workplace.
Knowledge of computer diagnostic equipment as well as uses and handling varieties of workshop equipment, special service and repair tools and their storage.
Performing routine/quick maintenance services and ensuring that all repairs are completed to the correct specification and conform to industry standards. WORK EXPERIENCE
Project Engineer Sept 2018 – Till Date
Cords Engineering Services Limited
Plot 3, Engr. Taiwo Crescent, Oyero, Ogun State.
JOB DESCRIPTION
Oversee engineering projects and technical staffs within the company, project quotation and logistics, with effective, efficient and sufficient dispense of resource allocation, also ensuring that projects are completed on schedule, within budget and project specification, and further ensuring that they conforms to industry standards.
Plant Supervisor July 2016 – July2018
Oguns Gas Nigeria Limited
HQ, Block 72, Ijoko road, Sango Ota, Ogun state.
JOB DESCRIPTION
MICHAEL AYOMIDE KAYODE
PROJECT ENGINEER
Km 22, Lagos-Ibadan Expressway,Ojodu-Berger, Lagos state. Tel: 081******** Email: ac9m34@r.postjobfree.com
Birth date: 27/06/1990
Marital status: Single
State of origin: Ondo state
Planned, directed and coordinated daily plant operations of employees and monitored resources, information, safety, facility maintenance, documentation, work-force, environment, management input to achieve efficient use of labor, equipment and materials to attain daily set goals, sales target and customers’ satisfaction.
Graduate HSE / QC Officer Jan 2016 – June 2016
Yale Foods Limited
Plot 1B, Block 1, Oluyole Industrial Estate, Ring Road-Ibadan, Oyo state. JOB DESCRIPTION
Monitoring operations to ensure that they meet production standard, and assessing hazardous and unsafe situations, documentation and developing sustainable approach, procedures, measures and ensure strict compliance to assure personnel, property and production safety. Automobile Workshop Intern July 2012 – Dec. 2012
Elizade (Toyota) Nigeria Limited (After-Sales)
Plot 24/25, Acme Road, Ogba Industrial Scheme, Lagos state. JOB DESCRIPTION
Performed quick service, preventive and corrective maintenance, repairs and replacement of mechanical and electrical parts, quality compliance check, documentation, job control and estimates, service advising, and hands-on use of special service and repair tools. ProductionMaintenance Technician May 2011 – Nov 2011 Veevee Paper Product Limited
Km 2, Ijoko Road, Sango Ota, Ogun state.
JOB DESCRIPTION
Carried out maintenance on wide varieties of NC and CNC machine, generators, pumps, machine roller belts, calibration of printing machine and paper milling machine. EDUCATION
Bachelor of Engineering in Mechanical Engineering 2014 Olabisi Onabanjo University
Ogun State, Nigeria.
CERTIFICATION
Project Management (PMP In View) 2019
Auto-CAD and CAM 2018
QHSE 1,2,3 2017
Trade Test Certification (Automobile works);Level 1,2,3 2015 AFFILIATION
Graduate member, Nigerian Society of Engineers (NSE). 2015
Graduate member, Nigerian Institution of Mechanical Engineers (NIMECHE). 2013 REFERENCES
Available on request

Contact this candidate
