
Corey Jason Aumen
**** ******'s Sausage Road
Smithfield, NC 27577
Cell# 919-***-****
Alternative # 919-***-****
Professional Experience
SPX Transformer solutions: CNC Machinist level 3,December 2015 - May 2019
● Set up and operation of various machines including Whitney CNC Punch Also set up maintain and operate and program new Kinetic plasma mill combination
● Job duties include production of quality transformer parts, inspection of Parts, safe operation of machines and use of proper PPE Maintain a clean work environment including machine and work areas
● All other duties knowledge and skills and abilities are listed below under previous work experience use is various depending on job or issue at hand Ability think quickly and improvise when necessary keeping safety and Quality first
AAR Corporation: Machinist, November 2014-January 2015 (Temporary Contract Position with Kelly Services)
Production with vertical mill.
Edit and wright programs to manufacture parts as needed using all previous skills and knowledge listed below
Electric Motors: Machinist, January 2013-June 2014
Fabricate, reverse engineer, weld, and repair parts as needed for a variety of electric motors using all previous skills and knowledge as listed below Use of manual mills and Lathes
to manufacture new parts and
repair parts.
Kidde Aerospace: CNC Machinist, April 2012-January 2013
Set up, adjust, and operate all of the basic machine tools and many specialized or advanced variation tools in order to perform precision machining operations.
Calculate dimensions and tolerances using knowledge of mathematics and instruments such as micrometers and vernier calipers.
Confer with numerical control programmers in order to check and ensure that new programs or machinery will function properly, and that output will meet specifications.
Dismantle machines or equipment, using hand tools and power tools, in order to examine parts for defects and replace defective parts where needed.
Clean and lubricate machines, tools, and equipment in order to remove grease, rust, stains, and foreign matter.
Maintain industrial machines, applying knowledge of mechanics, shop mathematics, metal properties, layout, and machining procedures.
Study sample parts, blueprints, drawings, and engineering information in order to determine methods and sequences of operations needed to fabricate products, and determine product dimensions and tolerances
Evans Mactavish Agri-Craft: CNC Machinist, August 2011-April 2012
Setup and operation involves reviewing CNC programs, editing programs, verifying speeds and feeds for tooling; operating machine to produce quality parts on time.
Ability to perform difficult set-ups; blocking, aligning, and securing of large forgings from 100 to 50,000 lbs.
Ability to read and interpret blueprints, GD&T tolerances and part specifications
Knowledge and working experience with changing tooling and chuck fixtures out.
Identifies the type of material being used and performs hardness testing
Ability to use standard measuring tools; micrometers, calipers, diameter tapes, etc OPW Fueling Containment Systems: LeadSet-up Machinist, May2010-August 2011
Program 4 axis and 3 axis CNC mills/lathes utilizing either 3D data or 2D prints.
Develop cutting programs for various types of tooling materials.
Calculates and codes machine controlling criteria, such as axis movement, type and size of cutting and drilling tools, spindle location, and machining start
Generate part programs that meet production objectives for optimum cost, quality, speed, and on-time customer deliveries.
Produce parts with .002 tolerances using 5 CNC machines and/or 2 vertical mills.
Be efficient with the use of Haas, Mazak, Mori Seiki, Okuma, Fanuc and CAD/CAM programs and equipment.
Kaba Ilco: CNC Programmer/ Set-up Machinist, October 2009-May 2010
Set up and operate numerical control machine tools to aide in the manufacturing process of creating access card key blanks and similar parts.
Monitors machine operation and control panel displays to detect malfunctions and compare readings to specifications
Calculates and sets machine controls to position tools, synchronize tape and tool, or regulate cutting depth, speed, feed, or coolant flow.
Operates lathe, drill-press, jig-boring machine, or other machines manually or semi automatically.
Set up and operate grinding, honing, lapping, or deburring machines to remove excess materials or burrs from internal and external surfaces. AAR Corporation: Setup Machinist, May 2009-October 2009 *this was a temporary position with Holden Temporaries
Production with vertical mill and lathes with the use of Mastercam to create and cut parts using one of many supplied machines and control definitions, also using Mastercam’s advanced tools to create my own customized definitions by entering dimensions in familiar fractional format.
Read and interpret blueprints and program sheets
Troubleshoot potential machine/machining problems and assist on repairs.
Knowledge of SPC(statistical process control) and use of histographs to keep production nominal.
Stephenson Millwork: CNC Operator-Machinist May2007-March 2009
Capable of the set-up and operation of CNC machine tools including reading and or editing programs and optimizing machining conditions
Ability to read blue prints and to use measuring tools to inspect the work on the machine such as calipers, ID/OD micrometers, depth gages, indicators and scales.
Use of CAD/CAM programs to draw parts and generate the G-code for making standard parts: generate the G-code once and use it many times.
Application of precision measuring instruments
Conestoga Wood Specialties: Complex Processor/ CNC Operator, 2002-Sept. 2006
Running CNC equipment/Software such as MasterCam and using AutoCAD.
Panel Soft equipment operating within the Finishing Department Specialties
Operating forklift to move and load orders in very high heat and humidity
Troubleshoot and repair problems on various operating equipment
*Industrial welding certificate obtained*
* forklift operators license obtained at Johnston Community College*

Contact this candidate
