
Conrad Van den berg
ac9pp7@r.postjobfree.com
© 813-***-****

CAREER SUMMARY

CAD Drafter • CAD Designer • Industrial Design Specialist
An organized, influential design professional with a proven track record of providing effective drafting and design solutions utilizing CAD to prepare professional drawings to engineering standards.
A diversely skilled Multi-discipline designer/drafter with 15+ years of experience influencing the creation, maintenance, and review of internal and external engineering documentation, drawings, processes and component data.
An energizing, culture-focused couch and mentor. Committed to providing employees clear vision, meaningful feedback and motivating them to achieve unprecedented results. Have developed team members who, today, are senior designers/drafters and executive leaders.
A lifelong engineering professional. whose combined background in manufacturing, drafting and design whose teams consistently outperform revenue goals and maintain an unwavering commitment to operational effectiveness and customer satisfaction.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Operations Management
Team Leadership
Negotiation
Forecasting & Planning
Design and Development
Tooling and Assembly
Concept Design
Inventory Control
Leadership Development
Customer Satisfaction
Performance Revitalization
Cost Estimating
Purchasing
Product Management

EDUCATION
Computer Engineering Technology - AA Degree
Drafting and Design Pretoria Technical College
AutoCAD, Solidworks, MicroStation.
4 Year Trade as Maintenance Technician and Machinist
Network system support Specialist - Certificate

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Conray Design, Tampa, FL Oct 2017 – Present
A multi-discipline engineering business specializing in providing specialized drafting and design solutions per client and engineering specifications.

CAD Technician/ Designer
Currently working with an Environmental Consulting firm, specializing in petroleum site characterization and remediation Providing the following services, Site assessment, Closure assessments, Contamination assessment reporting. Assisting engineers and geologists by preparing computer-generated working drawings that are project specific.
Cad solutions include, but not limited to the following:
Proper scaling and ability to work within and adjust CAD setup parameters for professional drawing development
Use the latest version of AutoCAD Civil 3D to prepare design drawings with plan, profile, section and detail views as designated by the engineering team.
Infinity Engineering, Tampa, FL 2016 – 2017
A site development services company specializing from initial site investigations and feasibility studies through completion of site development drawings and the construction phase. Projects include residential, commercial, and industrial Civil Engineering services.
Civil CAD Designer
Supported civil engineering group in development of design and construction plan sets. Utilizing AutoCAD civil 3D to prepare project/construction drawings, aerial exhibits, topographic/contour maps, plan and profile sheets, sections and details, translate mark ups into drawings, check and plot drawings, complete final working drawings and contract drawings.
Mentored fellow team members in Civil 3d setup, templates, and styles.

CPWG Engineering, Tampa, FL 2015 – 2016
Industry-leading professionals offering community planning, land planning, landscape architecture, ecological services, land development engineering and construction inspection services.
Civil CAD Designer
Developed detailed civil construction plans for various land development. (commercial/residential/municipal) projects, including site, utilities, and grading, and storm water layout/design from the beginning stage of project(s), through final construction plans, to final as built plans.

Created and works with AutoCAD Civil 3D designs and layouts.
Set up and managed AutoCAD drafting and plan preparation in accordance with established standards with minimal direction.
Assured integrity of AutoCAD data files created.

Erikson Technologies, Tampa, FL 2014 – 2015
As a precast specialty engineering firm, Eriksson Technologies renders consulting engineering and drafting services primarily to precast concrete fabricators and contractors throughout the United States.
CAD TECH - STRUCTURAL ENGINEERING & ARCHITECTURE
Participate in the design of a variety of structure types include buildings, bridges, and marine structures. Design media typically included reinforced concrete, prestressed concrete, steel, and composites.

Work collaboratively with CAD Technicians and other engineers
Prepare drawings and sketches using AutoCAD
Check drawings.

JW Appley & Son, Tampa, FL 2012 –2014
Engineering services firm providing fabrication shop services to Florida and nationwide including: CNC Machining Manual Machining CNC Laser Cutting Plasma Cutting CNC Punching Metal Forming (Braking) Shearing Sawing Welding Assembly Sandblasting Painting Powder Coating
CAD TECH - MECHANICAL FABRICATION & MACHINING
Brought in as a contract CAD technician, providing mechanical custom designs of sheet metal fabrication. Quickly identified as a valuable player with experience in machining, programing and assembly.

Operated Lathes and CNC milling machines/ programmer for router and water jets.
Prepared Reversed engineering drawings from existing sketches and parts.
Utilizing AutoCAD and Solidworks.

Contact this candidate
