
CURRICULUM VITAE
P.SATHIYARAJ PERSENT ADDRESS
Mobile: +971********* Dubai,
Mobile: +971********* United Arab Emirates.
E-mail: ac9p2p@r.postjobfree.com
Objective:
Intend to build a career with leading corporate of hi-tech environment with committed & dedicated People, which will help me to explore myself fully and realize my potential. Willing to work as a key player in challenging & creative environment.
Professional summary:
Having 10 years of experience in technical industry.
Experience in production and quality of various industry.
Good work ethics with excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
Ability to work well in both a team environment and individual environment.
Having the knowledge of Quality and Safety.
Knowledge:
Have experience in pump, valves and oil field.
Working in travisan, Doosan, hawachine, youji, youshine, sigma, quick mill, tos, titan, dorries machines.
About HMC, VMC and VTL machine operating and programming.
About VTL Turn mill machine operating and programming.
About Conventional LATHE (turning, and threading), MILLING, and BORING machine operating.
Have experience in SEMYX automatic water jet, and plasma machine operating and designing.
Have experience in ARC WELDING.
Have experience in Fanuc and Siemens control.
Working in carbon steel, stainless steel, duplex, Inconel, incoloy materials.
Working in 2” to 25” jobs.
Working in production, development, and assembly jobs.
Working in 300 to 2500 diameter chuck.
Using milling and drilling in VTL machine c axis polar coordinate.
About cycle programming, threading, spot facing, drilling, grooving.
About UNC, UNF, NPT, M-thread, agmi thread, tapper thread, rigid tapping.
Using nandria, spot face, back boring, back bore threading, and silent bar,single and multi-end threading tool. Technical skills:
CNC Programming, Operating and Auto Cad.
Work Experience:
1. Company : Oilfields Supply Center Limited. (Dubai) UAE. Designation : Senior Machinist
Period : Sep 2014 to Till Date
Field : Oil and Gas & Fabrication
2. Company : Sharpline Industries (Sharjah) UAE.
Designation : Operator And Programmer
Period : March 2013 to Aug 2014
Field : Valve
3. Company : Prime Engineering (Coimbatore)INDIA.
Designation : Operator
Period : April 2011 to March 2013
Field : Pump
4. Company : Shree Machines (Coimbatore) INDIA.
Designation : Operator
Period : June 2008 to April 2011
Field : Valve
Responsibilities:
Reading and analyzing the drawings given
Select the suitable tools
Programming and operating
Recording and reporting of machine tool status
Doing the basic maintenance
Calculate and report the job timing
Complete the jobs within given period
Maintain 5s
To meet daily shift wise production outputs as per target
Allocate the jobs
Delivered the job within correct timing
Handled Machine details:-
VTL –Vertical Turn mill center ( 3 – Axis Machine)
Youshine,Youji 18i-Fanuc Control(ATC+C)
Titan,Tos,Dorries 840D,802D New version
Chuck size 400 up to 3000 Dia
HMC-Horizontal Machining Center
TRAVISION – Turno miller Machine(5- Axis)
ASQUITH BULTER SHARPLINE – ( SF450 5- Axis Siemens 840D)
DRAFFEN SADEN – (Siemens 802D SL)
DS1000,DS900,DS600
ATC system with turning & milling facility( Fanuc 30i module). VMC-Vertical Machining Center
Youji, Richmond, Doosan, sigma, quickmil, and Cincinnati – (Fanuc Oi MD and Siemens) WATERJET AND PLASMA
SEMYX automatic CNC water jet and plasma cutting machine. Handled of job:
I Have Handled Tube sheet,Flange,valve,turbine all type of cylinder in VTL turn mill and HMC Machine. Customer
ENOC, ADNOC, SAUDI ARAMCO, Qatar Petroleum and etc. Handled of Instruments:-
Digital & normal Vernier caliper (0-2000mm- Different sizes)
Outside micro meter ( 0-1500mm Different size)
Digital & normal Depth Vernier (0-650mm Different size)
Inside micrometer (50 – 1500mm)
Bore dial gauges.
Thread gauges ( inside & outside)
Slip gauge
Educational Qualification:-
Diploma in Mechanical Engineering with 73% (First Class) Sree Narayana Guru Polytechnic College Coimbatoer.
(2006 –2008).
Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate,
Govt.Boys.Hr.Sec.School.Namakkal. (2005 –
69%)
Personal Information:-
Nationality : India
Marital Status : Married
Languages Known : English, Hindi,Tamil,Malayalam
Passport No. : R 8139707
DOB :09/06/1987
Declaration:-
I hereby declare that the above mentioned statements are true to best of my knowledge and belief. Date : Yours faithfully,
Place : (P.SATHIYARAJ)

Contact this candidate
