
Robert A. d’Amico
*** *********** *****
Utica New York 13501
Phone 315-***-****
E-Mail: ac9r8j@r.postjobfree.com

EXPERIENCE:
Indium, Utica, N.Y. (October 20018 to Present) Production Operator I. Operate a variety of machines to produce proprietary product. Due to strict a confidentiality agreement, I am unable to describe the types of machines, their purpose, the materials used and the product produced. However, I can state that the products produced are in nearly 95% of all electronics in use today.
Process Improvements: FY 2018, submitted two process improvements in first month of employment. One suggestion or “Bright Idea” was implemented and will save set up time making an operation more efficient. The other idea is still under consideration. FY 2019, submitted six new Ideas. They concern the operation and configuration of machinery and administrative issues. One administrative idea will affect the entire company if accepted.

Observer Dispatch, Utica, NY, (March 2017 to August 2018), Single Copy Collector
Collections: Present invoices and accept payments for collection. Collect unsold copies and maintain inventory records for further review and alteration.
Customer Service: Field questions and concerns from retail customers. Follow through with recommendations to appropriate manager.
Sales: Identify new sales opportunities and discuss same the appropriate manager. Place signage and assist retail outlets with sales set ups.
Form Design: Designed form to assess draws and returns to better manage proper inventorylevels and minimize returns and cost of distribution.
Process Improvement: Suggested and organized effort to have customers fax or email return credits. This proved to be more convenient for the customer and saved more than an hour each week for internal staff.

MetLife, Oriskany N.Y. Temporary Position (September 2016 to December 2016) Accounting Technician Tricare Dental 40 Hrs. Review and update Direct Paper Bills, EFT, Recurring and Payroll Files for accuracy. Review of monthly reports to compare reports to update and reconcile under/over payments to billing customers using MetLife and government systems. Review of payment history to reconcile individual billing accounts.

Defense Accounting and Finance Services, Rome New York, (June 2015 to June 2016) Accounting Technician. Travel Pay TCS/TDY 40Hrs/Wk.
Performs duties for the full range of accounts and types of transactions that support validating, monitoring, controlling, and maintaining accounting transactions and accounting records/ledgers for multiple accounts.
Enters data into the applicable system(s); compares transactions entered to those intended and corrects invalid/incorrect entries. Periodically screens files for accuracy and compatibility. Receives extracts, records and balances data in automated systems.
Respond to questions from customers or co-workers regarding accounting data, discrepancies, and procedures.
Researched minor problems covering all aspects of processing technical accounting data, compiles, analyzes, and summarizes data from systems, documents, and reports.
Explained procedures and problems and took corrective actions as necessary to ensure the accuracy and propriety of transactions and records.

Remington Arms, Ilion, NY. (October 2012-May 2015), CNC Machinist 40Hrs/Wk
Operate a Fadal 2216FX, Fanuc Robodrill T14 FE, Horizontal Ohio Broacher and a Memenneon Flywheel Punch Press, Haas Mini Mill.
Gauge parts, determine and make offset adjustments.
Transferred to Model 700 warranty repairs. This includes logging in returns and pulling firing mechanisms

State of Montana, Department of Labor and Industry Employee Relations Division, Temporary Appointment (February 2012-August 2012) 40Hrs/Wk

Monitors Workman Compensation First Reports and Subsequent reports for Completeness and Accuracy before entering into data bases
Verify accuracy and completeness of data for input to data base
Investigates missing reports or data using predefined computer generated reports and ad hoc data
Tracks Rejected Reports and monitors resubmissions
Customer Service: Communicated with and assisted Trading partners with any system issues, solved issues to effect and insure corrective action
Regulation: Working knowledge of Worker Compensation Law, policies, rules and procedures.
Generate financial reports to gather data for additional action
Reconcile General Ledger accounts and trail balance accounts
And performed needed financial and mathematical analysis
Handled Trading Partner customer inquiries by phone or email

Heritage Propane, Helena, Montana, (May 2011-October 2011) Transaction Tax Accountant. 40Hrs/Wk.
Analyzing, evaluating and filing eighteen monthly and quarterly sales and use tax returns to state, county, and city taxing authorities.
Analyzed data for regulatory compliance.
Compile data from several data bases to file sales tax returns; proprietary data bases and SAP
Verified accounting submissions and sales tax returns for accuracy and completeness.
Input financial and inventory data for return filing.
Generated reports from data bases for sales tax filing purposes.
In depth knowledge of tax citations pertaining to exemptions and revenue sources.
Accessed multiple data bases.
Regulation: Researched, Evaluated and Developed two Regulatory Sales and Use Tax matrixes (Florida and Illinois). The matrixes assisted field employees to better understand applicable sales tax regulation in their daily billing and purchasing activities.
Made several Better Process Improvements which reduced risk profile, established accountability, and made for more efficient processing of returns.
Training courses: Sales and Use Tax 22.5 Hours; Propane Safety; Discrimination and Sexual Harassment; Excel.

Albertson’s, Billings, MT, (October 2010 to May 2011) Baker-Production 30Hrs/Wk
Opened bakery
Planned daily production
Baked off product
Inventory control
Assisted in ordering

From October 2008 to October 2010 I’ve been liquidating business assets and have also held part time or temporary positions.

Dakotah Oil, 125 W. Chicago Rd., PO Box 25, Allen, Michigan, 49227 (October 2008), Phone Z# 517-***-****, Title - Trainee
p
West Michigan Mobile Catering, (August 1989 to April 2008), 70Hrs/Wk
Started company in 1989 from scratch. No prior experience.
Established organizational parameters identified immediate and potential problems. Implemented solutions.
Identified needs and issues and developed plans of resolution.
Operated 6 routes, employed 10, and served approximately 1000 customer a day at 160 to 180 factories, shops, and other concerns.
Established routes, met with corporate management CEO’s, Owners, Plant Managers, and HR officials to coordinate service tailored to customer needs.
Responsible for managing Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable, Payroll, Budgeting. Purchasing, Pricing, Capital Financing, Analyzing and Developing Markets, Sales, Human Resources, Training, and Production and Inventory.
Responsible for company’s Administration: responsible for day to day operations; scheduled and ran meetings; spoke with customers, vendors, Health Department regulatory authorities. Banking: put together and made daily bank deposits. Made all tax deposits, Federal, State, Sales Tax, and Unemployment Insurance.
Accounting: Set up Chart of Accounts and kept current.
Made all entries. Maintained vendor files.
Developed Financial Statements: Balance sheets, Income Statements, and Cash Flow Statements.
Accounts Payable: recorded all entries and made disbursements to various vendors and properly accounted for expenses paid to various vendors.
Generated financial and sales reports and completed computations to submit various taxes; i.e. Sales Tax; Estimated Income tax; State Unemployment and Federal Withholding and FICA Taxes.
Accounts Receivable: Recorded all credits, returns and other receivables and assigned to proper accounts. Recorded disposition of receivables.
Payroll: made out payroll checks each week. Adjusted for exemptions, and other adjustments such as: garnishments, 401k deductions and employer contributions, alimony, Social security and Medicare.
Budgeting: Made annual and semiannual budgets for internal use and for Capital Financing. Compared budgeted results to actual and made adjustments with explanations.
Purchasing: Itemized and prioritized all items to be purchased based on, but not limited to frequency, quantity, quality, count, lead and lag time and availability, (“FQQCLLA”).
Contacted vendors, discussed items, regarding FQQCLLA, to discuss product quality, quantity, service, price, delivery schedules and service.
Compared product quality, price, availability, efficiency, and preference by end users and customer or market preference.
Kept aware of and monitored market demand regarding new and existing product offerings or changes in specifications.
Negotiated price, delivery schedule, and other terms.
Monitored deliveries for completeness and accuracy.
Corrected any deficiencies in an order and made arrangements for returns or credits.
Excellent working knowledge of health department regulations regarding delivery, storage, and usage of purchased food and dry good items.
Tried or requested new samples. Made special orders, expedited orders.
Confirmed or denied or delayed payment for orders based on delivery performance and completeness.
Pricing: Determined cost basis for all items sold and reasonable profit. Used marginal analysis and volume considerations, actual and projected, to assist in determining proper price points.
Capital Financing: Prepared and presented loan requests top lenders and negotiated terms and conditions of financing, as well as future financing needs and market considerations.
Profitable every year of operation.
Very high percentage of client company retention and customer repeat sales.
Very low employee turnover, promoted teamwork and cross training employee development and mentored employees.
Excellent reputation and relationships with client companies, customers and vendors.

American Acquest, Grand Rapids, Michigan, Vice President Commercial Mortgages, (November 1985 to May1986) 50 Hrs./Wk.
Established Commercial Mortgage Department, established lending protocols and wrote Mission Statement.
Placed $12 to $14 million in loans for local development projects.
Prepared loan proposals, including preparation of financial statements, financial projections, and market demand research and analysis.
Made presentations to Staff and Company owners, Senior Bank and Insurance Company VP’s.
Researched interest rates and portfolio demand.
Established working relationships with instate and out of state lenders.
Negotiated loans, terms and amounts

Adjunct Professor, Davenport College Grand Rapids (September 1985 to December1985) Taught on Campus Case Course Management and Off campus ABA Banking 101

Robert A. d’Amico & Associates, Washington, D.C., (September 1983 to January 1985) 60Hrs/Wk.
Consulting in Finance, Management and Marketing.
Assisted small businesses to find international markets and suppliers.
Specialized in small business finance and accounting and market development.
Helped develop market strategies and accounting systems.

Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, Washington, D.C. Division of Bank Supervision and Regulation, International Banking Analyst, (August 1977 to April 1982) 50-60Hrs/Wk.
Analyzed complex financial, managerial, and legal issues as they related to proposed and existing overseas activities of U.S. Banks and Bank Holding Companies and subsidiaries and investments made by foreign banking organizations in U.S. financial institutions. Reconciled foreign financial statements to U.S. GAAP. Thorough knowledge of applicable banking regulations.
Prepared memorandum to the Board of Governors detailing analyses, issues, and made recommendations for disposition. Assessed and analyzed the quality and adequacy of bank capital, assets, management, earnings and liquidity.
Complimented by Senior Staff for my memorandum and presentations.
Made weekly status presentations to senior staff. Attended Board meetings and met with Governors.
Developed data and prepared responses to Congressional and public inquiries.
Met with Senior Banking officials to discuss specific financial and regulatory issues.
Researched and prepared financial and competitive studies, represented the Division on interdivisional special projects, improved management information systems for reporting and processing financial and structural data.
Researched and prepared financial data that was used in a revision to the International Banking Act.
Worked independently, reported to Assistant and Associated Directors.
Regularly collaborated with other Divisions; Research and Statistics and Legal.

Co-chaired Supervisory Committee (6 years) Federal Reserve Board Credit Union.20 Hrs./Month
Audited Credit Union loan portfolio for accuracy and completeness.
Audited for adherence to Credit Union lending policies.
Audited for account balances
Met, interviewed, and interfaced with outside consultants and Credit Union Staff.

Elected Audit Committee, Rocky Mountain Credit Union, Helena, MT June 2012

Elected (twice) Division Representative to Federal Reserve Board Employee Committee

Liaison to the Division of Consumer Affairs, (January 1977 to December 1977)
Co-ordinated efforts of senior division officers of the Divisions of Consumer Affairs and Bank Supervision and Regulation to ensure uniformity of examination policies and procedures of State member banks.

Assistant Bank Examiner, (July 1974 to August 1977)
Analyzed multifaceted proposals for the formation or expansion of U.S. and Foreign Banks and Bank Holding Companies.
Prepared Memorandum to the Board of Governors detailing analysis, issues and made recommendations to the Board of Governors for disposition.
Assessed and analyzed the quality and adequacy of bank capital, assets, management, earnings and liquidity.
Thorough knowledge of applicable Federal Banking regulations.
Reviewed and analyzed loan financing. Financial projections.
Reviewed Reports of Examination and analyzed Reports of Condition.
Analyzed and reviewed non-bank activities of U.S. Bank Holding Companies.
Prepared studies on banking and non-banking activities.
Trained and mentored new employees
Organized and lead research teams for Senior management

Department of the Interior, (January 1974 to July 1974), U.S. Government, Washington, D.C. Auditor 40Hrs/Wk.
Financial and Property Audits, made one very large find
Audited for adequacy and effectiveness of internal controls, adherence to policies and procedures, accuracy and reliability of financial and managerial reports
Worked with senior State Department of Natural Resources officers
Reported to senior Staff within the Department of the Interior Office of the Secretary.

Eastern Rock Products. Inc. Utica, N.Y., (July 1972 to May 1973), Accountant- Construction Division 40Hrs/Wk.
Prepared Payroll
Invoiced accounts receivables and voucher accounts payable and approve payments
Job order costing
Prepared Union and Safety reports
Ad Hoc projects

Education
Universita’ di Torino, Facolta' di Economia e Commercio, 1982/1983
George Mason University, M.A. Economics, 1977
George Washington University, MBA, Finance, 1973
George Washington University, B.B.A., Major: Finance, 1971

International Bank Examiner’s School, 1978
Consumer Affairs School for Examiners, 1977
Senior Bank Examiner’s School, 1977
SKILLS Knowledge of Excel, Word, Outlook, Internet, SAP, Project
Management.
Successfully Completed DFAS Training Course through MVCC

Contact this candidate
