
Richard G. Ramirez
P.O. Box ******
Chula Vista, CA 91921

Objective:
Career in Estimator, Production Manager, or Sub-Contract Administrator in Ship Repair/Ship Building.

Career Profile, includes the following experiences:

Over 40 years of shipbuilding, ship repair, and ship maintenance of US Navy ships, Military Sealift Command (MSC) vessels, US Coast Guard vessels, and commercial vessels.
Utilized technical manuals, NavShips drawings, and NavSea standard items.
Estimated labor hours for inspection, removal, repair/overhaul, testing, and re-installation of shipboard equipment per Work Specifications.
Initiated Request for Clarification (RFC) as required.
Initiated Request for Quotes (RFQ) to Suppliers for procurement of services/materials.
Participated in cost and pricing reviews with management, government, and supply representatives.
Maintains professional work ethic with departments and communicated with production and planning department representatives as necessary.
Completed 4 years Marine Machinist apprenticeship at Hunter’s Point Naval Shipyard.
Worked on New Construction of Nuclear Submarines at Mare Island Naval Shipyard.
Worked at SupShips San Diego as a Machinery Planner and Estimator, Production Controller (Advance Planning-Type Desk), Ship Superintendent for New construction of Supply ships (AOE Class).
Worked over 15 years at Ship Repair Facility, Subic Bay, Philippines as General Foreman Marine Machinist.

Career History:

1. Unemployed Aug. 2018 to present

Southcoast Welding & Manufacturing – Chula Vista, CA Nov. 2017 to Aug, 2018
Machinery Estimator: received and accomplished labor estimates for Work Items to be submitted for Bid for U.S. Navy ships. Read and analyzed drawings and other documents to prepare labor estimates. Developed man-hour estimates based on various shipyard trades involve with inspection, removal, repair, testing, and reinstallation of ship’s equipment. Used Excel spread sheet to formalized labor estimates for submittal to contract department. Worked with different department personnel within the company to establish priorities.

BAE Systems – San Diego Ship Repair April 2014 to September, 2017 Machinery Estimator: received Work Items for U.S. Navy ships (DDG, CG, LHD, LSD, LHA). Provided baseline estimates for various ship’s availability (SRA, DSRA, DPMA). Established work priorities to meet 50%, 80%, and 100% schedule dates. Updated estimates from Craft Review, PM Reviews, and Material. Analyzed drawings and other documentation to prepare time, cost, materials, and labor estimates. Developed man-hour estimates by work item and/or package, for repair, renewal, or modification. Maintained professional work ethic with other department personnel to finalize all Sub-Contractors hours, material, and total cost. Reviewed technical manuals, drawings, NavSea standard items, Federal, state, and local environmental requirement.

Unemployed March 2013 to April 2014
Laid-off due to sequestration with Department of Navy

Propulsion Controls Engineering (PCE), San Diego; Nov. 2011 to March 2013 Estimator/Contracts: developed man-hour and material cost estimates by work item and/or package, for repair, or modification of machinery, piping, and electrical items. Reviewed Request for Quotes (RFQ) from prime contractors. Prioritized in-coming work specifications to meet schedule completion dates. Analyzed proposals to establish cost and price from customers and suppliers. Submitted RFQ to Sub-Contractors for availability of material and cost of work specifications. Computed cost factors and prepared estimates for management in planning, organizing and scheduling of work.

BAE Systems – San Diego Ship Repair February 2008 to Nov. 2011
Machinery Estimator: provided labor hours for work specifications, received and set priorities for in-coming Work Items, coordinated work flow with Program Managers, sub-contractors and material estimators, and was Lead Estimator for LHA class ship.

Hawaii Shipyard, Inc. Honolulu, Hawaii July 2004 to December 2007
Superintendent of Machinist, Mechanics, and Rigging Departments: managed manpower and material to support schedule milestone requirements. Directed trade foremen and assigned the work force for inspection, repair, overhaul, and testing of equipment and systems on US Navy, Coast Guard, Military Sealift Command ships/vessels. Ensure skill level of personnel meets job requirements. Complied with all company’s rules and regulations. Provided guidance on health, safety and environmental requirements. Performed other job duties as assigned by Production Manager.

Education:
Southwestern Community College, Chula Vista, CA
Vallejo Community College, Vallejo, CA
Hunter’s Point Naval Shipyard, Apprenticeship, San Francisco, CA
Computer Literate – Words, Excel

Military:
US Air Force; June 1958 to July 1962
Honorable Discharge; June 1962

Contact this candidate
