
PRATIK CHAUDHARI
Phone: 647-***-****) Email: ac9sg1@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn URL: pratikkumar-chaudhari-6bbba9180
.
Key skills and knowledge areas:
Solid command of technologies, tools and best practices in designing mechanical equipment using AutoCAD, SolidWorks and engineering drawings.
Excellent shop and safety skills honed from work as a machinist and welder. Able to design and fabricate tooling and mechanical test fixtures.
Expertise in Inspection, Production & Re-work of manufacturing process, Machining and Sheet- Metal components, powder coating components.
Strong team collaboration skills. Work closely with team members to achieve engineering goals.
Proficient in the operation of machines (Lathe, Drilling, Milling). EDUCATION
Mechanical Engineering Technology (Industrial), Centennial College, Toronto, ON Sep 2017 –April 2019 Bachelor of Engineering (Mechanical), Gujarat Technology University, India. June 2012-June 2016 Completed Courses in Major:
Solid works, Auto cad, Statics, Dynamics, Engineering Analysis, Mechanics of Materials, Fluid Mechanics, Dynamics of Machinery, Measurement and Instrumentation, Mechanical Engineering Thermodynamics, Quality Assurance, Industrial Processes, Elements of Material Engineering, Machine Design, Mechanical Vibrations, Machine Design, Thermal Systems Laboratory, Heat and Mass Transfer Design Project:
Completed senior project at Amrut Microtech and successfully designed the Ball Mill to increase its life cycle (based on the principle of quality and design).
Successfully designed and constructed a golf ball loader (based on the principle of design)
Constructed a model to generate electricity via steam to operate LED (based on the principle of high pressure piping’s, HVAC and Thermodynamics
Created models using SolidWorks and participated in cross-functional product-development meetings. TECHNICAL SKILLS
Programs: AutoCAD, SolidWorks, MS Project, RS Logix, MS Office Machining and Welding Tools: CNCs, mills, lathes, angle grinders, plasma cutters, oxy-acetylene torches, arc welders, band saws, grinders, shears, drill presses, chop saws, etc. Quality Assurance Tools: Vernier calipers, Micrometers, Six sigma, Height gauge, Bore Gauge etc. WORK EXPERIENCE
Junior Mechanical Engineer at Endeavour-I (Mehsana-India) Aug 2015- July2017 Duties:
Developing 2d and 3d structure of the assembling parts utilizing AutoCAD and Solid works.
Effectively review design documents such as (calculations, models, drawings, reports, specifications)
Reading the engineering drawings of the items and machines on site
Raw material acquisition Documentation and Dispatch handling
Identification, Verification and assessment of crude material
Presenting proposition to customer and provide mechanical design related information
Inspection on layout and monitoring production process under the supervision of senior manager.
Attend site meetings and participation in final reviews of the product.
Making process diagrams, Work instruction reports and Final inspection of products
Ensure that all deliverables requirements met in timely manner.
Participate in quality and operation manager and the quality manager with day to day plant issues. Engineering Intern (Mehsana-India) April 2015-Aug 2015 Duties:
Developing 2d and 3d structure of the assembling parts utilizing AutoCAD and Solid works.
Effectively review design documents such as (calculations, models, drawings, reports, specifications)
Reading the engineering drawings of the items and machines on site
Raw material acquisition Documentation and Dispatch handling Certification and Training
Training in welding and inspection (Oil and Natural Gas Corporation)
Training in fabrication process (Oil and Natural Gas Corporation)
Completion of certificate course in Auto cad and Solid works (Kaizen Institute)
Competed WHIMS training during the internship period (Endeavour –I)
Training of Six sigma and Kaizen (Endeavour –I).

Contact this candidate
