
TRI DUC MANPOWER DEVELOPMENT & CONSTRUCTION
JOINT STOCK COMPANY
(TRI DUC MDC., JSC)
Tri Duc Manpower Development and Construction JSC
Establishment & Introduction
Manpower Availability For
Following Sectors:
Factory/ Manufacturing
Construction
Security Guards
Hotel & Restaurants
Garment & Textiles
Medical & Para Medical
Cleaning/ Janitorial
Furniture and Trading
Transportation
Maintenance & Services
Information Technology
Office Administration
Plantation
Agriculture
Beauty, salon, spa
We, warmly welcome to Tri Duc Manpower Development & Construction JSC, the most professional and reliable manpower recruitment agency based in central Hanoi, Vietnam and are licensed No. 401/LDTBXH-GP by the Ministry of Labour, Invalids and Social Affairs of Vietnam for sending Vietnamese manpower to work overseas.
Our core objective is to facilitate the services of Vietnamese workforce worldwide by accessing employment opportunities for them.
Having well established by experienced and dedicated HR professionals who all have over 15 years of experience in big corporations in Vietnam, we have the expertise to source whatever positions required.
Our main office is located in the central of Hanoi city, within a 30- minute drive distance from the Noi Bai International Airport. The main office comprises of 10 full time experienced and dedicated professionals and in-house testing facilities with all modern equipment. In addition, we have a recruitment network nationwide. Our recruitment process starts by sending our job requirements to our recruitment network with detailed explanation about the positions, job description, salary, overtime, ect. Once interested candidates come up, we first conduct brief interviews, provide consultation and then gather them to Hanoi for official interview, medical check and for deployment. Our success is based solidly on the ability to understand clients’ manpower needs, and together with our highly qualified staff, we are able to perform sourcing personnel of best quality to meet and exceed the clients’ expectation.
We have supplied hundreds of thousands of Vietnamese manpower with highly skilled as Doctors, Engineers; semi-skilled as Operators, Welders, Fitters, Plumbers, Masons, Carpenters, Furniture Carpenters, Electricians, Nurses, Site Supervisors, Beauticians, Heavy Drivers; and unskilled as Security Guards, Construction labor, Factory, helpers, Cleaners, Housemaids, and others also available to Malaysia, Slovakia, Kuwait, Dubai, Qatar, Singapore, Saudi Arabia, Japan, Czech Republic, Cyprus, Romania, Poland, Bulgaria, Ukraine, Russia, Spain, UAE. Tri Duc Manpower Development and Construction JSC
1
GOAL
To facilitate services of Vietnamese
workforce worldwide by accessing
employment opportunities for them;
To provide our clients with good
Vietnamese manpower;
To open opportunities for the
Vietnamese to work overseas and
generate a sustainable source of
income for their dependents
OBJECTIVES
to act as a BRIDGE between the
employers/agents and the workers
to act as a MENTOR between the
employers/agents and the workers
CUSTOMIZED RECRUITMENT
METHODOLOGY
Our recruitment methodology is
customized as per the needs of
employers with an aim to full satisfaction
of our clients.
Abilities & Workforce
We have a pool of experienced, highly qualified and dedicated staffs and experts, a recruitment network nationwide, and in-house testing facilities with all modern equipment, which enables us to provide you with good Vietnamese manpower. We provide services, consultation 24/7, and 365/year. We are equipped with all necessary communication amenities, sufficient office space, training institute, travel agency and medical center. Our management team comprises of experienced and dedicated Human Resources professionals with over 15 years of experiences in big corporations in Vietnam.
Our Strengths
Our strength lies in our pool of experienced, dedicated and qualified staffs who are always ready to work as much as twice to ensure clients’ needs are met to the utmost. Our strength also lies in our ability to quickly mobilize workers via our nationwide recruitment network. With the aim of providing professional and best services to our employers, we have implemented a quality control plan and strategy:
- Workers are pre-screened (including face to face interview) at our Human Resources Department. HRD maintains Bio Data Bank, in which updated information of applicants is kept.
- Workers are tested and graded to see if they are qualified to perform the tasks as required;
- Language Training is delivered to the workers where necessary;
- Workers are clarified on the nature of jobs and the details of salary structure;
- Refresher Training are conducted as required by the employer Tri Duc Manpower Development and Construction JSC
- Pre-Departure Orientation training to the workers will be carried out few days prior to the departure. This orientation focuses on reminding the job, job responsibilities, salary, payment system of the
company, thorough discussion on employment
contract paper, information of the company,
country, cultural information, do's and don'ts,
adaptation strategies, working and cultural shocks they might encounter during the first three months, information of personal safety, airport procedures etc,
Our Responsibilities
1. To supply employer with a maximum number of pre-screened, quality applicants 2. Arrange interviews for the employer (interview revenue, interviewees, ect) 3. Conduct interviews on behalf of the employers if requested 4. Perform all necessary procedures to make workers ready for departure 5. To deliver complete set of bio data with required documents the employer by given deadline.
6. Acknowledge communication from the employer and respond in a prompt and efficient manner.
7. Promptly notify employer of any changes in locations, contact numbers of office.
8. Promptly notify the employer any changes in
government policies and procedures.
9. To mobilize workers within the given deadline by the employer. Notify employer prior to the workers’ admission.
10. Cooperate and assist employer in every events of recruitment.
11. Assist employer to resolve in the event of misunderstanding, dispute and disagreement between the employer and workers.
12. Explain the workers true information about the work and salary. Tri Duc Manpower Development and Construction JSC
Responsibilities of Employer/ Recruiting Agent
1. Provide us with detailed job description for required positions, including information on job title, description of duties, salary, job location, working hours per day, working days in a week, accommodation facilities, food facilities, overtime facilities, insurance facilities, medical facilities, leave benefits, transportation and other major terms and conditions of employment contract. 2. Confirm us with the total hiring goal, required number of workers, date of interview or deadline to deliver bio data. 3. Provide necessary recruitment documents with necessary attestation from required government authorities to meet the Labour Department formalities to obtain pre-permission and final permission to mobilize the workers.
4. Confirm us by providing pay slips of the workers of first month to ensure that hired workers are placed in the same company and position confirmed to them in the employment contract paper. 5. Timely update us on the developments on recruitment program such as information upon submission for visa, name list of workers those application is submitted for visa, expected date of release of visa, date to admit workers.
Manpower Availability
- BUILDING CONSTRUCTION: Construction Managers, Project Managers, Project Engineers, Estimators, Quantity Surveyors, Land Surveyors, Building Surveyors, QA/QC Engineers, Site Engineers, Foremen, Inspectors, Painters, Electricians, Mechanics, HVAC Technicians, Masons, Carpenters, Steel Fixers, Welders, Construction Labors, Technicians, Operators, Building Maintenance workers and others
- ALUMINIUM & GLASS: Engineers, Aluminum Designers/Draftsmen, Aluminum Estimators, Aluminum Installers/Fabricators, CNC Machine Operators, Glass Cutters/Installers, Glass Technicians/Operators and others
- PETROLEUM: Facilities Engineers, Process Engineers, Procurement Officers, Estimators, Electrical Specialists VFD, Materials Coordinators, Piping Engineers, Mechanical Supervisors, Materials & Welding Engineers, Field Operators, Gas, Measurement Engineers, Inspection Engineers, Corrosion Engineers, Maintenance Engineers, Lab Technicians, NDT Technicians, Well Site Geologists.
- FURNITURE FACTORIES: Furniture Carpenters, CNC Machine Operators, Furniture Painters and others
- METAL AND STEEL: Fabricators, Welders, Installers, Machinist, CNC Machine Operators and others
- HEAVY EQUIPMENT: Mechanic, Drivers, Operators, Maintenance, etc.
- HOTEL, SCHOOL AND RESTAURANT: Hotel Staff, Waitress/Waiters, Cooks, Bartenders, Baristas, Pastry Chefs, Housekeepers, Cleaners, Security Guards, Catering staffs and others.
- HOSPITAL AND MEDICAL STAFF: Doctors, Nurses, Caregivers, Pharmacists, Med. Techs, Dentists, Lab. Techs, X-ray Techs and others
- TEXTILE & GARMENT: Modeler, sewer, tailor, cutter, fashion designer and others Tri Duc Manpower Development and Construction JSC
OUR
MAIN
CLIENT
LIST
Tri Duc Manpower Development and Construction JSC
NO. NAME LIST OF OUR CLIENTS COUNTRIES INDUSTRIES REMARKS QATAR CLIENTS
1 - Butec Doha, Qatar Mason, carpenter, steel
fixer, pipe fitter...
2 - Ramco Qatar Marble fixers, Ceramic
fixers
3 - Al Hazeq Qatar Construction workers,
guards
4 - SEG Qatar Construction workers
5 - Masa Qatar Construction workers
6 - Al Saad Qatar Construction workers
7 - Zublin Qatar
Masons, Tile Fixers,
Plasterers, Marble, and
Ceramic Fixers...
8 - Mushrif Trading & Contracting
Co., Qatar Pipe welders
9 - Online Manpower Co. w.l.l.l Qatar Scaffolding workers 10 - Al Forsan Recruiting Qatar Drivers
11 - Qerat Trading and Contracting Qatar Construction workers UAE CLIENTS
1 - Saint-Gobain Gyproc
Mussafah,
Abu Dhabi,
UAE
Painters
2 - Hiba manpower service UAE Masons, Steel Fixers 3 - White Horse Manpower services Dubai, UAE General workers 4 Noor Labour Recruitment ( Al
Bustan Area, Ajman, UAE). UAE
5 - Bourouge Manpower Supply Dubai, UAE General workers 6 M&A Ladies Beauty Center.
7 - China State Construction
Engineering Corp. UAE Construction workers
8 - Hyundai E&C Co. Ltd UAE Construction workers
9 - ... UAE
KUWAIT CLIENTS
1 - Combined Group Contracting
Company Kuwait 3G - 6G Welders
2 - Al Nassar manpower agency
(Kuwait) Kuwait Cleaners & helpers
3 - United Nafis Co. Kuwait
Masons, Tile Fixers,
Plasterers, shuttering
carpenter,dump track
driver, construction driver,
foreman
4 - Aj,ad Faisal al- Thuwainy
(Kuwait) Kuwait Construction drivers
5 - Al Aman manpower office
(Kuwait) Kuwait Crane operators
6 - Joza Al Matayri manpower
(Kuwait) Kuwait Construction workers
7 Adyard Abu Ahabi L.L.C Kuwait
8 Road Building Trading and
Contracting W.L.L Kuwait
SAUDI ARABIA CLIENTS
1 - Al-Askar Trading Est., Dammam,
KSA
Mason, mable fixer,
ceramic fixer
2 - Al-Humyin Transportation Est., Dammam,
KSA
Steel fixer, pipe fitter,
welder
3 - Wadi Alartawia For Transport Est., Al Khobar,
KSA Crane operators
4 - Abdul Aziz Sulaiman Al-Qashami
& Partners Transporting Co.,
Al Khobar,
KSA Forklift drivers
5
- Saud Habbas AlHarbi Group
Trading Transport Contracts
Limousine
Saudi Arabia Construction workers
6
- Al-Osais, Abdul Hameed H. Abdul
Kareem Partners Transportation Co.
LTD.
Dammam, Al
Khobar and
Riyadh -
Saudi Arabia.
Arc/ Tig/ Mig welders
7 - Al-Fahad For Transporting Est., Saudi Arabia Construction workers 8 - Al-Derbas Roads & Maintenance
Co. LTD., Saudi Arabia General worker
9 - Global IWI Arabia Company –
Jubail, KSA
Dammam,
KSA General worker
10 - Seder Group Trading &
Contracting Co., Riyadh, KSA
Riyadh,
Saudi Arabia Construction workers
11 - Lebasan Modern construction Co.,
Riyadh, KSA. Saudi Arabia Construction workers
12
- Abdul Aziz Sulaiman Al –
Qashami & Partners Transporting
Co.,
Riyadh
, KSA. Family Drivers
13 - Abdul Hameed H.Abdul Kareem
Partners Transportation Co. LTD.,
Dammam,
KSA.
Light truck drivers, fork lift
drivers
14 - AHK – Transportation Est., Dammam,
KSA. Drivers
15 - Manwa Trading & Contracting
Co.,
Riyadh,
Saudi Arabia Construction workers
LIBYA CLIENTS
1 - Renaissance (Tripoli) Libya Construction workers 2 - Angka (Tripoli & Anphatal) Libya Construction workers 3 Impregilo (University Mitsurata) Libya & Italy Mason, carpenter, steel fixer, pipe fitter etc
Engineering &
Construction
MALAYSIA CLIENTS
1 - Vista Point Technologies (M) Sdn
Bhd
Selangor DE,
Malaysia Production Operator
Electronics
Manufacturing
2 - Canon Opto (Malaysia) SDN.
BHD.
Selangor
Darul Ehsan,
Malaysia
Production Operator
3 - Asahi Best Base Sdn. Bhd. (ABB)
Kulim Kedah
Darulaman,
Malaysia
Production Operator
Wire Harness
/ Cable
Assembly
4 - Permintex Furukawa Autoparts
Malaysia Sdn Bhd
Kedah Darul
Aman,
Malaysia
Production Operator
Automotive
wire harness,
Instrument
Panel, Child
Part, Mold
Maker
5 - Sinwah Industries Berhad
(Malaysia)
Johor Darul
Takzim,
Malaysia
Apparel manufacturer
Textile &
garment
manufacturing
6 - Guocera Tile Industries Sdn Bhd
Johor Darul
Takzim,
Malaysia
Factory production Porcelain &
ceramic tiles
7 - Corlite Packaging Industries Sdn.
Bhd.
Klang,
Selangor,
Malaysia
Production Operator Corrugated
Plastic Sheets
8 - Ericson (M) Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Production Operator Electronics Manufacturing
9 - Flextronics Technology (Malaysia)
Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Production Operator
Electronics
Manufacturing
10 - Fuji Electric (M) Sdn Bhd Malaysia Production Operator Electronics Manufacturing
11 - Hitachi Electronic Products (M)
Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Production Operator
Electronics
Manufacturing
12 - Hualon Corporation (M) Sdn Bhd Malaysia Production Operator TAIWAN CLIENTS
1 - Duc Tuong Taiwan General worker
2 - Cao Dinh Taiwan General worker
3 - Hao Thai Taiwan General worker
BRUNEI CLIENTS
1 - Jati Freedom Textile Sdn Bhd Brunei General worker 2 - KBA Construction and Trading
Sdn Bhd Brunei Construction worker
3 - Tang Seng Lee Construction Sdn
Bhd Brunei General worker
4 - Coska Construction Sdn Bhd Brunei Contruction workers 5 - Setia Precast Construction Sdn
Bhd Brunei
Construction & General
workers
LEGAL DOCUMENTS
PROCEDURE OF RECRUITMENT
DEMAND
ORDER
CONFIRMATION
NOT
Confirmed
Information to recruitment
network
Confirmed
END
Recruitment Documents
Advertisement of the Order in the
Different channels
Once receives the duly
attested recruitment
documents.
Screening of the Candidates
Dispatch of the bio-data & Medical
(Via email, Fax or courier whichever applicable)
Upon receipt of the
documents, Employer must
apply for the visa and send us
the visa (via email, fax,
courier whichever applicable)
Visa Received
Arrange to dispatch workers
Ticketing is done at the same
time and we inform the
company about the departure
date of the workers.
ORIENTATION
AFTER SALES SERVICES MOBILIZATION
Tri Duc Manpower Development and Construction JSC
CONTACT INFORMATION :
Head office : 218 Hoang Ngan street, Trung Hoa
ward, Cau Giay district, Ha Noi city, Viet Nam
Rep office:No. E26-X4 - Khu tai dinh cu, Mai Dich
ward, Cau Giay district, Ha Noi city, Viet Nam
Tel: +84-4-66556223
Fax: +84-4-37586016
Email:ac9u47@r.postjobfree.com
Website: http://triducmdc.com.vn
Personnel contact
Mr. Le +84-983******
Ms. Kim +84-976******
Tri Duc Manpower Development and Construction JSC

Contact this candidate
