
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
KEVIN CASHMER
**** *. ****** ***.
Peoria, Illinois 61603
309-***-**** CELL
Aditi Staffing/ Caterpillar
Machine Electrical and Electronic Subsystems
ITDD Machine and Machine Systems
Standard Design Technician III
Tech Manager Steven T. Ufheil
Prototype laboratory designs
Requirements are the ability to interpret prototype designs from engineering concept to physical reality.
Direct interaction with the engineering department. The ability to work from full scale form prints cross referenced from engineering prints.
Cutting,terminating,twisting,splicing,wire to specifications. Preparation of cable to specifications.
Identification of correct connectors of various kinds. Absolute accuracy of assembly,continuity testing.
Circuit labeling and specified surface finnishing. BOB CAT MAN COMPANY NORTH PEKIN IL
General contract work.
Demolition Rebuild Remodel
Heavy Equipment operator 5/1/14- current
Primary responsibility:
Carpentry, electrical, plumbing, concrete work, snow removal and painting. Operated bob cat as well as
directed and assisted with all aspects of contract specifications.
WEST STAFF EDELSTINE IL
Contracting for International Supply Company
General Labor 12/27/2013-4/30/2014
Primary Responsibilities:
Steel wall enclosure construction for larger
generators for use by companies such as Amazon and Microsoft. Used shears, press brakes, air operated tools and input computer programming parameters for computerized equipment.
Worked multiple departments which required
flexibility with ability to quickly learn and adjust to new procedures and surroundings to be versatile and an asset to company and coworkers. Departs included sheet metal, assembly, prep and shipping.
WRIGHT TREE SERVICE INC. AMEREN ILLINOIS
Tree Trimmer T-1 Des Moines, IA. 10/03/2012-05/17/2013 Primary Responsibilities:
The safe removal of vegetation from live high
voltage power supply lines to prevent power
outages. Work was performed by the operation and
maintenance of a sixty foot boom truck. Job
involved manual climbing which is extremely
physical and dangerous.
A strong mechanical aptitude is required.
The extremely hazardous nature of the job requires certification by the American Red Cross for Adult
First Aid/CPR/AED.
State of Illinois Chemical Operators License.
THE PINNACLE ADVISORY GROUP Peoria, IL.
03/09/2011-08/24/2012 at MATCOR MANUFACTURING
Press Brake/Spot-weld Operator
Primary Responsibilities:
The formation of individual automotive and
construction parts to blueprint prescribed
tolerances by the operation of computer numeric
controlled press brake as well as the correct
placement spot-weld of parts to blueprint
prescribed tolerances.
KELLY SERVICES INC/HALLMARK CARDS Metamora, IL
11/30/11-02/23/12
Production Machine Operator
Assignment: Hallmark Cards in order to secure a
contract with Wal-Mart was required to do one
year’s production in three months. This was
accomplished.
Primary Responsibilities:
Safe operation of vacuum form plastic system.
High speed CNC robotic parts cutter. Pneumatic
parts assembler. Automated CNC sonic welder.
Various auto assembly machines, packing and
shipping.
BEELMAN AGRICULTURAL SERVICE East ST Louis, IL
07/15/2010-10/15 2010
Subcontractor to Nestle Foods
Harvest Loading Operator
Primary Responsibilities:
Heavy equipment operator during harvest.
Live loading of semi-tractors, dumpcarts, and
various harvest equipment.
Responsible for basic maintenance and fueling of
equipment.
Maintained continuous safety and operational
communication between operators. Responsible for
transportation of heavy equipment from site to
site.
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY SERVICES,INC. Peoria, IL.
11/2004-01/2009 contracted to CATERPILLAR.
Maintenance Technician II
Primary Responsibilities:
Predictive, preventive and corrective
maintenance of plant wide automated storage
retrieval systems. Focus on numerous types of
automated cranes, conveyor systems, elevators,
transfers and associated computerized
communications support systems.
Maintain industrial heat treat furnaces,
endothermic generators, quenching systems and all
peripheral support systems. CNC machine repair of
production equipment primarily mechanical with
limited electrical.
ALCAST Peoria IL 01/200*-**-****
CNC Machinist
Primary Responsibilities:
Operated various multi-axis computer numeric
machines. Quality tested material for prescribed
tolerances. Quality testing was done by means of
Computerized Mechanical Measuring equipment.
Prepared product for distribution and shipping.
MULTAX CORPORATION 04/2001-01/2003
Maintenance Mechanic Morton, IL
Primary Responsibilities:
Perform the distribution, recovery, reclamation
and monitoring of fluids and solids resource.
Operation of the Samsco Water Evaporator and
maintenance (including EPA records). I was
responsible for the automation of this piece of
equipment. Monitor the oils levels in all
machines, daily record usage and identify excess
usage. Sample oil as scheduled, change out and
operate filter unit. Support preventive
maintenance and machine projects.
GRAINLAND COOPERATIVE Eureka, IL 1998-2001
Pit Crew Supervisor
Primary Responsibilities:
Maintenance and operation of all systems.
Unloading grain shipments and monitoring systems.
Maintaining automated industrial grain conveyor.
NICHOLS TILLAGE TOOLS INC. Bloomington, IL.1996-1998 Electronic Order Specialist
Primary Responsibilities:
Shipping and receiving UPS online. Warehouse
inventory control. Customer Service. Forklift
Operation
FONTENOT TRADING POST Holden, LA 1994-1996
Ranch Hand
Primary Responsibilities:
Care of Bison, longhorn steer and white-tailed
deer. I was responsible for equipment maintenance
and grounds keeper as well as conduct Cultural
lecturers.
KEVIN JAMES CASHMER
1411 E. London Ave.
Peoria, Illinois. 61603
309-***-**** cell
SUMMARY
Well organized, results oriented professional with proven management skills in the service and
manufacturing fields. I have experience planning and implementation of programs within union and non-union environments. I can effectively motivate and direct employees as well as in work with staff to take a
proactive approach to a wide range of issues. Specific strengths in:
•
Affirmative Action and EEO
•
Diversity Awareness
•
Team Building
•
Organizational Development and Training
•
Performance Management
•
Supervisory Skills
•
Customer Service
SIGNIFICANT ACCOMPLISHMENTS
HUMAN RESOURCES
•
Implemented orientation for newly hired employees
•
Reduced the employee turn-over by creating a
positive employee environment and improved
communication.
TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT
•
Developed and implemented employee training with
emphasis on quality and customer satisfaction
through teamwork.
•
Conducted performance assessments to ensure company standards were met.
MANAGEMENT/SUPERVISION
•
Projected weekly sales to order inventory.
•
Developed and strategically planned efforts to
increase sales. Repeatedly improved sales which
required division of territory to maintain proper
service levels.
•
Maintain manpower levels to meet daily workload
requirements.
•
Set goals and exceeded company set goals in labor
cost, repairs cost, inventory budgets, health scores and sales.

Contact this candidate
