
MohammedAl Fudhaily

Address:Dammam, Saudi Arabia
Email: ac9v4a@r.postjobfree.com
Phone : 059*******

Profile
I am a HSE Manager with total of more than 15 years’ experience

Professional Development

Mechanical Machinist II– (5 years)
Job Responsibilities: handling all rotating, mechanical equipment for maintenance, overhauling and minor jobs as aligning and lubricating.(Saudi ARAMCO)

Fire Fighter- (three years)
Job Responsibilities: put off fires, rescuing harmed people and also dealing with the fire tools equipment. This was in the first year then I specialized to inspect the fire equipment located in job sites. In the third and last year I was qualified to train the voluntaries and new employees in all subjects related to the fire fighters duties.(Saudi Electric Co. – SCECO)

Operation Supervisor (two years)
Job Responsibilities: dealing with the daily issues, planning for the projects man power covering, interview the new employees with the evaluations and the position suited as per his experience and certificates. (NESMA Security)

Safety Supervisor(16 months)
Job Responsibilities: monitoring and assessing hazardous and unsafe situations and developing measures to assure personnel and property safety. Reporting accidents and near misses. (ALMAJDOUIE group contracted with SABIC – PETROKEMYA)

HSSEQ Supervisor (three years)
Job Responsibilities: SHEMS coordinator (Safety Health Environment Management System) plus the HSSEQ supervisor normal responsibilities. (S.A.Talke contracted with SoLa SABIC)

HSSEQ Senior Safety Supervisor (12 months)
In charge of Manager Position: all safety, quality and security related issues directly with the client (SAUDI KAYAN)

Currently HSSE Manager of Department

Dealing with all Safety, Health, and Environment plus security daily related issues.
Directly involved with (MODON) Government authority in 2nd industrial city, Dammam.
Follow up with fire service suppliers, PPEs suppliers.
Preparing price quotations for related requirements.
Preparing PME certificate and requirements for operation certificate renewal.( General Authority of Meteorology & Environmental )
Prepare and conduct agenda for SCM monthly. ( safety committee meeting )
Maintain PTM procedure compliance. ( permit to work )
Maintain first aid center compliance.
Maintain hazardous waste management compliance.
(Welspun Middle East Pipe Manufacturing & Pipe Coating)

Goals

Implementation of HSSE procedure
Compliance all audits (internal & external)
Target all old findings & NCR and address them
Aim for ZERO NCR in future.
Arrange Mock drill on regular basis
Maintain hazardous Waste Management.

Reduction of LTI's
Find out the new development to treat minor injury in Plant facility.
Educate employees to avoid injuries at work place.

Safety First
Reduction of risk level in work place
Compliance of fire protection system
ZERO harm
Standardization of PPE's in ground.

Developments & Training's
Conduct safety training programs, certain man hours per month
Development of emergency plan's

Skills and Strengths

A.Leading by example
B.Creativity
C.Adaptability
D.Tenacity
E.Experienced in problem solving
F.Hazard Identification.
G.Excellent communication
H.Work effectively both as team member and independently
I.Able to develop and introduce new client- Centre team approach
J.Microsoft Office – word, excel, access and power point
K.Negotiation and persuasion
L.Leadership
M.Ability to work under pressure
N.Planning and Organizing
O.Analyzing & Investigation
P.Have a good relationship with many safety equipment’s suppliers.
Q.Heavy Driving license available
R.First aid certified

Education
2001-2002, MANARAT AlSHARQYAH
I graduated from MANARAT ALSHARQYAH high school in Dammam scientific specialization.

Certificates
NEBOSH: National Examination Board in Occupational Safety and Health
OSHA: Occupational Safety and Health Administration
First Aider: Saudi Red Crescent Authority.
Fire Fighter & Fire equipment’s Inspector: Saudi Electrical Co.
Work Permit Issuer & Receiver: Saudi Aramco.

References
Available upon request.

Good English speaker.
Good Computer skills.

Contact this candidate
