
M ichael Giovanni Javier Ong

San Raymundo Ramos, Ramos
Tarlac, Philippines 4103
Mobile No.: +639*********

Email Add: m ac9w4t@r.postjobfree.com

WORK EXPER I ENCE:

D ocument Controller

Technical Support Service Dept.

Dec-2013 to Present

Kentz KSA L td. – SNC Lavalin Group

Al-khobar Eastern Province

J ob Description:

Receive and submit the document.
• Distribute the document to the authorized personnel and parties.
• Maintain the Master document list for incoming and outgoing files.
• Secure the intellectual property and Company Confidential Information.
• Submit the Project Record Book to Company and t ransfer it to Central File after
Job close-out.

• Report to the Department manager for Project and Client Correspondence.

• Maintains all manpower insurance card update.

• Maintain the documents direction with pdf copies of correspondence
documents including letters, correspondence mail, and minutes of meeting
( MOM) and records of the conversation (ROC)
• To facilitate the f low of project information among members of the project
team. To captures and preserves all significant information in the project
f iles.

Technical Document Controller

Mechanical Department

June-2012 to June-2013 (1 Yr.)

Daelim Corp.

Isocyanates Project. Sadara, Jubail KSA

Job Description:

• Receive and submit the document.
• Dist ribute the document to the authorized personnel and parties.
• Maintain the master document list.
• Secure the intellectual property and Company Confidential Information.
• Submit the Project Record Book to Company and t ransfer i t to Central File after
Job close-out

• Facilitate the f low of project information among members of the project team.

To captures and preserves all significant information in the project files.

I nventory Clerk
P roduction Department

JARO Dev. Corp. (JDC Meat Products)

Agricultural / Animal / Live Stock

Imus Cavite Philippines

Job Description:

• Always make sure that all daily reports are submitted. Checking all the
availability of consumable products and service stocks, Good stock must
a lways maintain for those fast moving. Records and updates Tools and
Equipment’s.

• Proper compilations of all documents - consumables, production Reports,
d istribution Reports attachments forms Purchase orders with copy of
p urchase receipt and Purchase returns from suppliers. DIR with SHC RR and
DR attachments from supplier.

• Transfer price notice.

• Accurately reconcile the ending balance of stocks vs Daily Inventory Report.

• Assuring the daily orderliness of stocks and accuracy of Finished Good
Warehouse Inventory.

• Overseeing the stock level of consumables i tems in storage room.

Document Controller / Office Clerk

Sept-2008 to Sept-2010 (2 yrs.)

Steel Tower Est.
M anufacturing / Production

Jeddah Saudi Arabia

Job Description:

Compiles and records production data for industrial establishment to prepare records and
reports on volume of production, consumption of raw material, quality control, and other
aspects of production, performing any combination of following duties: Compiles and records
p roduction data from such documents as customer orders, work t ickets, product
specifications, and individual-worker production sheets, following prescribed recordkeeping
p rocedures.

Machine Operator

Sept-2009 to Sept 2010 (1 yrs.)

Sun Tower Corp.

Manufacturing / Production

Jeddah KSA

Operating machine for draw line hot and cold rebar’s Producing Machine. Product line
quality inspections. Forklift and Overhead Crane Operating (Due to lack of manpower).

Administrative Clerk

Feb 2007 - Aug 2008 (1.5 yrs.)

DCDP Magnolia Chicken Dressing Plant
M anufacturing / Production

Tabuating Nueva Ecija

Job Description:

Clerical works and mostly monitoring of production stocks. and reporting to the general
manager.

PRODUCTION STAFF

Jul 2003 - Dec 2003 (0.4 yrs.)

Euro- med medical industries Corp.

Manufacturing / Production

Silang Cavite Philippines

Production dept.

Job Description:

Packaging and inspection of finished products.

End L ine Machine Operator

Jun 2003 - Apr 2005 (1.8 yrs.)

Puyat Steel Corp.

Manufacturing / Production

Batangas City, Philippines

Exit L ine Area

Operation of Continuous Galvanizing L ine for Steel Plain zinc coated Sheets.at the
end line Area for finished products.
Assisting Head Line Machine operators for dispatching and inspections of finished
p roducts.

Daily Housekeeping after Works.

Warehouse Clerk / Warehouseman

Jan 2002 - Feb 2003 (1.0 yrs.)

Metro Lab Industries (Sara Lee Phil.)

Manufacturing / Production

Gateway Bus. Park Javalera Cavite Philippines

Warehouse

Job Descriptions:

• Assist shipping and receiving, unloading t rucks, checking in merchandise,
matching purchase orders to sales orders and distributing to sales associates for
p rocessing.

• Reading customer orders, work orders, shipping orders, or requisitions to
determine i tems to be moved, gathered, or distributed and/or shipped.

• Moving materials and i tems from receiving or storage areas to shipping or to
other designated areas.

• Sorting and placing materials or i tems on racks, shelves, or in bins according to
p redetermined sequence such as size, type, style, color, or product code.
• F illing requisitions, work orders, or requests for materials, tools, or other stock
i tems and distributes i tems to shipping or to designated route driver storage area.

• Ensuring warehouse is accessible and safe for salespeople and customer t raffic.

• Assembling customer orders from stock and places orders on pallets or shelves, or
relocating orders to a holding area or shipping department.

• Marking materials with identifying information using appropriate method.

• Opening bales, crates, and other containers.

• Recording amounts of materials or i tems received or distributed via appropriate
computer program.

• Assisting in counting of physical inventory.

• Weighing and counting i tems for distribution within plant to ensure conformance
to company standards.

• Completing requisition forms to order supplies from other departments.

• Preparing parcels for mailing.
• Sweeping, dusting, and mopping.

• Organizing warehouse and work area for orderliness at all times.

• Wearing the proper safety equipment.

ED UCAT ION:

E ducation Level: Bachelor's / College Degree

Education Field: Computer Science/Information Technology

Course: Computer programming and system analyst and design

School/University: A MA Computer Learning Center

Location: Bacoor Cavite

Date: J un 1997 - Apr 1999

SKIL LS

Skill Yrs. of Experience Remarks

1. Microsoft Excel proficiency 3

2. Document Controller 5 Clerical and encoding of warehouse and delivery
documents.

3. Forklift Operations 2 Industrial uses only.
TRAIN INGS/SEMINARS

Date Topic/Course Ti tle

Nov 14, 2011- Dec 5, 2011 E nglish Proficiency NC1 (TESDA)

Power Skills Technical Center

I mus, Cavite.

Oct 27, 2005- Oct 28, 2005 Q MS ( Quality Management System )

Puyat Steel Corporation

Rosario, Batangas, Philippines

Oct 25, 2005- Oct 26, 2005 I SO 14001 : 2004 EMS (Environment Management System)

Puyat Steel Corporation

Rosario, Batangas, Philippines

AVAI LABLE DOCUMENTS

Passport

Number: EB 9699945 Expiry Date: Nov. 11,2018

Place of Issue: Manila Philippines Date of Issue: Nov. 11, 2013

PERSONAL DATA

Age: 36

Date of Bir th: A ug 29, 1977

Gender: M ale
C ivil Status: Single

Height: 165.14 cm

Weight: 68 kg

Nationality: F ilipino

Religion: Christianity - Others

Contact this candidate
