
Profile Overview
Mechanical assembler and machinist having more than 11 year well experience in valves and pump assembly, testing and operating of all type of conventional and CNC machines. Working with multinational company, well knew work culture, safety systems and 5s processes.

Profile Description
Directly reporting to the Workshop Supervisor and undertook the role of Senior valve Technician. The ideal candidate qualified in a mechanical assembler discipline and have good fitting and mechanical skills. Familiar with Valves and pumps in assembly, testing and repairing. Having competent in Pumps and valve, Good oral, written and interpersonal skills and operating of latest Computer system .Also having hands on experience in machining of valve an pump components mechanical engineering industry, and build a specialist career.

Key Responsibilities
üResponsible to complete full mechanical strip downs of valves, actuators and pumps, ancillary equipment.
üResponsible to create and submit detailed strip and inspection reports
üResponsible for completion of detailed build reports with traceability in valve route card for each valve.
üResponsible to assemble with valves the actuator and their setting.
üResponsibility of carrying out repairs in line with instructions
üAssembling and Hydro testing of valves, rotor balancing for pumps as per testing procedure / internal standards.
üResponsible to follow the written work instructions/ process.
üResponsible to carry out all general servicing, repair, refurbishment and troubleshooting at shop and field.
üResponsibility for the Health and Safety and all standard procedure in line with current legislation in work area.
üWhen necessary, involving in goods inventory management and its process.
üCapability to operate the crane Lifting and slings.

Machinist
üConventional Vertical Turning Lathe (VTL)
üSurface grinding.
üCNC VTL
üAchieving the shift targets.
üHandling of measuring instruments & equipment.

Work Experiences

1
AMPO VALVES INDIA (P) LTD
Technician – Assembly and Testing
Oct 2016 to Till Now
2
LT valves (Contract )
Technician – Assembly and Testing /Machinist/wedge matching.
Oct 2015 to Sep 2016
3
PENTAIR VALVES & CONTROLS, SHARJHA.
Technician – Assembly and Testing
May 2011 to Sep 2015
4
AUDCO INDIA LTD, Chennai & Coimbatore (Contract )
Technician – Assembly and Testing /Machinist
July 2006 to July 2007
Aug 2007 to Apr 2011

Education

·I T I (FITTER)-2004-2006 -72% -Technical Institute of Engineering -Nagarcoil, Tamil Nadu)
·SSLC -2002 - 67%- N.V.C GOVT HRS SCHOOL - State Board of Tamil Nadu.

Strength Skill/knowledge

Positive attitude, Troubleshooting
Hardworking, Assembling and Testing
Honesty and Integrity Assembly of 6” to 60” valve Body
Self-Motivated Cryogenic testing
Creating Ideas

PERSONAL DATA
Date of Birth : 21.04.1986
Sex : Male
Nationality : Indian
Marital Status : Married
Religion : Hindu
Pass Port Status : YES
Languages Known : English, Tamil, Telugu & Hindi,
Address : 123-Paul cottage,1st floor,Periyar Nagar, housing unit road
Coimbatore 641014
DECLARATION
I hereby declare that all the information mentioned above is true to the best of my knowledge.
Thanking you,
Place : Coimbatore Manikannan
Date : 10.06.2019 MANI KANNAN.K

SENIOR TECHNICIAN-ASSEMBLER
Mail ID: ac9w05@r.postjobfree.com
+91-988**-***** -India
MANI KANNAN.K

Contact this candidate
