
Postal Address:
DILIPKUMAR HARINARAYAN MANDAL
L-46/2127Tulsidham soc.,
B/HGayatri nager, Gotriroad,
Vadodara-390021, (Gujarat)India.
Email:ac9wub@r.postjobfree.com
(Mobile: +091-966-***-****)

Sub: - Application for the post of as an Sr. Project Engineer
PROFESSIONALEXPERIENCE
INEL gas control private Ltd.
I have been working since 02nd April 2018 for Inel gas contract private Limited,
INEL gas control metering skid manufacturing Company of gas cantrol system. assembly of manufacture small medium & large size metering regulator system (MRS& DRS) industrial and commercials units.
ALSTOM Project India Limited
I have worked with 14th June 2008 to 15 July 2017 for ALSTOM Project India Limited,
ALSTOM India’s Hydro Business Manufacturing Company. It’s Repair/ servicing of rotors and new assembly of turbine / generator are Manufacture of medium & large size Hydro units.
InoxIndia Limited
I worked form 5th Nov. 2007 to 31 May 2008 for InoxIndia Limited Design Head Office in Baroda,
Cryogenic insulation technology equipment and systems, liquid storage and transport tanks in India and reputed supplier to leading international Gas Companies worldwide like Air Products etc.
Perminics membranes pvt ltd
I have worked with Permionics membranes pvt. ltd from 2nd Jan. 2007 to 4th Oct.2007. To Baroda head office as an Auto cad Operator in Engineering Department.
JyotiLimited
I have worked with Jyoti Ltd, from 2nd Oct. 2002 to 30th Dec. 2006.To Baroda head office as a Mechanical Draftsman in R&D hydraulics department.
Jyoti ltd an ISO-9001 company has pioneered the development of many engineering products of engineering excellence. Jyoti’s wide product range includes Hydro turbine (SHP), Heavy pumps, Motors, Generators, Hydrodynamic Bearings and Switchgear's.
WORKING SKILL:
INEL gas control private Ltd.
P& ID Drawing with respective to general layout drawing including its Foundation Drawings, Layout Drawings, Fabrication development drawing piping arrangements etc.
To make a P& ID as per our specification it all assembly drawing and detail drawing equipment connection checked and released to production department in shop floor.
Good communication with respect to drawings at in House and Outside manufacturing issues. Also communication to the customer and wender to batter product's, Quality performance.
Manufacturing end to preparing manufacturing process with respet Detail Design. Fabrication detail manufacturing and drawing with piping and Isometric drawing.
Drawings BOM as per tendering consideration with site installations and G.A. drawing.
All production manufactures drawings chickening as per sequence of shop manufacturing.
Knowledge of Works:
As built layout drawings, Industrial foundation details drawings, vessel details drawings, Etc.
Quality: Quality control standard product protocols, Fifo implementation's for standard Mass production, line manufacturing guidelines as per production process Etc.
ALSTOM Project India Limited
Hydro turbine & generator’s product detail engineering drawing layout detailed GA drawing, Plant layout drawing and it’s product detail drawing .As per detailed designed & assembly, Arrangement & foundation drawing etc.
To prepare Project Engineering and plant Eng. Drawing Part drawing corresponding detail design of interchangeability of master bill of material with respect to side change and product manufacturing end if any changes.
To prepare the casting drawings, fabrication drawings and m/c. drawings as meeting with Client required standard.
Preparing Production manufacturing detailed drawing, Fabrication drawing and pre-checking.
Sap and updated version power max to use for bill of materials and with respect to product design.
Preparation of Shop detail fixture drawings and BOM, Development drawing &manufacturing process detailed as per shop process used.
Resolve the problems in shop floor and communication and Review Drawing subcontract jobs at vender end.
Contribute to planning, Quality & logistic team communication in as a team in shop floor load chart for continues work in shop floor.
Contribute to shop & logistic team communication of Lifting Plans suggestion as per drawing and EHS requirements component incorporated in drawing at work in shop floor.
OUTHERWORKING SKILL FROM SHOP FLOOR:
Shop floor detail working preparation in stator bar manufacturing it is continues process line, project wise details, and Project specific manufacturing process in shop.
To prepare our generator stator bar product especially manufacturing tooling development variant-9 & variant-5 process, for new development & technology transfer of bar manufacturing.
Shop floor machine detail as per limits production data maintain, Product drawing respect critical dimensions checking.
Preventive action plan as per productivity achieve with respect to project executive planning.
Preplan to project start activity action plan as per productivity achieve respect to project one time delivery action plan.
Knowledge of sap for project materials stock, working hour, production hour.
InoxIndia Limited
P& ID Drawing with respective to general layout drawing including its Foundation Drawings, Layout Drawings, Fabrication development drawing piping arrangements etc.
To preparing horizontal, vertical semi-trailer systems Vessels fabrication detail manufacturing and drawing with piping and Isometric drawing & BOM as per site installations and G.A. drawing.
To check all types of system related drawing and equipment are primarily checking.
Develop layout, 2D to 3-D model and arrangement by visualizing to over product from the stand design, components arrangement and our standards design and customer specifications.
Perminics membranes pvt ltd
P & ID Drawing with respective to general layout drawing including its manufacturing drawing piping connection in isometric drawing & material of construction.
To preparing all specification as per deigned bases to reverse osmosis, water purification systems, N.F & U.F. system are type of assembly are made.
To worked assembly arrangement, Foundation-drawing, General Layout with respect piping layout, Isometric drawing detail and water treatment our plant piping systems.
Electrical& wiring diagram for various projects as per side condition requirement as per instrument dept.
Jyoti Limited
All type Hydro turbines set & pump station layout detailed GA drawing. As per suitable designed & assembly, arrangement &its foundation drawing.
To Preparation of Foundation Drawings, Station Arrangement Drawings, and Generating Part drawing of Turbine sets, Control Gear Diagrams, Hydraulic & Mechanical Drawings of Spiral volute casing, Draft Tube, Suction cone, distance piece assembly part, Main covers, Guide Vane operating mechanism (distributor assembly), distance piece assembly, Y-piece etc.
Pump Spiral casing’s water passage and impeller vane development in primary assembly drawing.
Generating parts Pumps like Bowl, Discharge head assembly, bearing unit assembly, stuffing box assembly, Gland packing assembly etc.
To make new prototype assembly, glide vein mechanism assembly, New development prototype Guide Vane operating mechanism (Distributor assembly) etc.
To prepare Part drawing as per client requirement and process of machine shop against sale note requirement corresponding interchangeability of master bill of material (Oracle system) for turbine & pumps.
Creating and checking G.A. drawings, manufacturing (Fabrication & Casting) drawings, preparing the Bill of Material by in-house developed software in ORACLE system in I-link.
All SO documents and record of drawing as per project are maintained ISO document as per ISO 9001.
PERSONALINFORMATION
• Marital status: Married
• Nationality: Indian
• Passport No: J0719264 [Date of Issu.13.05.2010 Date of Exp. 12.05.2020]
• Birth date: 06/07/1982
• Educational Qualification: Diploma in AutoCAD Mechanical
• EHS e-certificate available 2008 and 2014 Exam passed by ALSTOM India limited.
EDUCATION
• Diploma in Mechanical Engineering from Polytechnic not completed, M. S. University, Vadodara.
• Passed out H.S.C. examination from Gujarat Secondary Education Board, Gandhinagar, in the year 2002 with Commerce stream, Second class
• And also passed I.T.I. [NCVT] JULY 2002 Industrial Training Institute Miyagam Karajan (Gandhinagar) First.
• Passed out S.S.C. examination from Gujarat Secondary Education Board, Gandhinagar) in the year 1997 with Second class.
SOFTWARE
• CAD System CADWORKS & AutoCAD 2006 to 2012, 2017,2018 version, License based software System.
• Knowledge of SP3D; SAP and power max update version SAP
• Worked 2D & 3D software like Pro/ENGINEER, Prop-ping &3D in Mechanical power pack-2000
DECLARATION: I hereby declare that the above information is true to the best of my Knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above particulars.

PLACE: VADODARA.
DILIPH.MANDAL

Contact this candidate
