
Dependable Trustworthy Hard-Working
Flexible Professional Responsible

Professional Statement

I am a dependable laborer with a proven track record for achieving results in a fast paced environment. I have achieved success through improved service techniques such as prioritizing my workload and by having an entrepreneurial work method. I am a hard working individual who enjoys working with people and making a difference every day. I am organized and highly knowledgeable on handling equipment tools as well as on OSHA safety guidelines. I possess strong interpersonal skills that allow me to interact with all levels of the staff ranging from front-line to executives. I have unique strengths in dealing with the Spanish bilingual population and offering consistent, courteous service to both internal and external customers. I am seeking a full-time position where I can utilize my skills and knowledge to improve the community.

Core Strengths

Customer Service
Strong Communication Skills
Integrity
Flexible Work Hours
Respectful
Detail Oriented

Skills

Assembly/ Painter
Forklift Operator

Equipment Operation
Bilingual – Spanish

Utility
Team Work

Work Experiences by Relevance

StaffMark Agency March 2019 – Current
Riverside, CA
Assembly/ heavy equipment/ Power tools operator/Painting
Assemble and prepares displays and subassemblies as assigned in an efficient manner, paying close attention to startup. Maintain specifications throughout assembly process and painting process to insure the best functional and quality product is produced. Painter duties; masking area, using heavy equipment to complete task as using forklift/Scissor lift to move equipment to proper place. Prep painting surfaces by washing, repairing holes with bondo, primer, removing old paint by sanding, buffing and sealing surfaces. Prep paints, mixing, matching, and applying paints and other finishes. Required to wear proper PPE for safety and properly using painting equipment.

Wilden Pumps Sept 2014 – Sept 2018
Grand Terrace, CA

Assembler/ Utility Worker
Assemble and test pumps, surge dampeners, and subassemblies as assigned in an efficient manner, paying close attention to startup pressure, correct vacuum, and overall performance tests. Maintain proper torque specifications throughout assembly process to insure the best functional and quality product is produced. Works to increase departmental efficiencies and meets or exceeds scheduling demands.
●Assembles assigned product to conform to blueprint and testing specifications as appropriate; complies with all quality assurance procedures and policies at all times to ensure best quality product output.
●Acknowledges priority and shipping functions.
●Responsible for efficiency testing of product to ensure product performs to company specifications which include: overall visual inspection of product for proper assembly, proper startup, vacuum testing, general operating performance and pressure testing to ensure product does not leak water or air, while communicating any inconsistencies to Supervisor or Foreman.
●Promotes teamwork within the assemblies and subassemblies.
●Applying protective covering such as tape, masking, sanding, sealing surface, painting, using power tools.
●Recognizes and adheres to company safety policies and procedures.
●Must be knowledgeable of, and comply with the Company's policies and procedures.
●Performs all duties as assigned by the Assembly supervisor and foreman
●Must demonstrate commitment to safety & continual improvement of OH&S performance, registered standards, company policy, integrity, ethics and legal compliance.

Ultimate Staffing Services May 2012 – September 2014
Ontario, CA

Shipping and Receiving/ Forklift Operator/ Maintenance
Shipping department in placing rolls of trimmed rolls of paper to sizes customers ordered. Banded and wrapped all paper rolls to pallets that need to be shipped out. Measurements and weight of paper corrected before shipping out. Receiving all bulk rolls of paper and storing with a R.F Scanner. Maintaining departme, cleaning and keeping it organized at all times.
●Certified Forklift Operator
●Maintenance on equipment
●Shipping and Receiving
Anderson Printing Aug 2007 – April 2012
Los Angeles, CA

Machine Operator/ Prepress Operator
Reviewed unresolved request for adjustments, handle complaints and read customers comments to determine a plan of action to resolve issue. Spread negatives and prints on illuminated worktable and used magnifying glass to detect as incorrect coloring,shading and cut offs . Examined plates with magnifier or microscope to detect flaws in halftones and dots on plates. Operated plate maker machine, Paper cutter, 6 color press. Multitasker in every department.
●Printing/ Prepress Operator
●Customer Service
●Area Maintenance, machine maintenance

Certifications

Forklift Operator Ceritifcation
May 2012 - Current

References

Available Upon Request

Contact this candidate
