
Billy Inman
WITH ** YEARS OF WORKING IN THE BODY SHOP
Edgewood, NM 87015
ac9xg5@r.postjobfree.com
1-505-***-****
My aim is looking to use my diverse skills and abilities for a solid organization. To make a difference and have an
opportunity work with an established firm and be a part of a team...As work locally has been good very hard to come up with in my area I do continue to keep my resume up to date and my skill as well. I do try to apply for current jobs when they come available. I keep my skills sharp with working on older vehicles in my own shop
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience
Restoration Technician, vintage vehicle and customer body repair home shop - Edgewood, NM
November 2011 to Present
My goal here is to keep my skills sharp and my Responsibilities clear. I have purchased and sold several classic Chevrolets in the last few years
they have included The 1956 2 door hardtop The 1956 Nomad and a1939 Chevrolet Coupe vintage gasser, have completed 2 -one 1932 Harley Davidson VL flathead, one 1928 Ford model A pickup . both have been sold. Current cars are, one 1956 Chevrolet model 150,with rare factory dual quad 265 cu.in. engine, one 1956 Chevrolet Nomad, one 1956 Chevrolet 2 door Belair hardtop. This work keeps me busy while unemployed. I take on local customer vehicles when time permits. Accomplishments
This work keeps my mind and body sharp with the skills that I use everyday when employed. To date I have been very successful in bringing back to life my vintage auto that where in very poor condition. Skills Used
These vehicles are restore to factory condition, using all aspect of body shop skills - disassembly,repair, replace parts (floors, doors, fenders etc.)refinish skills, metal work, plastic work. finish and paint. With the use of Mig welding and now Tig welding when and where needed collision tech
WAJ enterprises LLC - Albuquerque, NM
March 2011 to November 2011
1-505-***-**** - 4701 Mcleod NE, Albuquerque, nm. 87109 Current
• collision tech, from tar down, look and determine the damage, report.repair to the ready to paint stage.always keeping quality at its peak.not having any come backs.repair work would be from lite metal
damage to frame pulls.Layoff due to lack of work. The shop owner and I still remain friends. Collision Repair Technician
WAJ LLC ENTERPISES - Albuquerque, NM
April 2010 to December 2010
505-***-**** - 4701 Mcleod NE, Albuquerque, nm.87109 Current
• To do work as handed out as quickly and safely as company states.with quality at the top of the list.to do
repairs from collision state to ready for paint.
• layoff due to lack of work.
Collision Repair Technician
Hoffmantown Bodyshop 1-505-***-**** - Albuquerque, NM August 2007 to December 2009
collision tech,from tar down for inspection to repair,pull, replace or straighten and final fine work to be paint ready.any all duties required by me to fill a flag sheet. lead metal man and body repair work
Virginia City Vintage Auto and Cycle - Virginia City, NV February 1995 to January 2006
89440
• head welder, parts fitter, body, paint Very wide range of experience here with duties from complete disassemble of auto and truck.close cleanup of all parts and repairing any and all damage.frame work floor and skin replacement.sand blasting, glass bead work.using a lot of MIG and TIG welding both on thin skin
sheet metal to aluminum.priming to paint and final assembly, buff and detail. I am very proud to have had over 100 vintage and classic vehicles returned to like new condition.
• shop closed in 07'.
any employment records pre 1995 are available
Haul Truck Operator
Comstock joint venture - Mound House, NV
April 1993 to August 1995
off road mine, haul pack driver with Nevada state mine certificate. Collision Repair Technician
Roger Harmon Pontiac Jeep Amc - San Bernardino, CA February 1983 to September 1992
heavy hits, panel replacement, frame pulls, full body removal,torn down for Insurance est. Education
Pleasant Valley High School - Pleasant Valley, IA
Skills
pro-metal man, skilled in all tools used in restoration of classic automblies to the very latest and modern (10+ years), collision tech, panel replacement and frame repair, rubber bumper and fiberglass repairs and the tools that are needed to perform these repairs. (10+ years), vintage motorcycle restoration (10+ years), have all welder exper. ARC, GAS, TIG, MIG, corvette mold parts making and fiberglass work (10+ years), panel beater skills on small dents, to bumper cover repair and straightening, frame machine and the use of floor power post (10+ years) Awards
Chevrolet master tech award 1974-75
Additional Information
Skills
• Bee line frame machine, floor pullers both power post and floor ties • gas welding, hard arc welding, spot welders
, The art of the use of all the makes, wire feed welders of all sizes, and the tig plunishing hammer both fixed and hand. The latest mig welder both pulse and water cooled. Art of the bag. Master with the English wheel, Both the use of shrinkers, plazma cutters. Bridgeport milling machine, Bench and free standing lathe.
of several kinds
Tools for the job
I will bring with me all and any needed tools for what ever job maybe needed. also will have a very reliable
vehicle for to and from work.no cell phones, long lunch, NO SMOKING OR DRINKING.as i believe these too are
tools for the job.

Contact this candidate
