
Michael R. Walker
**** **** *****
Roanoke, Virginia 24019
540-***-**** - Cell
ac9x50@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY

I am an experienced professional with a strong background in chemical process technology. I have several years experience in engineering, project management and Research & Development. I am a veteran of the Viet Nam Era with four years as a Para-medic and an Honorable discharge.
Working in the Optical, Chemical and Pharmaceutical industries, I have had responsibilities for the scale up and installation of manufacturing processes & equipment internationally. I have a working knowledge of analytical techniques and experience working with contractors and material vendors establishing specifications and criteria of acceptance.
I utilize SPC techniques, 6 sigma and design of experiments for the determination of critical process variables and process / formulation optimization. I have had involvement in many troubleshooting team efforts in a FDA regulated class 1 medical device environment. I am a team player with a strong work ethic that enjoys a challenge.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Consultant: Since Pixel Optics I have been working as a consultant primarily in the medical device or optical industries but chemical process in general. The organizations I have consulted with and the duration is as follows;

Qspex Optical, Atlanta GA 7/9/12 – 7/23/12

Qspex Optical, Atlanta GA 9/17/12 – 11/16/12

Intermaterials Inc., Radford VA 12/17/12 – 2/11/13

Sirius Optical, Dallas, TX 4/8/13 – 4/13/13

Gemini Optics, Dallas TX 11/18/13- 11/18/13

Gemini Optics, Dallas TX 12/9/13 – 12/13/13

GT Solutions, Dallas TX 3/10/14 – 3/15/14

SDC Technologies, Irvine CA 3/24/14 – 12/31/16

Currently consulting with Guide Point Japan and GLG consulting by phone on a case by case basis but am not under any contractual agreement prohibiting other employment.

Qspex - Evaluated their production process and made recommendations as to process conditions, yield improvement, capacity and equipment recommendations for future growth.

Intermaterials - Recommended silane coating chemistry and recommending process equipment, chemicals and processes for dip and flow coating.

Sirius Optical – evaluated chemistry and made recommendations for protective coating removal and photo chromic formulating and application.

Gemini Optics – Optical laboratory support, service time, yields, cost reduction new technology.

GT Solutions - Evaluated chemistry and made recommendations

SDC Technologies International – Specific industry presentation for informational decision making. New technologies installation and existing process troubleshooting, Engineering and R&D support.

Pixel Optics
Roanoke Virginia
6/5/11 – 6/10/12
Optical Coating Manager

POSITION SUMMARY

Conducted research of new product technology for potential company new products.
Investigate customer needs and industry trends, stayed abreast of industry needs and direction.
worked with UV blocking for Macular degeneration materials in the development of a system that could be applied to stock lenses inside the abrasion resistant coating.
Communicated directly with customers to establish product requirements and directed activates to meet customer needs.
I worked with Lens making and chemical vendors to improve the adhesion of the composite layers that render the lens electro-active.
I worked with customers to present new Anti-reflective equipment options to increase transmission and reduce reflectance. Conducted searches and made recommendations to the company for abrasion / scratch resistant and AR coating equipment.
Formulated new chemistry potentially patentable for the company.
I trained customers on recommended processing for the product to reduce defects and improve product.

Quest Optical Inc.
Boca Raton Florida
3/20/10 – 6/10/11
Senior Director R&D

POSITION SUMMARY

Conducted research of new product technology for potential company new products.
Investigate customer needs and industry trends, stayed abreast of industry needs and direction.
worked with photo chromic materials in the development of a system that could be applied to stock lenses to render them photo chromic without the necessity of keeping a photo chromic inventory. Reducing the cost of photo chromic products by enabling labs to make their own photo chromic lenses from any stock lens type or lens material.
Communicated directly with customers to establish product requirements and directed activates to meet customer requirements.
I worked with the CEO and investors on the direction of the development of new products and processes.
I worked with customers to present new technology and demonstrate its use.
Formulated new chemistry potentially patentable for the company.
I met with vendors for the procurement of specific chemicals to development new products.
Worked on the design of equipment, trained customers on its use and did process installation.

Revision Eye wear LL
Burlington VT
9/15/08 – 2/23/10
Optical Coating Manager

POSITION SUMMARY

Manage the coating department, train and supervise 3 coating technicians, one for each shift. The responsibilities of the technicians include, coating application equipment operation, chemical adjustments and troubleshooting to ensure production is well supported.
Installation and support of process equipment and chemistry.
Troubleshoot production on an on-going basis with SPC and fundamental process engineering techniques with a focus on process improvement and control.
New process and product development.
Order and procurement of all chemicals involved in the coating process.
Review and maintain all MSDS sheets for the company.
Order and maintain safety equipment.
Order and maintain analytical equipment.
Order and maintain spare parts and equipment.
Composition of Sops and work instructions.

Carl Zeiss Vision
Petaluma Cal. 3/1/2006 – 9/12/08

Senior Engineer, Production Engineering & Quality

POSITION SUMMARY

Responsibilities at Oracle Lens Manufacturing, Warwick RI include;
Leading the coating group at Oracle Lens Manufacturing which includes 1 supervisor, 2 lab formulation technicians and 2 application equipment personal to ensure production is well supported.
Installation and support of process equipment.
Troubleshoot production on an on-going basis with SPC and fundamental process engineering techniques with a focus on process improvement and control.
New process and product development

The primary objectives of the Production Engineering & Quality Group were;
Implementation of new products, processes and equipment within CZV at customer locations.
Provision of engineering and quality support to operations globally as required
Benchmarking competitor’ products and recommending appropriate quality standards
Supporting quality and process improvement through the Carl Zeiss Star Quality System.

Johnson & Johnson Vision Care, Inc.
Roanoke, Virginia
2001 – 2006

Senior Engineer R&D

POSITION SUMMARY

I utilized an integrated approach including materials science, chemistry, engineering, controls and experimental design to develop new products and processes.
Improved cosmetic yields of existing product and implemented new cure processes reducing cure time by 80 %.
Advanced overall technical capability by introducing a coating process into the Spectacle lens group. Selected coating equipment and formulations. Installed (FAT, IQ) and validated (OQ, PQ) the system.
Designed equipment and developed UV blocking process. Installed and validated the system.
Prepared written reports, project time lines and Power Point presentations.

Essilor of America
St. Petersburg, FL
1986 – 1994

POSITION SUMMARIES

Process Engineer (1986 - 1990),

I was responsible for supervision of machine technicians (7), engineering technicians (2) and process engineers (2). Responsibilities included process development, troubleshooting and statistical process control of 100,000 parts per day, 7 day a week, and 24 hour a day coating operation. I supervised the scheduling and formulation of materials (8) for production, ordered materials and worked with vendors defining specifications.

Project Engineer (1990 - 1994)

Conducted studies to improve dip and spin coating technologies. Worked with mechanical engineer and R&D to design equipment and formulate materials. I acted as Project manager for the technology transfer of coating equipment and processes off shore. I participated in the start-up of the Transitions plant and product launch. My responsibilities included supervision of project engineers (2) and engineering technicians (2).

Essilor International
1994-2001
POSITION SUMMARY

Senior Chemist (1994 – 2001)

Responsibilities included the purchase, installation and operation of all Essilor US R&D coating equipment. I conducted formulation development studies and validation of new coatings and primers for the launch of new high index, photo chromic and polycarbonate products. I supported installation of the Crizal coating process in US labs. I also supervised engineering technicians (2) and one operator.

Led the process development of new abrasion resistant coatings.
Participated in technical problem solving and root cause analysis of lens cosmetics and performance issues in mass production and the US laboratories.
Implemented new coating cure concepts and advanced overall technical capability by working with machine builders on equipment design.
Prepared written reports, project time lines and Power Point presentations.

Unit Dose Pharmaceutical Laboratories
St Petersburg Fl
1985 - 1986
POSITION SUMMARY

Analytical Chemist

I conducted analysis of incoming raw materials, intermediates, and validation of stability samples. I utilizing UV-Vis, IR, HPLC, GC, AA and wet bench chemical analysis.

Stepan Chemical Company
Chicago Ill
1977-1986
POSITION SUMMARY

Pilot Plant Chemist

Responsibilities included operating Pilot Plant reactors and equipment including continuous flow, batch processes and distillation columns. Worked with reactors varying in size from 50 to 1000 gallons developing process for flavors and fragrances, Urethane foams, polyols, Quaternary Amines, plasticizers etc.

I worked with continuous flow reactors to manufacture sulfonates and sulfates for the personal hair care industry (Shampoos & detergents) and for tertiary oil recovery. Other equipment included thin film evaporators, centrifuges, neutralizers and degassers both lab and pilot scale. Conducted chemical analysis, wet chemistry, auto-titrators, GC, UV-vis, LC, HPLC, AA

Instafoam Products Inc, Chemical operator;

United States Air Force Paramedic (Honorably Discharged) Viet Nam era

Education

Bachelors Degree Chemistry, Governors State University, University Park Illinois
Associates Degree, Joliet Junior College, Joliet Illinois

Training and Development

Surface Treatment and UV spot curing, Fusion curing systems Inc.
DOE for UV/EB Scientist & Engineers, RadTech International North America
Advanced Radiation Curing, Armbruster Associates Inc.
Better Products through Design of Experiments, Federation of Societies for coating technology
Polymer Chemistry for the Coating Formulator, Federation of Societies for coating technology
Substrates and Coatings, Federation of Societies for coating technology
Project management, Applied Management Associates
How to Assess and Manage Project Risk, Development Dimensions International
Presentation skills, Development Dimensions International
Interaction skills for success, Development Dimensions International
Dale Carnegie Employee Development
BPDI (Business and Professional Development Institute)
Mitco Water laboratories, High purity water course,
FQO Hazmat Training
Lean manufacturing simulation
Internal auditor CZV

Awards and Recognition

National Deans List 1985 publication

J&J Corporate Standards of Leadership Award -January 2005 – Coating screening and selection for the development of multiple coating processes within one coating system creating a uniform dye ability across the product line and eliminating the need for product batching.

J&J Corporate Standards of Leadership Award - November 2003 Development and implementation of UV blocking technology for CR-39 lens material.

Manufacturing Support Assignments
Transitions Optical – Florida, USA
Transitions Optical – IRELAND
Gentex Optical – MA, USA
Gentex Optical – PA, USA
Essilor - MEXICO, CANADA, PUERTO RICO, FRANCE, JAPAN, THAILAND and the PHILIPINNES
Stepan Chemical Co- IL, USA
Johnson & Johnson – FRANCE, SWITERLAND and GEMNANY
Carl Zeiss Vision – MEXICO, BRAZIL
Revision Eyewear LLC – FRANCE,
Quest Optical Inc. – CHINA, ISRAEL and JAPAN

Optical Laboratory Support Assignments

Omega – TX, USA
Avisia – TX, USA
Opitcraft - OR, USA
MCO – MI, USA
Custom Eyes – MI, USA
Milroy – FL, USA,
Optogenics – NY, USA
Essilor - Mont, CANADA
Sutherlin Optical – MO, USA.
Optogenics – Syracuse, NY
Carl Zeiss Vision – Hebron Kentucky, Chester Virginia
Quest Optical – Bristol Optical Miami Florida, Boss Optical China, Conant Optical China
SDC Technologies – Walmart Indiana, I Coat California, Carl Zeiss Vision Oregon

Machine Builder Collaboration

Optotech – Wattenberg GERMANY
SCL International – Geneva, SWITZERLAND
SPC Electronics - Shimada JAPAN
SEIM Desmont, Lille, FRANCE
Calmation- CA, USA
AIO – CA, USA
Lesco – CA, USA
Softel 3DT – WI, USA
Interlab Inc. – Danbury Connecticut.
Revision Eyewear – Automated Solution Management, Vision & Robotics, Montreal Canada
Quest Optical – Automation Resources, Moncton Canada

Professional Organizations

American Chemical Society
RadTech--The Association for ultraviolet (UV) and electron beam (EB) technology

Contact this candidate
