
CURRICULUM VITAE

Applicant’s Name:
ARVIND SINGH

Permanent Address:

VPO-NAGROTA SURIAN
THE JAWALI, DISTT- KANGRA
INDIA-HIMACHAL-176027

Cell no: +91-869*******
+91-987*******

E.Mail: ac9yub@r.postjobfree.com

WORK EXPERINCE:

6 years Rich Experience in field of Machine Shop Quality Assurance and control

Personal Data:

Date of Birth:
15, JAN.,1990

Gender : Male

Nationality : Indian

Languages known:
Punjabi, Hindi & English

Marital status : Un-Married

Career Objective
To use my skills and technical knowledge by joining a growing organization. Meeting the challenges and exploring the avenues in the field of engineering. Excellent at analysis information and preparing reports. Excellent presentation and organizational skills along with good communications and interpersonal skills

Total Experience: 6 years Rich experience in field of Machine Shop Quality Assurance and control

Current Employee:-Atul Fasteners Ltd.
Presently working with Atul Fasteners Ltd.(ISO 9001-2008 certified) As a quality supervisor since may 2012

Company Profile
Atul Fasteners Ltd. Supplier, exporter and manufacturer of fasteners, nuts and bolts. main customers SML INDIA LTD, PANASONIC, SAMSUNG, ELIN, GODREJ, LLOYEDS, JAY USHIN, ANU, SONAKSHI etc.

Current Job Responsibility:
First Piece Setting of machine for product change.
Responsible for control of daily Production activity.
Ensure to achieve the daily production targets.
Prepare skill matrix of the operators as per their competency.
Ensure Manpower Deployment according to their skill matrix.
Daily analysis of rejection and machine down time.
Responsible for department meeting to analysis & take decision on rejection & rework components
Ensure corrective action plans against the in-house & customer complaints
Improve the skill level of the new trainee.
Initiated the ‘‘KAIZEN’’ activity in department for continual improvement
Ensure Corrective action & preventive action for gap observed in product Quality.
Maintain the 5S in shop.
Prepare all the production and quality formats on daily basis.
Monitor some special tests in heat treatment like broken test,bend test and hardness checking.
Pre-Planning of Future machine setting as per production plan.
Monthly & Yearly Appraisals of Workmen
Maintain the process check sheet as per product specifications.

Projects:

Member of the Project of Productivity in Machining shop.
Controlling the disposal of hazardous wastage like contaminated clothes, AB type screw scrap.
Maintain & check the safe working procedure provided to the workmen's. of shop floor.
Cost reduction basic control the resource of machine like lubricant oil, coolant oil & production planning as per orders due to parametrically increase tools life

Past Work Experience:-
Worked with Micro Turner Pvt. Ltd. as CNC machine operator from Sep 2011 to March 2012.

Past Job Responsibility:
Operate the machine as per guidelines.
Create & implementing systematic environment & shop-floor discipline
Maintain material requirements and follow up with respective concerns.
Maintain the tooling of machines.
Resolve process problems.

Training During Job:-
KAIZEN
POKA YOKE
CLUSTER OF MARUTI AND GODREJ
5-S
4-M

Academic & Professional Qualification:

Diploma in Mechanical Engineering from H.P. TECHNICAL BOARD DHARAMSHALA (2008-2011)

10+2 from H.P.B.O.S.E. DHARAMSHALA
Metric from H.P.B.O.S.E. DHARAMSHALA

Computer Proficiency & Other Skills
Basic in MS office,MS word and Power point.
Good knowledge of vernier caliper, micrometer and Rockwell hardness tester.

Interest and Activities :
Keeping in touch with the latest developments in the field of Industrial engineering. Like to work for less fortunate children. Exploring the latest management and housekeeping techniques used in industry. Like to listen to music (folk), Folk Dance, Driving, Surfing on net.

I hereby declare that all the information given above is true to best of my knowledge.

DATE:
PLACE: (Arvind Singh)

Contact this candidate
