
Rutvij Thakore
ac9y8t@r.postjobfree.com Mobile: 1-306-***-****

Summary of Qualifications

Expert in MS Office (MS Excel, MS Power point, MS Word), Auto-cad
Proficient in maintaining reports and documents.
Worked on lubrications, bearing, dismantling, repairing & assembling of machine tools
Preventive maintenance of machine tools & geometrical testing of machine tools
Preparing quotes & invoices as per customers requires.
Efficient in handling cash register & keeping accounts up to date.
Knowledge of basic computer skills and can work under least supervision.
Proficient in answering customer inquiries in a friendly manner.
Experience handling multi-line phone.
Record of meeting deadline.
Ability to help customers for choose best option for them requirements.
Ability of working independently as well as in team to achieve target.
Ability to organize, multi-task and work under pressure.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
Accurate and fast typing.
Quick Learner & Strong problem-solving skills.
Confident in handling complicated situations & taking decisions.

Professional Experience

1.Future Generali India Ins. Co. Ltd.- Assistance Manager Jan 2016 - May 2019

Investigate, Evaluate and settle insurance claim
Determine whether the insurance policy covers the loss claimed
Decide appropriate amount the insurance company should pay
Confer with legal counsel on claims when needed
Negotiate settlements & Authorize payments
Team Leader & location in-charge with best customer service
Risk Assessment & Claims Documentation
Build Relation with Workshops & IMD’s (Insurance Brokers)
Handle In-house & External Surveyor Team
Find Salvage Buyer, Negotiate salvage value, Dispose Salvage
Personal accident claim processor which is involved with Motor claims

2.Royal Sundaram Alliance Ins. Co. LTD.- Internal Motor Claim Adjuster-
Dec 2010 to Jan 2016

Processing for the Motor Claims within the terms of policy & the service standards as laid down from time to time.
Register the claims & Processing of claim
Preparation and maintenance of MIS
Appoint surveyor on receipt of the claims intimation & appoint claims investigator
Call for the requirements in connection with the claim from the insured
Follow up for the timely completion of the work

3.Pramukh Motors (Automotive Workshop)- Owner Operator 2003 to 2009

Working for all types of mechanical, electrical, tyre replacement, alignment, balancing, LPG, CNG, & accident job works
Communication with Client & providing him technical assist as well as interaction with Surveyor, Venders, Suppliers
Opening, processing & closing work orders as per customer requirements
Prepare Collision Estimate, General Repair Estimate, Bills
Purchase Vehicle Parts, Material for Workshop,
Claims Reports & Documentation
CNG & LPG fittings in Vehicle (Alternate Fuel System)
Test Drive of Vehicle & Diagnosed Faults
Answer phone calls from customers with inquiries or complaints and resolve the issue as quickly as possible
Handling all the cash transaction of the organization & receive payment by cash, cheque and credit cards with Daily cash accounts management.
Guiding and solving queries of customer
Maintaining monthly, weekly and daily report of transactions
Prepare sales statements and reports & achieve sales targets

Educational Qualification:

Auto insurance Adjuster license (Motor OD Claims) No. SLA 85042
Diploma in Mechanical Engineering (2003)
Certificate in production maintenance techniques
Trade certificate courses
Industrial training institute in Machinist
Completed WHMIS 2015

References available on request

Contact this candidate
