
Geevarghese P. Mathew
***-*** ***** ******, *********, Ontario – N1S 1W5
E-mail : ac9yuy@r.postjobfree.com
Cell : 519-***-****

SUMMARY:
Experienced Tool and Die professional with exceptional knowledge and drive, always striving to improve the quality of workmanship. Professional skills include:
Ability to work individually and with teams to successful completion of projects
Extensive knowledge about fabrication of progressive press tools, jigs and fixtures
Software skills in design: Pro-E, Master Cam and AutoCAD
CNC Programming proficiency
Expertise in all conventional tool room machines
Experience in handling of all types of measuring & inspection instruments
Managerial and Supervisor experience placing high emphasis on customer satisfaction for both internal and external customers
Fluent in MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Outlook)
EXPERIENCE

1.Precision Resource Canada Ltd., Cambridge, ON, Canada
A company which manufactures and provides critical component solutions for manufacturers throughout the world. It has great passion for innovation in Fine blanking and an unmatched array of secondary finishing capabilities.
CNC Programmer March 2016 to Present
Program, set up and operate CNC milling machine (Makino and Takumi Hass).
Work with the purchasing department to order out of stock cutting mill tools, drills, taps and reamers. Receive and check the tools are as per standard and organize.
Inspect and pre set tools for the production.
Maintain spares in an orderly and organized manner.

2.Romet Limited, Mississauga, ON, Canada
A company which manufactures and is an international market leader in positive displacement rotary gas meters, electronic volume, temperature instrumentation and auxiliary equipment for the natural gas industry.
Machinist May 2014 to March 2016
Set up and operate the required work pieces on the Manual milling, Lathe, drilling and tapping machines.
Inspect the parts are within tolerance and check for quality defects.

3.Aviation Representatives Inc., Mississauga, ON L5T 2H7, Canada
A company specialized in providing quality component overhaul support of Airbus, Boeing, ATR aircrafts and Bombardier regional aircrafts. Overhaul capabilities include hydraulic, pneumatic, mechanical and electrical components for all aircrafts.
Technician May 2013 to Mar 2014
Set up and operate a variety of machines such as conventional milling, lathe, Surface grinding machine.
Making sure that the parts produced are as per standard quality required.
Co-ordinate and assist the various section and groups involved in the repair and overhaul of aircraft components.

4.ACM Tooling, Woodbridge, ON L4L 4Z1, Canada
A company specialized in CNC Wire EDM, EDM drill, CNC Milling & Turning, Extrusion Dies, Metal Cutting.
Machinist Dec 2012 to April 2013
Set up and operate a variety of machines such as conventional milling, lathe, Surface grinding machine, CNC Milling and Wire EDM.
Co-ordinate and assist a group of 2 people in the production of parts required.

5.Msquared Motors Pvt. Ltd, Cochin, India
Authorized Dealer for Mahindra Two Wheelers Ltd. (MTWL), Mahindra & Mahindra Group
Service Manager March 2011 to Oct 2012
Schedule the daily operations for 7 personnel team
Supervise the team; Assign resources towards bottlenecks to assure minimum delays to process
Create estimates & repair orders in a timely, professional manner ensuring customer satisfaction
Inventory planning for equipment, tools and supplies for the whole department
Manage the safety stock and ordering process to ensure timely replenishment of necessary items

6.FCI OEN Connectors Ltd., Cochin, India
Manufacturer of stamped and molded components used in electronic and automobile fields.
Main customers: HCL, WIPRO, BOSCH, and TOYOTA.
Tool Room Supervisor Aug 2006 to Feb 2011
Managed a group of 5 Tool Makers.
Manage all paperwork and work orders for the department
Organize and maintain the Preventive Maintenance schedule for all tool room equipment
Monitored working of equipment and ensured compliance of safety regulations and practices
Maintenance, repair and modification of stamping tools to increase efficiency and performance
Execute engineering changes to test and approve components (and parts) for production
Manage inventory and replenishment for spare tools in the department
Maintain housekeeping standards of the area
Provide feedback to the design team to modify tools and methods for incorrect designs

Industrial Training Intern July 2005 to July 2006
Hands on experience in Tool Room Machinery
Lathes, Milling Machine, Surface Grinding Machines (Manual & Pneumatic)
Design tools, jigs and fixtures per customer requirements
Manufacture and test progressive and stage shell tools of different types and sizes
Tool Repair Fundamentals

EDUCATION

Diploma in Tool & Die Making (2002 – 2006)
Nettur Technical Training Foundation
Cochin, India.

CERTIFICATIONS

Certificate in PRO/Engineering
CADD Centre Training Services
Cochin, India.

Certificate in CNC Machine tools and NC Part Programming.
DOE ACC Centre.

Certificate of MASTERCAM 2018 from Camtek, Cochin, India (Authorized Mastercam).
Calicut, India

Contact this candidate
