
ROBIN KESAVAN
Chennai, India
Mobile : +91-988*******
Email : ac9yp2@r.postjobfree.com
Skype : robinkesavan
LinkedIn : https://www.linkedin.com/in/robin-kesavan-30839838 Mechanical engineering graduate with over 10 years of experience in product design of Heavy Engineering and automotive. Well versed in application of GD & T and using various CAD tools. Seeking a position with a leading organization where my experience can be further developed and utilized for the development of the organization
COMPETENCY MATRIX
PRODUCT DESIGN AUTOCAD CREO TEAMCENTER PRO-E CATIA V5 ENOVIA SOLIDWORKS VISMOCKUP SHEETMETAL MODELING DRAFTING AND DETAILING CASTING MODELING ASME Y14.5 PROJECT MANAGEMENT WINDCHILL EXPERIENCE
Lead Engineer- From April 2018 - present
Innoac Technologies, Chennai
Responsible for localization of press tools, molding tools, Assembly fixtures and checking fixture.
Visit the automotive suppliers in France to collect the technical details of Sheetmetal press tools, checking fixtures, welding fixtures, welding machines, molding tools, stamping and molding presses.
Prepare RFQs and find the potential supplier for localization of the components.
Define welding and assembly BOM for the variants of vehicle based on the customer requirement.
Evaluate and analyze the assembly of BIW and structural parts using Catia V5.
Review and download parts and assemblies from Enovia PLM. Assistant Manager- From June 2016 – March 2018
GGS Information Services India Private Limited, Chennai
Generated repeat business through exceptional customer service and responded to customer concerns with friendly and knowledgeable service.
Achieved recognition from senior management for contribution towards the success, including managing sales, employees and operations to foster optimal performance.
Supported staff development and goal attainment by focusing on skill development and job satisfaction.
Monitored employee performance and developed improvement plans.
Handled customer service by dealing with complaints, organizing stock and answering customer questions.
Team Leader- From June 2015 – May 2016
GGS Information Services India Private Limited, Chennai
Led project scheduling and budgeting to successfully and quickly complete engineering projects.
Implemented new strategies to increase the business volume.
Developed processes to achieve quality and expedite the project flow rate.
Completed as many as 200 projects in a year.
Supervised 5 Lead design Engineers in providing excellent project delivery. Lead Engineer- From Apr 2014 – May 2015
GGS Information Services India Private Limited, Chennai
Converted Bucyrus drawings of Rotary drilling (MD6420C) machine to Caterpillar standard drawings and models through Creo 2.0.
Created models and drawings of Dust collector of Rotary drilling (MD5075) machine to Caterpillar standard Creo drawings.
Converted Mast drawings of Rotary drilling (MD6640) machine from Bucyrus legacy drawings to Caterpillar standard Creo drawings.
Completed as many as 50 projects in a year.
Implemented new strategies in working procedures and improved the velocity of the projects and eventually got more volume of work.
Converted Bucyrus drawings of Hydraulic mining shovel Machines, HMS 6060 & HMS 6030 from ISO and DIN standards to parametric Creo models and drawings that conform to the latest caterpillar standards.
Drove reliability and profitability through introduction of quality processes.
Presented drawings to project managers in client location and incorporated recommended changes.
Used Creo and Catia
Developed and implemented process flow improvement and standardization projects.
Supervised 2 teams of 3 Design Engineers in each team, to provide on time delivery and meeting the quality requirements of the projects.
Design Engineer- From 2013 – Mar 2014
Sree Krishna Power Engineering & Consultancy Pvt. Ltd, Chennai
Created CAD models and drawings using Creo 2.0 to conform with ASME Y14.5- 2009 and AWS standards.
Applied GD&T in the drawings as per the design needs.
Performed tolerance stack-up analysis to eliminate assembly issues.
Created Bills of Materials (BOM).
Created CAD models and drawings for Electric rope shovel (ERS) and Rotary drilling machine designs.
Communicated with customers by phone, email and in person to meet design requirements for Heavy machinery products.
Created parts for various fabrication methods, including machining, sheet metal fabrication and injection molding.
Design Engineer- From Apr 2011 – Mar 2013
Axis IT & T Ltd, Chennai
Primary responsibility includes analyzing and finding solution for virtual issues of engine lines team.
Interacting with various teams to fix the issues.
Work in close co-ordination with Mossville- Engine lines team to review and analyze the issues in various caterpillar engines during NPI and CPI.
Analyze the machine/vehicle assemblies for the feasibility of the engine installation.
Responsible for coordinating various design groups to resolve the issues.
Conduct weekly meeting with Mossville team to update the status and progress in issues.
Assemble JT files of engine components in Teamcenter Vismockup. Design Engineer- From Dec 2010 – Mar 2011
EDES, Chennai
Documented products and processes using Pro-E WF, EDS (Engineering Data Management System) and Teamcenter NX to release the designs.
Created parts for various fabrication methods, including machining, sheet metal fabrication and injection molding.
Created CAD drawings using Pro-E WF to conform CAT standards. CAD Designer- From May 2010 – Nov 2010
Sri Sivasakthi Auto Ancillaries Madras Pvt. Ltd, Chennai
Responsibility includes designing press tools for sheetmetal components and gauges for quality checking of the components.
Coordinating the entire team till the trial run of the tool to create the components as per the customer drawings.
To work in close co-ordination with machining team, tool room team, manufacturing team and Quality team to manufacture the product as per the customer drawing.
Responsible for press tools design including material selection.
Plan the number of operations to manufacture the component.
Create Blanking, forming, bending and sheering tools appropriately for each operation. Technical Leader- From Sep 2009 – Apr 2010
CADD Centre, Chennai
Trained more than 100 professionals in Pro-E, Catia and Ansys.
Developed the subordinates in teaching methodology and soft skills.
Guided engineering students in their final year projects.
Analyzed the heat dissipation in a processer with Ansys. Machine Operator- From Aug 2008 – Aug 2009
Sri Bhagavathi Industries, Chennai
Calibrated, tested, and adjusted machine settings or controls in preparation for turning and facing operations.
Assessed equipment after each production run, performing preventive maintenance to keep machines running smoothly.
Operated Lathe equipment safely and efficiently.
Dismantled machinery to access, remove and replace worn components and keep production within optimal tolerances.
Used CNC and manual equipment to perform rough and finishing machining. Technical Support Executive- From May 2008 – Jul 2008 Cybernet Slash Support, Chennai
Analyzed and developed service goals for in-bound call center. LANGUAGE SKILLS
Fluent in English
Basics in French
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Engineering in Mechanical Engineering from Anna University, India – 2008 PERSONAL DETAILS
Father Name KESAVAN P
Permanent Address No-1, Govindasamy nagar, 5th Street, Kandanchavadi, Chennai- 600096 Passport number N3743303
REFERENCES: Will be furnished Upon Request

Contact this candidate
