
Akshay C. Sharma
Guelph, Ontario N*G *N*
+1-613-***-****
ac9z80@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn-akshaycsharma

Recent graduate with a master’s degree in Mechanical Engineering, several successful internships and experience within the manufacturing industry. A motivated young professional with a strong knowledge of design, manufacturing, and production technology as well as experience executing projects utilizing numerous design and analysis software. Communicative and personable with an aptitude for collaboration, leadership, and visualization while capable of learning and adapting quickly. Ready and willing to relocate as the job requires little notice. Currently pursuing Peng qualification and registered with the PEO as an EIT (PEO no:100532544).

Areas of Expertise
AutoCAD
Ansys ADPL & Workbench
Mechanical Engineering
SolidWorks
Drafting
3D Printing & Scanning
Microsoft Office Suite
Quality Compliance
Reverse Engineering
Quality Control
Rapid Prototyping
Quality Assurance

EDUCATION

Master of Engineering in Mechanical Engineering University of Ottawa, Ottawa, ON, 2018
Coursework: Advanced Thermodynamics, Heat Transfer by Conduction, Computational Fluid Dynamics, Combustion Engineering, Applied Reliability Theory, Advanced Topics in Reliability Engineering, Failure Prevention, Finite Element Analysis, Systems Engineering, and Integration.

Bachelor of Technology in Mechanical Engineering with Distinction S.V. National Institute of Technology, Surat, India, 2016
Coursework: Machine Design I & II, Production Technology I & II, CAD-CAM, Machine Drawing, Machining Process, Industrial Engineering, Manufacturing Technology, Production Technology I &II.

CERTIFICATIONS
Certified SolidWorks Associate – SOLIDWORKS
AutoCAD Professional Certification – Autodesk
Six Sigma Yellow Belt – American Society of Quality (ASQ)

EXPERIENCE HIGHLIGHTS

HONDA CANADA (PHOENIX QUALITY), October 2018 – June 2019
Quality Compliance Auditor
Develop and implement Quality Assurance policies and procedures used throughout the manufacturing quality organization.
Implemented Corrective Action Preventative Action (CAPA) including Root Cause Analysis on the shop floor.
Layered Process Audits (LPA) to ensure parts conformance and operational standard compliance.
Review CAD blueprints for a thorough understanding of part design which in turn was used to define boundary samples.
Key Accomplishments:
Currently, maintain 100% quality assurance was in no bad parts have passed my inspection onto the assembly line.

MAGNA INTERNATIONAL (AEROTEK), July 2018 – October 2018
Production Worker/CNC Machinist
Performed on the production line operating CNC-machining clutch buckets for General Motor's automatic transmissions.
Utilized coordinate measuring machines (CMM) for size conformance and prepared in-process inspection cards.
Tasked with Total Quality Management requiring a visual check for every part and matching with first off parts.
Organized operator data sheets and performed Total Productive Maintenance duties as assigned.
Key Accomplishments:
The sustained production level of 1800 parts per shift working alongside most experienced CNC operators with less than 5 parts scrapped during a cycle.

FAG BEARING INDIA LIMITED, May 2015 – July 2015
Engineering Intern
Reviewed and explored the full production cycle of the Bearing Manufacturing plant as an intern during the pursuit of undergraduate mechanical engineering degree.

INDIAN OIL CORPORATION LIMITED, May 2014 – July 2014
Engineering Intern
Conducted research and analysis for numerous maintenance systems, portions of a petroleum refinery, and power plant systems including steam and gas turbines.

Additional experience as a Fresh Associate for Wal-Mart and a Retail Specialist at Freedom Mobile.

NOTABLE PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

Led a 5-person team working on surface modeling and simulation throughout the final year of the project.
An integral member of a 3-person team designing a heat sink for a computer processor that involved performance analysis and thermal simulation as well as ensuring optimal performance with the lowest cost.
Collaborated with a team on finite element analysis for a section of a railroad bridge utilizing ANSYS ASPL.
Solo project on 5 Stage Turbine preliminary aerodynamic design - followed by analysis and optimization of 1st stage out of 5 using GTE-TMLD (software developed by Carleton University in collaboration with Rolls Royce Canada).
Failure Mode and Effects Analysis (FMEA) study on the failure of the gas turbine engine in DC 10 airplane, involving in-depth study of failure cause and use of FMEA report writing.
Study of Reliability Methods and Techniques involved in current Petrochemical Industries - Project for Reliability engineering.
Design and Analysis of a Convergent Divergent Nozzle using ANSYS Fluent which provided hands-on experience in the field of Computational Fluid Dynamics (CFD).
Simulation of Post Office using WITNESS - The purpose of the project was to provide hands-on experience with WITNESS - used for systems engineering and simulation.
Reverse Engineering of Pratt and Whitney PW-100 engine for stress analysis on turbine blades of the same. Focused on the fundamentals of design analysis based on stresses in the turbine.

Contact this candidate
