
Bruce Elwood Barbour
**** * ***** **
Perry, Mi *8872
616-***-****
ac9zuq@r.postjobfree.com
To whom it may concern;
I am currently the Maintenance Manager for an automotive supplier. My duties also include doing all the PLC programming (all Allen Bradley RsLogix 500 and 5000), HMI programming (Allen Bradley), and Fanuc robot programming/troubleshooting as well as electrical upgrades/installation and troubleshooting.
During my career I have implemented ideas to improve machine uptime and scheduled downtime with the management group to do pm’s and repairs to reduce overtime as well as have worked with vendors to reduce cost. I have made items common between all our machines to reduce the amount of inventory needed in our crib therefore reducing out overhead costs.
I have traveled to some of other facilities to assist them with issues that they have been having using some of our improvements and lessons learned.
Have worked hand in hand with MIOSHA on our lockout tagout procedure and among other safety improvements in our plant. We have gone from having numerous findings to them wanting to issue us an award for our safety.
I have been in charge of numerous equipment and line installs. I take pride in the fact that we can do most in house without hiring outside contractors. From the machine setup to the utilities installation to the work flow and tuning in parts for cmm layout.
I got my start in this industry about 30 years ago. I started out as a machinist and moved to programming CNC mills and lathes. I then moved on to machine tool building and electrical work. I am strongly motivated and am hungry to learn new things.

Thank you for your time

Bruce Barbour

May 2003 to Present Matcor Automotive Michigan
Currently Maintenance Manager started out as a Maintenance Technician on 2nd shift and worked into the lead position on that same shift and eventually to where I am now. Program and integrate Fanuc robots into work cells, PLC programming from scratch as well as edits to previously written programs, HMI programming and edits on Allen Bradley HMI’s, Programming and installation of Smart Pac 2 to stamping presses. Setup of new vendors and inventory control. Programmed a web server and networked all the machines in the shop to track downtime and part counts per shift.
7-2000 to 05-2003 Uni-Boring
I was hired as a CNC maintenance tech and I assisted with the CNC setup department. I was promoted to the Lead Position on second shift shortly after I was employed. My duties also included electrical troubleshooting, equipment moves and PLC troubleshooting.
11-98 to 07-2000 Electric Apparatus
I was hired as Maintenance Tech and was shortly promoted to the lead position on first shift. My duties included CNC machine repair as well as many manual machines. I assisted the Engineering department on designing and building of specialty machines for use in house as well.
04-95 to 11-98 Pro-Tech
I was hired at Pro-Tech as a contract machine tool builder. I contracted at numerous companies in the Detroit area building robotic weld lines and metal removal equipment. I spent three months at the Chrysler plant in Mississauga Canada supervising the install of the lines we built.
06-94 to 04-95 Uni-Boring
I was hired as a CNC setup tech. I modified CNC programs and made sure the parts we machined were to spec through the CMM dept.
04-93 to 06-94 MC Molds
I was hired as a CNC setup person for blow mold machining.
05-90 to 04-93 Livingston Machine
I was hired as a machine operator and quickly learned how to make offsets and edit the CNC programs after 10 months of employment here I moved up to the lead position on 2nd shift. I learned how to not only to the programming of the CNC’s but also learned programming on their CMM.

To summarize my Skills and abilities:
I have PLC programming on Allen Bradley RsLogix 500 and 5000
Programming Allen Bradley HMI’s with PanelBuilder
Programming and setup of Fanuc Robots from start to finish
Programming of CNC mills and lathes using Fanuc controllers
Arc, Mig and Tig Welding ability
Extensive electrical knowledge with AC and DC (design and troubleshooting)
Hydraulics and Pneumatics experience (design and troubleshooting)
Self starter, take pride in my workmanship, need no supervision

Contact this candidate
