
Douglas Noldy
*** **** ******
Archbald, Pa *****
Home Phone: 570-***-****
Cell Phone: 570-***-****
Email:ac9zkx@r.postjobfree.com

Special Training and Projects
Zenger Miller Quality Management Training (QMT)
National Seminars Training for Supervisors and Managers
STOP (Safety)
Golden Broom Auditor (Housekeeping).

Professional Experience

Technicolor November 1992 – September 2018
Production Supervisor / Process Coach
(Plant Closure)

Production Management Responsibilities:
Successfully managed a team of 40 employees.
Directed and coordinated the activities of employees engaged in the production or processing of goods by machine operators.
Conferred with other supervisors to coordinate operations and activities within or between departments.
Planned and established work schedules, assignments, and production sequences to meet production goals.
Inspected discs, and equipment to detect defects or malfunctions.
Observed work and monitored gauges, dials, and other indicators to ensure that operators conform to production or processing standards.
Determined standards, budgets, production goals, and rates, based on company policies, equipment and labor availability, and workloads
Provided detailed shift turnover to oncoming Production Supervisor / Process Coach and/or operator.
Read and analyzed charts, work orders, production schedules, and other records and reports to determine production requirements and to evaluate current production estimates and outputs.
Set up, monitored, and adjusted the printing process on a control panel or computer monitor.
Regulated and monitored weekly overtime hours and lay off list, both mandatory and volunteer.
Performed preventive maintenance.
Monitored gauges, dials, or other indicators to make sure a machine was working properly.
Conducted employee training in equipment operations, safety and housekeeping procedures, and assign new employee training to experienced workers.
Pulled product to check for quality control.
Followed bill of material to meet and exceed customers’ expectations.

Administrative Responsibilities:
Trained and evaluated new employees’ performance and ability to complete training.
Maintained records of employees' attendance and hours worked.
Assisted in employee evaluation and promotion meetings.
Familiar with Lean Mfg. and Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP)
Implemented cost and waste reductions, and process improvements.
Used critical thinking, quick decision making, problem solving, root cause analysis skills
Read and analyzed charts through D.A.C.S (Data Acquisition Control System)
Followed I.S.O (International Organization for Standardization)
Confirmed I.S.O. requirements are being carried through and followed by employees and kept training records and signoffs up to date.
Maintained operations data, such as time, production, and cost records, and prepare management reports of production results.
Conferred with management or subordinates to resolve worker problems, complaints, or grievances.
Recommended or implemented measures to motivate employees and to improve production methods, equipment performance, product quality, or efficiency through positive reinforcement.
Recommended or executed personnel actions, such as hiring’s, evaluations, disciplinary actions, positive reinforcements, and promotions.
Competed accident and incident reports, as needed for employees
Trained and conducted in house drug screenings, as needed.
Searched for and corrected problems to create a sufficient work environment.
Made quick corrections to avoid expensive losses of discs.
Attended supervisor meetings on scheduled days off.
Enforced safety regulations
Followed housekeeping procedures.
Conducted weekly team meetings.
Completed employee time cards daily through E-Time and Kronos computer programs.
Worked a 4x4 12 hour night shift for 25 years.

Military Experience 1991-1999

U.S. Army Reserve 1003rd and 828th Quarter Master Company, Scranton, Pa .
Supply Specialist and Small Engine Repair
Completed Eight Year Service Term as an E-4 Specialist.

Education History
Lakeland High School, Scott Twp. Pa.
June 1991
Attained High School Diploma

Keystone College, La Plume, Pa
May 1993
Attained Associates in Business Administrations

Lackawanna College, Scranton, Pa.
September 2018 – Present
Information Management with Microsoft Certification. Microsoft Word and PowerPoint certified as of December 2018. Completed Human Resource Management, Customer Service, Business Communications courses.

References: Available upon request

Contact this candidate
