
CURRICULUM VITAE

Mohan Lal Dwivedi
Mobile Numbers:- 009***********, 908-***-****
Email:- ac9z12@r.postjobfree.com

Post apply for Extruding Machine Operator
Career Objective
I wish to attain suitable position in an esteemed organization and wish to use all my constructive abilities and desirous to make my career by enhancing my quality of work as demand to achieve the desired result.

Work experience
Worked with M/S Key Packing- Pvt. Ltd. as a Extrusion Operator from 1985 to 1989 Product Manufactured
Cast Poly propylene film extrusion
Line with t-die duckle with 2.5 mtrs
Machine (reifenhanusar) German Machine (1985 Model
Worked with M/S Prakhyat Co-Extrusion Pvt. Ltd. Raigad an Extrusion Operator Jan 1990to August 1990.
Worked with M/S HMG Packaging Pvt. Ltd. Kamotha Panvel- Raigad as an Extrusion Operator.
Worked with M/S Oman Plastic Bage Co. P.O Box 5993 ruwi Muscat as a Senior Extruder Operator from 21st November 1993 to 11th January 1996
Lung Meng Machine Co. Blown Film Machine (Jamco) Lm/RH 75 Extruder (IBC Control)
Worked with Mascati Commercial Service LLC from 1997 to 2007 in Bahrain.
Worked with Union Pipe Industry as HDPE Pipe Line Operator from 2007 to 2013 in Abu Dhabi
Worked with Hapworth PME 2015 to 2019 Dubai

Duties and Responsibility
For past eighteen years independently worked in various capacity of polymers like BOPP plant HDPE, LDPE, PP, PE, PVC with different types of Machine including blown film, T types die, 3 layers and 5 layers Extruders plant, BOPP plant die size 2.5 meter, also German plant HDPE pipe 16 mm to 630 mm (Batten Field Extrusion)
Experience in Machine from Taiwan Italian and German Machine Good Knowledge of bags Making Machine also name lung mang hemingstone China Houng Machine All from Taiwan, Dolci Excursion from Italy.
Different types of Blend mixture for shopping bags heavy duty bags medium duty bags light produce bags, tectile packaging soft packaging General Purpose bags, T-shirts carries bags ice nags, etc.
Receive the job order from the supervisor.
Clean and arrange the work site and the machine.
Implementation of the work is based on the job order and sample attached.
Submit a daily production report of the machines to the shift supervisor.
Deliver the daily production waste to the shift supervisor and
Checking the quality of production continuously.
Write down the specifications on the product.
Handing over back the job order to the shift supervisor.
Do not start working without clear and complete job order.
Match the required measurements and formula (if applicable) written on the job order and the product must match the sample.
Provide samples of production to be giving for the quality officer or the shift supervisor.
Return all auxiliary equipments to its position after the completion of the work.
Must committed to the official working hours+ the overtime hours allowed by the administration.
Must wear the overall uniform and safety gears.
Work on the maximum production capacity possible with highest quality.
Follow the operating instructions of the machine.
Additional duties might be assigned by management.

Educational Qualification
Higher Secondary School Certificate
I.T.I Diploma of Motor Mechanic from Koinoor Institute of Mumbai.

Activities
Good knowledge regarding Management and Administrative responsibilities.
Have served for administrative and client relations.
Possess good communication abilities and convincing skills.
Problem solving at different levels of departments strong organizational and time management.
Update my technical skills and have better understanding of latest computer software that will help in administrative management.
Facilities control and Management.
Good problem solving skills.
Strong interpersonal
Dynamic enthusiastic and Creative individual
Able to Work under pressure and meet Deadlines
Self-confidence and friendly nature makes me to adjust easily with different people and situation.

Personal Details
Nationality : Indian
Date of birth : 01 August 1968
Gender : Male
Marital Status : Married
Visa Status : Employment (Transferable)
Language : English, Arabic, Urdu, Hindi

Passport Details
Passport No. : E3159717
Place of Issue : Indian
Date of Issue : 25-01-2013
Date of Expiry : 24-01-2023

Declaration
I hereby declare that the above given information is true, correct and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Date :
Place : ( Mohan Lal Dwivedi )

Contact this candidate
