
Curriculum Vitae
For Zinhle Wendy Memela
+27-73-854-****
adaavw@r.postjobfree.com
**/**/****

Persona

Name
Zinhle Wendy Memela

Date of birth
** *** ****

ID number
850**********

Driver’s Licence
Code 10 [ C1 ]

Nationality
South African

Race and Gender
Black Female

Availability
Immediately

Personality
Personality traits – collaboration, honesty, integrity, intensity and passion – necessary to blend with the rest of the team
I like to work in a dynamic organisation with vast growth potential
I am willing and able to work in a fast-paced organization, typical for an emerging organization
I am creative – but strong execution capabilities are critical for success.
I like to work in dynamic teams as well as on my own.
I am convincing because of my knowledge and clear communication.
Profile

I am an enthusiastic professional, who enjoys being part of a successful and productive team, quick to grasp new ideas and concepts, and to develop innovative and creative solutions to problems. Able to work well on my own initiative and can demonstrate the high levels of motivation required to meet the tightest of deadlines. Even under significant pressure, possesses a strong ability to perform effectively. Ability to work creatively and analytically in a problem-solving environment, ability to work in a team- oriented environment, good oral and written communication skills, flexible, good time management skills, presentation and project management skills.
To be in a company that will grow and prosper as a result of my contribution towards the company the goal and objective. I am an intelligent, smart and fast learning individual that adjust very well in a work environment thus being able to fulfil whatever might be expected of me in my work. I am an ambitious young woman, who self-driven and who can work with minimum supervisor.

Education

Tertiary Education
Qualification
Institution
Year
Majors
Operations Management
Varsity College
2013 (Completed)
Marketing, Project Management,

Inventory and Quality Management

Supply Chains
Management Strategies

Qualification
Institution
Year
Majors
Microsoft Soft Skills
Bytes Technology Group
2012 (Completed)
Microsoft Excel 2007 Data Analysis and Microsoft Excel 2007 Essentials

Secondary Education
Highest Grade
School
Year
Subjects
Matric Exemption (Grade 12)

Sthengile Secondary School
2003(Completed)

IsiZulu, English, Afrikaans, Biology, History, Speech & Drama

Experience and/or Employment History
Ignition Group

Responsibilities:
Obtains client information by answering telephone calls; interviewing clients; verifying information.
Determines eligibility by comparing client information to requirements.
Establishes policies by entering client information; confirming pricing.
Informs clients by explaining procedures; answering questions; providing information.
Maintains communication equipment by reporting problems.
Maintains and improves quality results by adhering to standards and guidelines; recommending improved procedures.
Updates job knowledge by studying new product descriptions; participating in educational opportunities.
Accomplishes sales and organization mission by completing related results as needed.

IRelax
Call Centre Agent Sales and Customer Care

Massage Therapist and sales lady
Current

February 2014 to 2016

Responsibilities:

To the client as well as the goodness of the product. Encouraging the client to buy the product brands.
Selling the product to the client and felling in the sells form and as well as the Order forms calculating the figures of the day and submitting the statistics to my manager.

Reason for leaving: I need growth and more permanent Job offer.

Berh South Africa
Production Supervisor
July 2004–Sept 2012

IT Programme Coordinator

March 2013 to Current

Responsibilities:

Staffer packer, staffing the tabulator inside the tube, machine operator stamped (TM1), changing material (foil) and oil

Accomplishes manufacturing staff results by communicating job expectations; planning, monitoring, coaching, counseling, and disciplining employees, coordinating, and enforcing systems, policies, and procedures.
Maintains staff by recruiting, selecting, orienting, and training employees; developing personal growth opportunities.
Conduct workshops

Completes production plan by scheduling and assigning personnel; accomplishing work results; establishing priorities; monitoring progress; revising schedules; resolving problems; reporting results of the processing flow on shift production summaries.
Maintains quality service by establishing and enforcing organization standards.
Ensures operation of equipment by calling for repairs; evaluating new equipment and techniques.
Provides manufacturing information by compiling, initiating, sorting, and analyzing production performance records
Maintains safe and clean work environment by educating and directing personnel on the use of all control points, equipment, and resources; maintaining compliance with established policies and procedures
Controlling the production machines and set up the speed

Dealing with the labor issues leave forms, sick leaves and the weekly pay roll. Organising a strong working team and do trainings for my team if necessary
Managing and controlling housekeeping
Controlling and minimizing the scrap production as well as rejects.

Reason for leaving: Retrenched.

Employment Summary

Company

Position Held

Dates Employed
IRelax
Massage Therapist and sales lady
February 2014 to Current
Berh South Africa
Production Supervisor
July 2004–Sept 2012

References
References provided upon request.

Contact this candidate
