
House # *, Road # **, Block # D, Pallabi, Mirpur -12, Dhaka
Email: adaao8@r.postjobfree.com Mobile: +880 163-***-**** CV – MD. ISMAIL SELIM
PERSONAL ATTRIBUTES
o Excellent communication skills, able to impart verbal and written technical information in a clear and concise manner.
o Excellent interpersonal skills, able to relate, establish effective rapport and win respect from people at all levels.
o Outstanding organization and time management skills, complemented by the ability to prioritize and manage multiple duties under pressure with courtesy and tact.
o A fast learner, adaptable and highly motivated, capable of operating independently or as part of a professional team.
o Sharp analytical mind, with a powerful leaning towards complex problem solving. o Determined and persistent, with a strong work ethic. TECHNICAL SKILLS
Compressor: Grasso, Gram, York, Sabroe, Howden
Freezer: Jackstone, Spril, Eurotek, Hydraulic
Other: Glycol system, Cooling system, ICC machine
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
Senior Supervisor, Refrigeration
Al-Watania Poultry – Qassim, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia April 2008 – March 2019
Duties Perform:
o Supervise and instruct assistants.
o Operate YoRK, Sabroe, Gram,Howden, Grasso compressor system and repair if required
o Operate glycol/chilled water/ICC machine/cooling system and repair if required o Repair Hydraulic, Jackstone, Spril, Eurotek freezers o Read blueprints to determine location, size, capacity, and type of components needed to build refrigeration system
o Braze or solder parts to repair defective joints and leaks. o Observe and test system operation, using gauges and instruments. o Test lines, components, and connections for leaks and repair. o Dismantle malfunctioning systems and test components, using electrical, mechanical, and pneumatic testing equipment.
– 2 –
o Adjust or replace worn or defective mechanisms and parts, and reassemble repaired systems.
o All systems maintenance
Supervisor
MAWTS Institute of Technology – Dhaka, Bangladesh
January 2005 – March 2008
Duties performed:
o Motivate and develop team members.
o General bench and fitting works.
o Operating and maintaining on lathe, drill, shaper, milling, grinding and other machinery.
o Floor and ceiling using hand or power tools or machines. o Clean & maintain pipe unit and fitting, remove and replace worn components. Site Engineer
Speed Builders & Engineers
April 2004 – July 2004
Duties performed:
o Supervise skilled and semiskilled workers for the production of Material Structural Parts, Piping.
o Steel Fabrication including Measuring, Marking, Cutting and Welding works of different new.
o Building and Repairing vessel as per Engineering Drawing with the safety observation.
o Prepare progressive reports and place those to the higher author and co-ordinate with client’s time.
o Look after arrangements of Materials, Tools and Equipments. Section in-Charge
Bangla- Yuncheng Plate Making Co., Ltd.
January 2004 – March 2004
Duties performed:
o Look after section and train up team members
o Ensure jobs are done on time
o To set up the accurate measurement in copper milling machine o Set up drawing & design in engraving machine
– 3 –
Pipe Fitter & Plumber
M/S. Sarker Enterprise
February 2002 - November 2003
Duties performed:
o Steel fabrication and assemble.
o Maintain and repair piping systems carrying water. o Steam, Chemicals and fuel in heating.
o Cooling lubricating and different new.
QUALIFICATIONS
2002-2003 Machinist
SOS Vocational Training Centre – Dhaka, Bangladesh 2001 Secondary School Certificate
Mirpur Bangla High School – Dhaka, Bangladesh
2001 Trade Course in Plumbing & Pipe Fitting
Lizon Technical Institute – Dhaka, Bangladesh
1998 Trade Course in Refrigeration & Air-conditioning Bangladesh German Technical Training Centre – Dhaka, Bangladesh LANGUAGES
Fluent in Bengali, Conversational in English, Hindi & Urdu REFEREES
Available upon request

Contact this candidate
