
To whom it may concern

RE: APPLICATION FOR A JOB VACANCY

Dear: Sir/ Madam

I, Simeon Ezra, express my interest in being employed at your company. I am self-motivated, dedicated, a fast learner, hardworking and capable of working on my own or as part of a team.
I am a dynamic person with excellent objective powers of reasoning and I possess impressive talent for interacting with people from all walks of life.

My strengths lie in my ability to work consistently and have tasks due within deadlines with the least amount of supervision from my superior. I believe I have the potential to accomplish what ever task I put my mind to, I am a driven and ambitious young man who will try, my best to perform my duties well and be efficient in it. I will see my duties through till it has been finished.

I’m always well organized in my work and prioritize my work so that I am efficient and effective in my duties and responsibilities and make the most of my time count. I work well with others; I'm friendly, respectable and often respected by others. I hold good morals and values and abide by them.

I know how to communicate well with others. I am always striving to do better, achieve more and improve my performance and simplify things, at the same time I understand the importance of following instructions and accomplishing them in the manner in which it has been requested. Given the opportunity to be part of your organization, I know I will prove to be an asset.

Above all, my inherent ability to handle difficult situations and work under pressure has been my greatest asset. Apart from hard work I can also offer your institute my dedication and loyalty

Herewith is a copy of my Curriculum for your consideration.

I thank you for your time and patience and looking forward to hearing from you.

Yours Sincerely

Simeon Ezra

CURRICULUM VITAE

OF

SIMEON EZRA

PERSONAL DETAILS

Surname : Ezra

Full Name : Simeon

Identity Number : 870-***-**** 088

Date Of Birth : 8 September 1987

Address : 114 Valley View Road
Escombe
Queensburgh
Durban
4093

Contact Numbers : 084-****-***

Email address : adaa06@r.postjobfree.com

Driver’s License : Code 10 own car

Sex : Male

Nationality : South African

Marital Status : Married

Dependents : 2

Language : English

Health : Excellent

Criminal Offenses : None

Summary of Skills

Self-motivated and ability to work in a team environment
Problem solving, planning and organizational skills
Working within strict deadlines
Planning and Organizing

I have over 10 years of working experience. I have worked and gained a lot of experience in various Industries and companies. I am currently working at Custom Bulk bags as an Extruder Machine Operator

I am also a qualified CO2, Mig and Tig welder. I do have a lot of experience in welding. During the weekends and my spare time, I manufacture gates, pot stands and steel tables and sell them.

ACADEMIC DETAILS

Secondary Education : Hillgrove Secondary School
(Newlands West, Kwa-Zulu Natal, South Africa)

Highest Grade : Matric (2004)

Tertiary Education

Institution: Samson School of Welding
Date: 2009
Qualification: Qualified Welder.

Welding Qualification: Co2 Welding
: Mig
: Tig
: Arc

Qualifications and certificates available upon request

EMPLOYMENT DETAILS

Name of Employer : Custom Bulk Bags

Period. : June 2017 to Current

Position Held. : Extruder Machine Operator

Duties :

I Work in the butterfly department we manufacture back to school flip files
I Set, run and operate the Extrusion machines at or above standard levels of operation including safety, quality, efficiency, scrap, and utilization
This includes running multiple lines at once.
Placing finished rolls of sheet onto racks.
Climbing into towers to sting up extrusion lines, and assisting with roll pulling as needed.
Trouble shoot, identify and correct machine related problems through proper adjustments to various parts of the machine.
Complete appropriate end of shift paperwork, accounting for crewing time, machine time, and production quantities.
General housekeeping and adhere to standard work, and safety guidelines.
Manufacture 3,2 tons of roll orders a day.

Name of Employer : Titus trucking

Period. : May 2016 to Current: (Part time on weekends)

Position Held. : Mig and Tig Welder

Duties :

Titus is a small medium enterprise company in the Durban they do repairs on various trucks and trailers
Welding on Trailers, gearboxes and shafts

References : Kevin Naidoo ( Director)

Contact Number. : 083-***-****

Reason for leaving : Still Assist this companies on certain weekends.

Name of Employer : Transman( Recruitment Agency)

Period. : April 2016 to May 2017:
(As and when needed)

Position Held. : Welder ( Part Time)

Duties :

I used to work for various client’s site as a welder for Transman whenever they needed me.
I used to work on certain shutdowns.
I did Co2, Mig, Arc and Tig welding
I also did steel fabrication
Stick welding.

Clients sites worked at: Aveng Infraset (3 month)
Eurosteel (1 month)
SA Ship Yard (1 month)
Marine & Hydraulics (2 months)
Industrial Maintenance services (3 month)

Shutdowns worked on: Lignotech (1 week)
: Sappi (2 weeks)
: Mondi (2 weeks)
: Idwala Industrial holdings (2 weeks)

References : Karusha Kisten
(Technical Recruitment consultant)

Contact Number. : 074-*******

Reason for leaving : Left for a permanent job at CBB,

Name of Employer : Alpha Engineering Supplies

Period. : April 2013 to March 2016.

Position Held. : Co2, Mig, Tig and Arc welder

Duties
Alpha Engineering supplies manufacture and supply engineering cutting tools, abrasive
power and air tools and various hand tools.
Mig welding
Tig welding
Arc welding
Steel fabrications
Also, should work on various shutdowns in the Secuda area whenever required. Alpha engineering had a tender to work on the shutdowns.

References : Veni Govender( Director)

Contact Number. : 084*******

Reason for leaving : Retrenched

Name of Employer : Panbro Plastics

Position Held : Machine Operator

Period : January 2010- March 2013

Duties :

POSITIONS HELD AT PANBRO

BAGGING MACHINE OPERATOR:
Operate and set different bagging machines
Work on an XL machine.
Work on a punching machine, which is used to punch handles for the packets.
Work on the Avro machine, which is used for side and bottom seals of packets
Work on the carrier bagging machine, which is used to cut packets.
Ensure that production is met according to the target and order.

EXTRUSION/ BLOW MACHINE OPERATOR
Operated the extrusion machine only
Worked on a venus machine
Always ensured that the hopper was filled with the correct amount of material.
Ensured that the machine was always heated up and running
Ensured that the shaft cores where inserted into the shaft properly.
Also checked size of the plastics and gussets.
Manufacture 3,2 tons of roll orders a day.

SLITTING MACHINE OPERATOR
Worked and operated on a pelican slitter
Checked the size of the roll, the speed of the machine.
Ensured that the machine had the correct blade and also that the eye and barcode on the roll matched.
Silted on a polyprop roll and clear plastic.

OTHER EXPERIENCES

QUALITY CONTROLLER: Acting assistant Quality Controller when the employee on leave or not available.
Worked as a qc to gain experience
Checked size and quality of material and then passed it.
Checked all types of plastic material.

FIRST AID SAFETY OFFICER.
I had to ensure that the injured patient is stabilized.
Was in charge of any 1st aid enquires and injuries

Reason for leaving : Left for better prospects

Reference : Mark (Foreman)

Contact number(s) : 031-***-****

Name Of Employer : Dormac Shipping

Position Held : Trainee Welder

Period : March 2008-December 2009

Duties :

Worked on the ships and in the fabrication store
Co2 welding
Steel fabrication
Arc welding
Assembling
Plating

Reason for leaving : In service trainee contact ended

Reference : Denver Pillay( Manager)

Contact number(s) : 031-***-****

Contact this candidate
