
Education

Grade ** Diploma Austin O’Brien High School
Edmonton, AB
Grade 12 Diploma 1999

Career goals and Additional Qualifications Studies/Certificates
I am looking to continue work in the road building earth works industry as I have been at this for a long time I would like to see how far I can take my career. I have reached the level of superintendent and truly enjoy the work. With my extensive background and long history in the field I find myself to be an extremely competent operator with literally hundreds of hours in equipment. From Gomacos, Graders, Mixers, Hoes to skid steers I can effectively and efficiently build a road or whole subdivision from scratch. I am an excellent team leader with certifications from MERIT in Construction Management, as well Leadership and OH&S safety course certificates from ASCA. I manage time, assets and people very well. I love a challenge and enjoy getting the chance to learn something new. I am not seeking employment at just any company I am looking for long term stable company where I can make a difference with my knowledge and skills become a member of the family, as I am starting one myself I know how important that is. Did I mention I also run pavers.

Employment History

CARMACKS ENTERPRISES August 2017- 2019
Edmonton, AB.
Earthworks Superintendent.

Duties:
As an Earthwork Superintendent I provide day to day oversight and direction to the foremen and field personnel assigned to on-site construction projects. I am responsible for protecting and promoting the interests and values of the company in all matters and to take actions as required to satisfy responsibilities.
With my hands-on construction background, achieving the level of Earthwork Superintendent I bring specialized knowledge and experience in executing projects for civil, road, residential, as well as large/small scale commercial construction.
Job Responsibilities
• Prepare for project startup with the General Superintendent, Assistant General Superintendent and Project Manager. Execute project activities as required to meet day-to-day and overall objectives.
• Understand and apply the requirements in project documents with regards to quality control procedures such as testing, shop drawings, material approvals, samples, mock-ups, execution of the work, etc.
• Become familiar with each job estimate for general condition items and follow the direction of the General Superintendent with regards to performing work within the boundaries of the estimate.
• Keep the General Superintendent and Assistant General Superintendent apprised of any change in activity or cost prior to incurring additional time or materials outside of the project scope.
• Provide input on scheduling and placement of production crews. Plan and review the construction project with the General Superintendent, Assistant General Superintendent and Project Manager on a weekly basis. Supervise the scheduling and completion of warranty issues.
• Assist the General Superintendent and Assistant General Superintendent in the preparation of progress schedules, keep them properly updated, and ensure that everything feasible is done for the project to meet the required dates.
• Support the General Superintendent to ensure timely on-site delivery of materials and equipment furnished by the Company and subcontractors.
• Direct and train the foremen and field staff to ensure their continued development by use of performance evaluations, varying assignments, and promoting positive project morale.
• Work with the Safety Director to establish and maintain good safety and security practices for the entire project in accordance with applicable safety codes and regulations.
• Develop final punch lists and ensure all project tasks are completed.

CARMACKS ENTERPRISES August 2017- 2018
Edmonton, AB.
Base Foreman, Equipment Operator

Duties:
As a foreman I was responsible for weekly safety meetings, daily hazard assessments, equipment field logs, time and quantities to finish job on budget and on time. I was responsible for the job from start to finish, Grading clay subgrade with a 140H CAT. Ordering and placing 20mm crush, trimming with Gomaco, raising Iron E.g. Manholes and Water valves prepping for asphalt. I was also responsible for our job trailer, tools and company truck.

EARTH WISE CONSTRUCTION August 2016- 2017
Edmonton, AB.
Base Foreman, Grader Operator

Duties:
As a foreman I was responsible for weekly safety meetings, daily hazard assessments, equipment field logs, time and quantities to finish job on budget and on time. I was responsible for the job from start to finish, Grading clay subgrade with a 140H CAT. Ordering and placing 20mm crush, trimming with Gomaco, raising Iron E.g. Manholes and Water valves prepping for asphalt. I was also responsible for our job trailer, tools and company truck.

MID-CITY CONSTRUCTION. 2015-2016
Edmonton, AB.
Heavy Equipment Operator

Duties:
As a lead hand to the foreman I ran the Grader 140H CAT prepping clay subgrade, lowering Iron E.g. Manholes and Water valves, placing 20mm crush to grade with the 140H CAT and Skid steer raising iron prepping for asphalt.

FATH GROUP. 2012-2015
Edmonton, AB.
Heavy Machine and Equipment Operator.

Duties:
I was a lead heavy equipment operator and lead hand to foreman. I was responsible for clay subgrade and soil cement base for residential rehab sidewalks and lane ways. 20mm gravel base. Running a Gomaco 3600 and commander lll we would complete the neighbourhoods ahead of schedule.

References upon request thank you.

Contact this candidate
