
RESUME
MUKHTAR ALI AHMAD
Email: adaac8@r.postjobfree.com, Mobile-, +974********
CAREER PROFILE
To obtain a challenging position where my knowledge, experience and skills will be contributed towards the development of the organization,
Highly accomplished management professional with a dynamic career of 14 years, reflecting pioneering experience in shipping Logistics Operation,Port facility operation,Warehouse operation, Fleet management equipment operation management,material controlling, transportation, Dispatch shipping controlling, organizer & planner with the demonstrated ability to implement effective process control and quality improvement initiatives. Fully versed with occupational and workplace safety. Work Experience & Employment History 14 years’ Experience:- Major company work experience in Saudi Arabia
Al Majdoui group Logistic sand supply Chain Company (DAMMAM, JUBAIL) ABOUT MORE THAN 3000 OWN FLEET INLCUDING TRUCKS TRAILERS INDUSTRIAL EQUIPMENTS SEWEEPING MACHINE FORKIFT, LOADER AND CARNES. 4. MSTC Fleet Management company & Global group of companies From 2017 to 2019
UNDER KARWA MOWASALAT QATAR TRANSPORT SERVICES QATAR Designation -: Fleet operation Supervisor (Fleet Management Division) Place -: Qatar Doha
Responsibilities Handled:
o Planning monitoring and managing of fleet movement for day to day operation and execution as per the assignment for respective area. o Implanting procedure for Delivering quality work on time. o Managing allocation of manpower, Document preservation department wise. o Order follow-up to execute urgent fleet movement. o Purchase order raising and follow-up.
o Controlling of Damage vehicle & quality control management. o Preparing Purchase order for the urgent material procurement of vehicle. o Regulate movement of vehicle fleet, in synchronization with fleet management personnel to ensure uninterrupted (without affecting the process) operations. o Supervising of Dispatch activities to verify the exact numbers of vehicle. 3. Sadara petrochemical Company project
Al Majdoui Logistics Company (Derijke Petrochemical Logistics)-: Designation : - Logistics supervisor (Shipping Division) Place : - Saudi Arabia 2013 to 2016 -: Sadara petrochemical project Accountabilities:
• Planning routes and load scheduling for multi-drop deliveries.
• Booking in deliveries and liaising with customers.
• Allocating and recording resources and movements on the transport planning system.
• Ensuring all partners in the supply chain are working effectively and efficiently to ensure smooth operations.
• Communicating effectively with clients and responding to their requirements.
• Booking sub-contractors and ensuring they deliver within agreed terms. Transport management:
• Directing all transportation activities.
• Developing transportation relationships.
• Monitoring transport costs.
• Negotiating and bargaining transportation prices.
• Dealing with the effects of congestion.
• Confronting climate change issues by implementing transport strategies and monitoring an organisation’s carbon footprint.
• Attach identifying information and delivery instructions on containers.
• Organize records of goods shipped. Administration support delivering to Management Document preservation.
• Safety standard follow up, implementing organizing at work operation area.
• Planning stuffing, and order follow-up.
o Handling of Polymer packing materials for petrochemical solid, PP, LDPE, HDPE, and PC Product, including consumable product, industrial electrical roles, wooden pallets, steel product, Rolling Equipment etc… 2- SAUDI KAYAN Petrochemical Company, MDR LOGISTICS Project Designation: - Logistics shipping officer 2012 TO 2014 Place: - Saudi Arabia Jubail
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES HANDLED
o Managing manpower to load or offload the material on time & Document preservation of import export materials.
o Inventory management and controlling by conducting weekly cycle counting. o Local truck follow up for sequence loading, safe operation on loading, unloading activities
o Container follow-up from terminal to execute right material stuffing to EXPORT (FOB)
o Order follow-up to execute urgent material movement. o Controlling of Damage material & quality control management. o Material stacking follow-up, liquid chemical, wooden pallet & packaging material managing.
o Scrutinize housekeeping of the warehouse to comply with the company’s standards for entire area.
o Mapping customer requirement and handling logistics operations, planning and execution of consignments for strategic customers. o Mapping customer needs, Capturing Customer Complaints, facilitating o Process movement securement for minimizing complaint resolution lead time. o Leading team of equipment Operator for Inbound and Outbound movements, Clearance and inland transportation.
o Overall operation and scheduling vehicles for quality and branding stuffs. o Order preparation allocation equipment as per the requirement and Contract management.
1. Relygn Tech Pvt Limited.
Designation: - Project operation coordinator
Jharsuguda India 2007 TO 2012
Job Roles & Responsibilities.
o Material inspection, stacking plan for Hydraulic system,hose cylinder o Deliver and store materials to proper locations based on production/distribution needs
o Internal material shifting plan.
o Maintenance plan
o Inspection and storage area identification.
o Document preservation like BILL OF LADING, PACKING LIST, and Delivery Notes and Delivery note manifest and cross checking of materials. o Damage material reporting, etc….
SKILLS & IT EXPETIES:-
o Extensive experience in Shipping Logistics Operation o Proficient in MS Office, Logistics Warehouse software, SAP o Word, excel, power point operation.
o Inventory, Admin Support, Corporate Communication, o Sound knowledge of handling of Rolling equipment’s o Strong time-management and organizational skills o Effective interpersonal and Customer service skills o Excellent verbal and written communication skills, o Outstanding ability to Write Procedure of warehouse logistics operation dangerous and non-dangerous product handling
o Familiar with MSDS of multiple Products.
Achievement during service:
Received Recognition for outstanding performance
Appreciation certification
Shipping target Achieving Recognition
EDUCATION:
I COM - 2002
Business Administration June 2003 -April 2006 – Bhubaneswar, India April 2007- June 2011 (Logistics Supply chain) Logistics supply chain management Certification
Safety program certification
• HOT WORK & COLD WORK
• CONFINED SPACE SAFETY MEASURES
• INDUSTRIAL SAFETY TRAINIG
• ISOLATION OF ENERGY
• PERMIT ISSUE OROCESS
• KNOWLEDGE OF HAZRDIOUS NO HAZARDIOUS CHEMICAL
Language proficiency
English, Urdu, Arabic and Hindi– Reading and speaking Computer proficiency
Excellent command of MS Windows, MS Office Applications &SAP (Word & Excel). E-mail Communication and good internet Navigation. Personal Data
Gender : Male
Date of Birth : 26 Jan 1981
Marital Status : Married
Nationality : Indian
Authorized Candidate for : Middle East and entire western region. Nationality & Country of Residence : India
Passport No. : J7316302 valid up to 2022
Indian Driving License Available
Reference: Mr. Nadeem project finance Head
Date & Place 28/02/2018 Mukhtar Ali Ahmad
Name& Signature

Contact this candidate
