
Resume of
Diana M Hassett
*** ****** ******* ****
Bartlett, IL. 60103
630-***-****

Objective

Professional work environment where my skills and experience will be utilized and expanded on.

Work Experience

Source North America Feb. 2019 to Aug. 2019 - Customer Service Representative

Responsible for taking calls and working with customers in a fast pace will call area. I provide quotes, availability and pricing from many different vendors. Entering accepted quotes to become orders and worked with the customer to ensure accuracy and delivery. Personal sales volume was around 100K a month. Communicated with shipping to ensure orders were pulled when needed. Worked with sales team to support expedited orders.

Mid-States Industrial Sales, Inc. 2414 W. Algonquin Rd #606 Algonquin IL Dec 2007 – Feb 2019 Customer Service Representative

I performed the ordering of customer product, receiving of order, customer order taking and shipping of orders. I worked directly with customers taking their orders and ensuring that their special requirements are met. I ordered products to meet the demand of sales. I reviewed the receipts of shipments of products to meet the customer orders. I ensured that orders were shipped correctly to customer and invoices were sent to the customers.

Midwest Physical Therapy 500 Park Blvd Itasca IL Feb 2002 – December 2007 Receptionist

As the receptionist I greeted customers and scheduled all appointments and answered customer’s calls. I communicated with the doctors on requests from customers.

BMI; Schaumburg, IL July 1998 to Feb. 2002: General Office

Duties performed: Customer service, order entry, data entry, purchasing, receiving, filing, receptionist, issuing jobs, tracking new tools, updating files. Coordinating with the Engineers and Production Manager, issue all paperwork and prints to production. Contacting customers and suppliers throughout their orders, verifying completed orders and shipping information. I used office programs Lotus Notes, Vantage, word and excel.

Babies “R” Us/Baby Super Store; Schaumburg, IL March 1996 to June 1998: Administrator

Performed many different administrator duties including handling and counting money, organizing files, doing daily reports that are generated from sales. Supervised the cashiers, duties included: setting up the registers in the morning, register training, scheduling, and customer service. Recruiter duties: interviews, reference checks, all new hire paper work, orientation, coordinating with the corporate office with new information.

California Microwave TTS, Bloomingdale, IL Feb. 1994 to June 1995: Production Operator

Performed many different operations with the production of circuit boards. Inspection, which required identifying and reading values of components and repair of boards as, needed.

Circuit Service Inc., Wheeling, IL May 1993 to Feb. 1994: SMT Operator

Setup SMT related equipment along with operating oven, pick and place, screen printer, and glue dispenser. Reading drawings verifies alignment and identifies component values and package types.

Lightner Associates Inc., Wheeling, IL June 1988 to May 1993: Supervisor

Production scheduling related to my department and interface with Engineering, Sales, and Production Control. Performed machine setups and some repairs. Performed final inspection when needed.

Education, Skills

James B. Conant High School, Hoffman Estates, IL
Speak Spanish
Office skills include: Use of personal computer programs such as: Microsoft Word and Excel

Contact this candidate
