
Arlisa Strickland
**** ******* ** ****, *******, GA 30233
678-***-**** adab9i@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Warehouse worker with strong work ethic and (7)+ years hands-on experience. Reliable and hardworking warehouse operator committed to getting each job done as quickly, efficiently, and safely as possible.
Possesses impeccable written and verbal communication skills and excellent interpersonal skills.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCES
American Woodmark Jackson, GA
General Warehouse Laborer 2013 – Present
Examine materials to verify conformance to quality standards.
Mark or tag identification on defective parts.
Picked material by headset in a timely manner to be assembled.
Cleaned material and carts.
Examine documents, materials, or products and monitor work processes to assess completeness, accuracy, and conformance to standards and specifications.
Pack and unpack items to be stocked on shelves in stockrooms, warehouses, or storage yards.
Verify inventory computations by comparing them to physical counts of stock, and investigate discrepancies or adjust errors.
Store items in an orderly and accessible manner in warehouses, tool rooms, supply rooms, or other areas.
Clean and maintain supplies, tools, equipment, and storage areas in order to ensure compliance with safety regulations.
Determine proper storage methods, identification, and stock location based on turnover, environmental factors, and physical capabilities of facilities.
Examine and inspect stock items for wear or defects, reporting any damage to supervisors.
Recommend disposal of excess, defective, or obsolete stock.
Served as a UPS warehouse person with the use of an RF Scanner.
Weigh and measure packages and document information.
Handled all packages safely and with service in mind.
Inspected packages for damaged and followed handling protocols.
Safely lifted heavy packages to prevent injury.
Met and surpassed productivity targets and quality standards.
Volunteered to train in additional areas.

TA Atlanta South Jackson, GA
Customer Service Retail 2010 - 2013
Maintained parts and supplies to manage the maintenance and repair shop for truck drivers.
Answered an average of (50) calls per day and addressed incoming customer inquiries and offered productive solutions that increased customer satisfaction.
Utilized trouble-shooting skills to assist customers and encourage continual feedback.
Addressed and resolved customer issues utilizing effective listening and problem solving skills.
Improved communication with other departments to achieve project deadlines and enhance team building.
Created solutions for customers with product inquiries to increase return business and customer satisfaction.
Conducted weekly walk-throughs with the Manager to discuss interior visual displays.
Handled daily heavy flow paperwork and cooperated departments on invoicing and shipping problems.

GENCO (Kimberly Clarke) McDonough, GA
Licensed Trained Operator 2007 – 2010
Achieved a (95) % on -time shipment rate.
Safely moved freight, stocked and other materials to and from storage, production areas, and loading docks.
Sorted cargo before loading and unloading.
Stacked and transported all overstock to storage areas.
Reported directly to the Operations Manager.
Safely loaded materials for delivery onto trucks in cooperation with the truck drivers.
Unloaded and stocked incoming material from vendors.
Operated forklift equipment and performed routine maintenance during down time.
Professionally and courteously assisted all customers as they entered the yard for material pick-up or returns.
Served as a UPS & FED-EX warehouse person with the use of an RF Scanner.
Pulled and stocked orders in a temperature controlled setting.
Utilize forklift to pull orders, work in the receiving and shipping department, picking, packing, and scanning orders using a palletizer and doing inventory.
Reported any overages, shortages, or damages from the delivery to the appropriate agents and followed packing instructions as indicated by paperwork.

Ken’s Food Inc. McDonough, GA
Machine Operator 2006 – 2007
Safely made minor repairs and adjustments to machines operated.
Operated microfilm machines and equipment with speed and accuracy.
Inspected work for accuracy.
Performed related work as assigned.
Determined schedules and priorities.
Maintained operating schedules.
Inspected work for conformance with specifications and procedure.
Operated computerized office equipment such as scanners, microfilm machines, and readers.
Arranged things or actions in a certain order or pattern according to a specific rule or set of rules.
Administrative and clerical procedures and systems such as word processing, managing files and records, and designing forms.
Performed repetitive tasks over and over.
Consistently meet and exceed goals.
Coordinated calibrating various types of machines.

Love’s Traveling Center Jackson, GA
Head Cashier 2005 – 2006
Assist various employees with training and understanding job requirements.
Answered customers’ questions, and provided information on procedures.
Computed and recorded totals of transactions.
Counted money in cash drawers at the beginning of shifts to ensure that amounts were correct and that there was adequate change.
Established and identified prices of goods, and tabulated bills using calculators, cash registers, and optical price scanners.
Greeted customers entering Store.
Issued receipts, refunds, credits, and change due to customers.
Maintained clean and orderly checkout areas.
Monitored checkout stations to ensure that they had adequate cash available and that they were staffed appropriately.
Processed merchandise returns and exchanges.
Received payment by cash, check, credit cards, vouchers, and automatic debits.
Requested information or assistance using paging systems.
Resolved customer complaints.
Sorted, counted, and wrapped currency and coins.
Weighed items sold by weight in order to determine prices.
Accepted reservations and requests for take-out orders.
Calculated total payments received during a time period, and reconciled this with total sales.
Cashed checks for customers.
Kept periodic balance sheets of amounts and numbers of transactions.
Stocked shelves, and marked prices on shelves and items.

EDUCATION
GED Massapequa, PA
Home Study Careers 2001

SKILLS/CERTIFICATION
Customer Service
Excellent communication skills, both oral and written
Fast learner
Deadline -driven
Forklift Certified
Proficient in Microsoft Office, Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint
Excellent hand-eye coordination and dexterity
7 years and more of manufacturing experience in a fast paced and high volumes assembly manufacturing facility.
Material handling
Highly skilled in packaging and labeling merchandise.
Attention to detail
Team player, always willing to help/support team efforts
Able to work independently with little or no supervision
Ready to take initiative/leadership, should situation require it

REFERENCES
References available upon request

Contact this candidate
