
WAQAS AHMED S/O RUKHSAR AHMED
Finishing Foreman.
SOLB Steel Company, KSA.
Cell # 00966-0594970355
Whatsapp # 0092-304-***-****
Passport # kz1164051
Skype ID: waqasahmed00
E-Mail: adabqn@r.postjobfree.com
Career Objective:
“To excel my career in the field of “Rolling” by accepting challenges and hard work in a fast paced competitive environment. Looking for an opportunity to explore engineering skill and implement them”.
Summary:
“I have expertise in Bar rolling and Coil Rolling.”
After spending almost a decade in Steel rolling industry, I still claim myself to be a student; I am still learning and will continue to do so as long as I am working. I have experience in mill operation, installation and commissioning, Coil rolling & Thermo-processing. Since I have a metallurgical background, the metallurgical aspects of rolling have always been a great attraction for me.
I have been privileged to work with companies who are the pioneers of some of the rolling technologies in Pakistan and in Saudi Arabia.
Experience : 07 Yrs.
Finishing Facility Foreman
SOLB Steel Company (KSA)
Feb’ 2014 – Present (3 years)

Responsibilities:
Making the finishing area / coil ready for rolling.
Maintaining discipline in fining area.
Making sure all the safety parameters must be followed.
Making sure all the SOP’s must be followed.
Controlling manpower in finishing area and assigning duties.
Arrangement of spares.
Monitoring the quality aspects of bars & coils.
Making web report heat wise.
Sap Posting.
Continuous focus on yield.
Minimizing short bars.
Minimizing delays.
Improving mill Availability.
Maintaining TMT parameters as per size, speed and grade requirement.
Helping shift leader during pass changes and size changes.
Monitoring the attendance of shift personals.
Creating a healthy working environment where everyone feel comfortable and participate as active member of team to achieve company goals.
Coil handling.

Finishing Facility Operator
SOLB Steel Company (KSA)
2012 ~ 2014 (02 Years)
Responsibilities:
At Cold Shear Pulpit:
Coordinating with finishing foreman regarding hot cut length to achieve the maximum yield by minimizing head, tail cut and last bar length.
Adjusting the Stopper length as per requirement and making sure that the length is OK.
Routine checking of length at least 4 to 5 times per shift.
Keeping the work safe and equipment in good and healthy condition by following the SOP’s.
Checking the surface defects of bars such as fish tail, over fill, under fill, etc. and communicating with shift foreman.
Checking mass variation to keep the weight of the bar in check.
Cutting cobbles on mill floor.
Trouble shooting during problem.
Maintain good housekeeping in my area of work.
Continuous communication with main pulpit regarding the sample cutting if have any changes made in mill speed and/or TMT parameters to ensure required tensile properties.

Chain Transfer Pulpit:
I worked as a chain transfer pulpit operator in SOLB Steel also. The duties I performed there are as under,
Adjustment in parameters to maintain a smooth rolling process.
Making sure no short bar will go in bundle.
Manual removal of short bar from chain transfer.
Continuous focus on less count and over count. As they can cause bad name for company.
Segregation of hold bundles during any delay such as size changes or pass changes.
Continuous check on bar surface quality.
If found any abnormality immediate contact to man pulpit and foreman.
Cobble cutting.
Maintain good housekeeping.
Making work safe by following SOP’s.
Any other job assigned by superiors.

Tagging Pulpit:
Being a finishing Facility operator I also worked as a reliever for tagging Pulpit, the duties I performed there are,
Putting tags to bundles as prime hold or rejected.
Stacking of bundles in coordination with logistic as per their status.
Marking rejected bundles with red paint so that they must not be mixed with prime even tag fall.
Logging down every bundle weight in log sheet to check less count or over count.
Segregation of hold bundles during any delay of maintenance time.
Cobble cutting.
Maintaining good housekeeping in my area of work.
Any other job assigned by superior.

Finishing Operator:
Amreli Steel Limited (Pakistan)
January 2010 – February 2012 (2 years 2 months)
Joined Amreli Steel as a fresh candidate and worked there for 4 years. The duties I performed there are as,
Cutting samples from cooling bed to check the surface imperfections and mass variation of bar.
Arranging spares for shift.
Maintaining TMT parameters to achieve desired set of mechanical properties for given size and speed.
Daily report making for yield, TMT and mass variation.
Cutting cobbles to reduce the delay.
Cold shear operation.
Tying machine operation.
Tagging pulpit operation.
Over head crane operation.
Expertise:
Punctuality.
Good discipline.
Good interpersonal relation with fellow team members.
Quite good in English, writing and speaking.
Comprehensive knowledge of Rolling.
Clear approach about the effect of various rolling parameters on final mechanical properties of rolled products.
Excellent knowledge of Rolling defects such as Over Fill, under fill, Excess and under fin, De-carburization, mass variation, twisting, etc.
Education

Metallurgical Training Center
Diploma, Metallurgy
Diploma of Associate Engineer (Metallurgy), with first class first position
S.M. Science College
HSC, Pre-Engineering
Pre-Engineering
Activities and Societies: National Cadet Corps
I.H.A Public School
Matriculation, Maths, Physics, Chemistry
Did my matriculation from I.H.A Public School.
Activities and Societies: Boy Scouts

Reference:
Will be furnished on request.

Contact this candidate
