
Pawanpreet Singh
Mechanical Engineer
Profile
A detail oriented and trustworthy individual with a history of successful and timely-completing projects in Engineering. Looking for new and challenging opportunities in a reputable organization to expand my learning, knowledge, and skills. To make use of my interpersonal skills to achieve goals of a company that focuses on customer satisfaction and customer experience.
Education
Bachelor of Mechanical Engineering, Chandigarh Group Of Colleges, Landran, Punjab, India
August 2013 – June 2017

Master’s in mechanical engineering, Concordia University, Montreal
January 2018 – August 2019
Courses and Projects
AutoCad, Mentorus Computer Education, Kapurthala
June 2017.
Developed a stress analysis tool ‘Laminated Composites’ in excel sheet.
Testing of composites by contact and Non-contact techniques (NDT).
Solidworks (Learning).
Machine Operator (6 weeks training in college).

Internships
Intern at Rail Coach Factory, Kapurthala, Punjab, India
January 2017 – july 2017
Determine which machines, tools, equipment, etc. will be used and where they will be stationed in the facility.
Joining of material using welding and brazing.
Testing of welding parts (Destructive and Non-Destructive) such as tensile stress, compression, shear test and porosity using X-ray.
Welding defects and remedies.
Intern at NRC industry, Amritsar, Punjab, India
June2013- july2013
Manufacturing of Conveyor belts.
Strength testing of conveyors.
Extra-curricular activities
AUTOSPARX (Engine Overhauling).
Coordinator of Red house in school.
Modelling in Lohri Fest, Montreal, Canada.
Employment History
Shipping and receiving Clerk, Services Excellence Inc, Quebec, Canada
October 2018 – August 2019
Managing documents and files.
Answering the phones.
Operating a range of oﬀice machines such as photocopies & computers.
Assisting in various daily operation.

Detail
438-***-****
adab3j@r.postjobfree.com
Skills
Leadership and Management
Flexibility and Adaptability
Microsoft Office
Highly Organized and Efficient
Punctual
Employee Relations
Manufacturing
Testing of Material
Composite Material
Languages
English, Hindi, Punjabi
Hobbies
Travelling, Cooking, Listening Music

Contact this candidate
