
David Hughes BSc
adabxt@r.postjobfree.com
013********
077********

Work Experience

CERTIFICATION MANAGER, Yeovil
Apache Mk 2 (E) Aircraft working for the Crown Defense Equipment and Support (DE&S), a bespoke Trading Entity of the Ministry of Defense on the Total Airworthiness and Certification of the aircraft iaw both the Military MAA and the current EASA Rules and regulations.

SENIOR AIRCRAFT MANAGER
JCBA APRIL
Employed on an Ad-Hoc Basis to carry out Audits on Airlines, MRO's. Aviation Stores Facilities, Line Maintenance. Workshops both Mechanical and Electrical Disciplines, Aerospace Experienced Auditor Reporting back to the Employer both verbally and written reports. Compiling with EASA Part 'M', Part 145. EASA Part 21 Sub Part 'G' & 'J' and EASA Part 29.
ISO 9001 and ASI 9000

TECHNICAL DIRECTOR
AIR PEACE
2016 to April 2017
A schedule carrier who operate a fleet of various Boeing 737 aircraft and for international travel operate two Boeing 777-200 Trent RB211 powered aircraft. As the technical director I have five line reporting directors/managers. Oversight of all engineering activates including leasing, maintenance, technical services, quality control, budget and KPI control indeed everything it takes to head up and operate a successful engineering department within an airline.

MANAGING DIRECTOR
AIRWAYS ENGINEERING LIMITED
2015 to August 2016
As the MD of the MRO I have full and final responsibility to the UKCAA/ Board of Directors for the start up, the running, operation staffing, equipment levels all contracts and salaries so paid out to personnel very much in line with current KPI's. A position that I have strived and elevated too due to my experience expertises and qualifications gained within the aerospace industry/organisation.

QUALITY MANAGER
AURINGY AIR SERVICES
July 2014 to July 2014
2015(Covering Long Term Sickness of Present Incumbent as Post Holder)
An Engineer who was employed by the company due to the sickness of the serving Quality Manager, Responsible for all EASA Part 'M' Part 145 in its up keep auditing, Leasing, Fault Diagnostics, Warranty claims, Participant with the 'Online Aerospace Supplier Information' required for the Stores Network and all matters which were either controlled or organized by the Quality Department. CAA Audits which included the FAA and any other GCA Authority. Form Four Post Holder

DIRECTOR-FLIGHT TECHNICAL
Aerospace Discipline
August 2013 to June 2014
A well-qualified engineering director, on the Fleet of A330/321/320/319 and the ATR, being robust who enjoys the ever growing challenge that is found in today's Airline/Aerospace Discipline. A man who has full responsibility for, monitoring all technical publications, Regulatory requirements, Route Analysis, digital communications, Flight Operations Projects, Aircraft deliveries, Ensure that all Audit Findings are closed to a timely fashion. Knows what EASA Part 21(G) (J) and Part M, 145 are all about
Often interfacing with the EASA/CAA on many salient topics. A good team player who has had many personnel working with and for him in order to achieve the required results! A man who never finishes, until the job is completed.

QUALITY AUDITOR AERODAC
Wet/Dry
March 2013 to August 2013
Aerospace Experienced Auditor who was contracted to the company to ensure that their EASA Part 21(Part (G) & (J). A (Wet/Dry) STC on a B727 went ahead without any problems or issues with respect to the CAA (EASA) Approved STC.

QUALITY DIRECTOR-JORDAN AVIATION - OCT 2011-DECEMBERE2012, INTERIM QUALITY MANAGER MONARCH AVIATION-JANUARY 2013-MARCH 2014
A Seasoned operator who has some vast experience within the field of aircraft maintenance both from a Hands on Role all the way to the executive positions. Currently responsible for the quality systems now being operated by Jordan Aviation whose main responsibilities are to maintain the quality system, and companies manuals and operating procedures, the EASA Part 145 and their part 'M', to act as an independent Quality Assurance Monitor, to lease with EASA/CAA on all regulatory matters, Monitoring of the Supply Base in line with the company QA Systems, their Audits and associated register, to provide
Head of Maintenance DAS Airlines
October 2010 to June 2012
Employed by the Chairman to reorganise this operation that had gone astray during the preceding 12 months due to lack of leadership, this has proven was my type of work having excelled at this kind of operation in the past. The airline had three MD83 aircraft and operated a schedule out of their base facility with no main back up of resources. I preplanned and reorganised the basic shift pattern which met both with the workforce and management, set up a base maintenance contract and rescheduled
The aircraft to operate within this cycle organised tooling and equipment which was lacking to further our engineering operation.
HISTORY

TECHNICAL DIRECTOR, MKTeK d.o.o. October 2011(Contract from EAMC)
Responsible for some 124 Technicians who are employed on the ATR 42/70 the Embraer 120/135/145Aircraft carrying out both line and base maintenance of these aircraft including outstations in Moscow and Barcelona. Their welfare and continuation training. Salary and pay/conditions is part and part of this role as well as the oversight of all of the company's maintenance activities on all of the aircraft. Post Holder for both Maintenance and Quality and very much involved with the commercial
Role of the company when it comes down to Customer Satisfaction

CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER, AIRLINE/MRO, TECHNICAL/ENGINEERING DIRECTOR
Seasoned executive leader with 20+ years of comprehensive expertise in airline start-up/operations management, aircraft maintenance/repair/overhaul (MRO), and engineering facility management. Firsthand knowledge and experience in direct small to large aircraft modifications from initial concept to final installation and weight and balance control. Act as a liaison between airworthiness officials and airline management. Deliver defect investigation support and flight testing analysis. Strong engineering background encompassing servicing, repair, surveying and the design of military and civil aircraft. Keen personnel manager able to motivate and train staff. Sharp budget manager proficient in inventory control and Total Quality Control. Registered new and used aircraft. Performed on-site technical reviews of aircraft Overhaul COO is the Quality Executive and has overhaul Responsibility for Product Quality, Company Quality Policy, Maintenance and Engineering, Part 145, Part M, and Part 21 Sub Parts 'J' & 'G'EASA Part 29, Certification of Company Procedure, and Operating 37, B737 all models and five B767-2/300 aircraft with a very comprehensive workshop area.

COO
ESSENTIAL AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE SERVICES - Dragor, DK
2006 to 2011
As the Quality Executive and as such has overall responsibility. Product Quality & Company Quality Policy.

Chief Operating Officer
ESSENTIAL AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE SERVICES
2006 to 2011
Procured and maintained engineering contracts, expertly making decisions regarding aircraft performance and operation. Tended out aircraft for 3rd party heavy maintenance and modifications Engine Repair and Overhaul. Accountable to the company Board of Directors, Education of 'All 'staff, with reference to the Customer, Airworthiness, H/R, & Quality Requirements and manufacturing control of equipment/ spare items.

Engineering Director
FLYGLOBESPAN - Edinburgh
2003 to 2006
No-frills airline offering flights to European Leisure destinations from Scotland. Oversaw the Engineering Department from a start up situation which grew from 2 aircraft up to 18 aircraft which included the B737-3/6/7/800 the B757-200 and three B767-200 ER aircraft. The role was commensurate with the total control of the engineering aspect which meant both the leasing,
Maintenance and MRO inputs of all aircraft with a compliment of some 125 engineering personnel this role had a direct report to the Chairman of the Board. Contributed to key decisions about the airline. Introduced highly effective maintenance procedures, reducing overhead. Introduced new aircraft routes. Travelled extensively with new and used aircraft deliveries, Provision for Quality & C1 Solving Issues this is observed as Responsive as an Aerospace Experienced Auditor, accurate with 'Particular.
Responsibility' for all quality functions wrote a comprehensive new set of manuals for submission to EASA of the companies Part 21 sub part 'G; to include Company Quality Manual.

Technical Director/General Manager
COUGAR LEASING - Stansted
2000 to 2003
Aircraft (Freight/Cargo) Operation/leasing Company.
Managed daily operations, consistently fulfilling all contract requirements. Supervised all engineering and support staff as part of the Technical Director position. Overcame challenges of procuring spares and other supplies to maintain aircraft serviceability providing professional standards/leadership of Quality Originated a new process to operate the aircraft, secure approval, and fly from a "D" Check the Company had some 5 aircraft and part of the engineering was the recovery of aircraft in LTS back into
Revenue.
Travelled several times United States to confer with the Boeing Company on design and structural drawings and aircraft integrity, Leasing of company aircraft. External discussions on EASA Part 'M' '145/21' Organisation

ARC Signatory
2000 to 2000
AS 9100 plus a working knowledge of EASA Part 21/145 and Part 'M' (ARC Signatory) ability to deal with the Regulator Prominent figure with the leasing of an A330-200 for the airline. And Quality Fault Diagnostics

GROUP Quality Director/Operations Director
IAP Group OF Companies
1998 to 2000
Controlled and operated the Total Quality System of each company within the Group. Took full responsibility for their AS9100 and EHS procedures plus their EASA/JAA procedures and the Quality Manager/Engineers of each group, conducting Audits with pre-organised procedures, A very much hands on QCM who has learned his trade from doing the job and being part of the Team, attended EASA/JAA Compliance Quality Courses Obtaining and seeking QMS System Airworthiness and assure Customers. Experienced Aerospace Auditor, ASI9100 @ Rev'D'/Def Standard 00-06/Nadcap/ISO 9000/DAOS, BCAR/A8-21, AVP67 Airworthiness Section 'J' (Military), Several Courses Based upon the seven Sigma Programmed, very much a sole expert in Aircraft Leasing

Low-cost air carrier currently out of business, Head of Leasing
NATIONWIDE AIR
1996 to 1998
Technical Director
Managed aircraft maintenance, including the planning and execution of all services performed. Administered the engineering budget. Acquired new and pre-owned aircraft. Directed personnel recruitment and training. Served on the Board of Directors and maintaining a good QMS System.

Design Office Manager
FLS Aerospace Stansted - Stansted
1992 to 1994
Responsible for 5 Aerospace Design Engineers who created all and everything to do with aircraft Modifications and Weight and Balance ranging through all electrical and mechanical equipment. An approved Design Engineer on both Avionics and Airframe/Engine a Part 21 'J''G signatory; with several years in depth experience an Experienced Aerospace Auditor

Design Office Manager and Design Engineer
Dan Air
1988 to 1992
Held the position of both of the above Job Specifications drawing up modifications for the Dan Air Fleet and third party aircraft and had responsibility for the weight and balance control of the Dan Air Fleet of aircraft an approved signatory who would design configuration modifications as requested by the company.
Oversight of all of the design engineers and interfacing with production and engineering. Attended by weekly meetings of inbound aircraft that would require any< modification or indeed any technical update the sole implementer of all modifications to Lease Aircraft Approved Signatory for both EASA Part 145 and EASA Part 21 sub parts J & G. EASA Part 29 (Helicopters)

Note: Additional work history includes positions as an Engineering Manager for Maersk Air and a Design Manager at FLS Aerospace which encompassed a wide range of activities including the Engine. Became the Head of all aircraft leasing and contracts. Bay work and organisation.

Royal Navy Warrant Officer
Airframe/Engines Details on Request
Maintenance, Repair, Overhaul (MRO) Decision-Making Contracting Operations Management International Travel Aircraft Modifications Policy/Procedure Manual Problem Resolution Inspections Flight Testing Aircraft Engineering Total Quality Control (QMS) Staff Management Training & Development Negotiations Budget Management KPI Budgetary/Control. Aircraft Leasing .Contract Negotiations Ordinance Artificer (OA) for the award winning Field Gun Crew the Fleet Air Arm where as
well as being a running member for five crews I had the distinction of being selected as their OA for three more crews which involved the following work on the guns and equipment The rework, survey and any rectification of the actual gun its alignment, the firing mechanism which included a very fine machined breech and connection, firing pins which were a big problem to which I had constantly to machine in order to ascertain that they were in fact correct with contact of the shells, the shells themselves their dimension overhaul checks their weight and condition, the carriage assemble with all of its elevation and mountings and correct alignment of the location lugs so that the barrels sat in them square and safe. I often carried out checks firing these guns in order that I was satisfied with my work and what’s more that the manpower required operating these guns were happy with my work load.

Education
Bachelor of Science in Aeronautical Engineering
Mander College - Bedford

Contact this candidate
