
Neha Khajuria
** *** ***** **,
Woodbridge, ON
L4L7M6
647-***-****
adac7s@r.postjobfree.com

Summary

Seeking To be a part of an organization where I can have a challenging carrier to contribute best of my knowledge, ability, and skill for innovative, resourceful activities.

Professional Skills
A team player who also work independently
Leadership Skills
Good Decision Maker
Critical Thinking
Attention to Detail
Desire to learn
Dedicated to Work
Balancing performance expectations
Good communication and interpersonal skills
Basic Knowledge of Microsoft excels and word

Education
Lambton College in Toronto
Advance Health Care Leadership (AHCT)
Graduated August 2019

Good knowledge of APA Format.
Strong Interpersonal skills.
Good Knowledge of Computer.
Deliver confident Presentations.
Presentation designer.
Good in Visual Aids

SMT. Urmila Devi Institute of Nursing affiliated by (BFUHS)
B.SC Nursing
Graduated October 2016

Voluntary Experience
I did my 6-month internship under experts during my graduation in Civil Hospital Hoshiarpur and Community Area.
Provide quality of care to patients including daily monitoring, recording, and evaluating of medical conditions of up to 10 patients per day.
Developed and directed a rotational system in managing the care of patients in the department.
Interact and communicate with patients of all ages and ethnic backgrounds, giving quality medical care and treatment.
In Community Area, I serve patients by visiting homes.
Determining patient and family needs and developing health care plans.
Providing nursing services and treatments.
Referring patients with social and emotional problems to other community agencies.

Psychiatric and Psychology Training:
Government Mental Hospital Amritsar
Patient Counselling
To help the patient’s development.
To help the patient make proper choices.
To help the patient develop readiness for choices and changes to face new challenges.
To motivate the patient.
In Psychiatric Training
Builds knowledge, skills, and positive attitudes about health.
Motivate for improvement and maintenance of health, prevents disease, and reduces risky behaviours.
Teaches skills to use to make healthy choices throughout lifetime.
Promotes learning in other areas of life.
Teaches about physical, mental, emotional and social health.

Employment History
Nafta Food and Packaging Inc.
Sanitation Department (PT)
February 2019 - June 2019
Clean the cookie machines and organized them
Check the oven condition
Inspect the rollers of the machine
Maintain the hygiene in the plant.
Communicated with the supervisor for the other task
Use waste management to discard the extra material
Do Change over for the machines as well for new product.

Nafta Food and Packaging Inc.
Role: Machine operator and Line Leader
August 2018- December 2018
Supervised a team of 15 to 20 people to ensure production orders were completed on a timely basis.
As a Line Leader:
Follow all good manufacturing practices.
Monitored progress and track it.
Motivated team members to meet production goals.
Work with fellow operators as a team to achieve safety, quality and production goals.
Communicated with quality controller for high-quality end product.
Report all issues to management.
Accurate data recording of production sheet and prints labels when required.
As a Machine Set-up Operator:
Set-up and maintained the machine
Trained and coached other associates.
Operated machinery on a production line.
Inspected product to ensure quality and customer specifications.
Maintained equipment to run more efficiently.
Fix issues that might occur during the shift.
Keep records of approved and defective units or final products.
Maintain activity logs.
WG Manufacturing
Williams Parkway
Brampton, ON
March 2018 – April 2018 (P.T)
Follow team leader instructions.
Pack customers’ orders.
Maintain a clean, neat and orderly work area.
Good knowledge of box making and gluing the boxes.
Remove any defective goods and replace them.
Measured, weighed and counted products and materials.
Helped in loading and unloading.
Verify that labels, boxes.

G English Planet
Role: Teacher
April 2016 – October 2016
As a teacher deliver the lessons for students whose native languages and English-speaking abilities are varied.
To use continuous improvement process and tools to make interactive lessons.
To prepare recourses for students including lesson plans, classroom activities.
To draft reports and presentations on the improvement of student learning when required.
To undertake any other related duties as requested by General Manager.
Involved in some residential duties and occasionally in the social programs.

References available on Request

Contact this candidate
