
Ramony S. Nop
Lowell, MA

Ramony is an experienced an Electronic Tester with over 10+ years of experience in Manufacturing Environments. He is proficient in MS Office and has excellent computer skills. He is a local and able to join ASAP
Skill
Years
Last Used
Compliance & Documentation
4+
2016
Testing production equipment
4+
2016

Skills
Documentation Skills
Compliance (ISO9000, AS9100)
Computer Skills & MS Office
Trouble Shoot
Knowledge of Lean Manufacturing
Team player
Windows NT 4.0, Windows 95/98/2000/XP/7,
internet protocol, I/E 4/5, Netscape,
SQL, 6/7, Oracle, 7/8, C++, VB Script and J Script.

Employment

Working at brother’s restaurant Jan 2017- Present

INTEL Inc. Hudson, MA Aug 2012-Sep 2016 Manufacturing Technician
Responsible for wafer production operation, set-up calibration, and preventive maintenance task on wafer fabrication equipment.
Collect and evaluate operating data to conduct on-line equipment adjustment to ensure process optimization.
Responsible for documentation & compliance
Troubleshooting and testing production equipment.
Due to the current economy I elected to return to the tool until economic time’s changes.

IBM Inc. Hudson, MA Jun 2002- Dec 2011
Test Technician and Machine Operator
Technician Test and repair for failure analysis and repair specialized test. RAM Test, memory test, modem test and video test.
Specialize in all electronic repair and using IE and Netscape to test the n-tier Internet web application, including developments and executing unit and functional test plans.
Reviewed and gave feedback on user documentation.
Verifying bugs by maintaining defect-tracking data through release cycles.
Preformed minor edits of program code to repair errors.

K.V.P.P. PC Inc. Lowell, MA Jun 2000- Dec 2002
Test Technician and Repair Tech
Set up, debug of test fixtures ICT and FVT for testers.
Hardware and system software support maintenance, component troubleshooting and supervision of test systems for manufacture of Ethernet and Token Ring networks and daily uses of schematics/blueprints, oscilloscopes, and frequency counters, various meters and tools, etc.
Inspecting and testing all computers and other kind of small chips under microscope and work up to 8 hours/day under a microscope.

Education & Training
Long Beach City College, Long Beach, CA
Major: in Electronic (Undergraduate)
Computer Education Institute Lowell, MA
PC Support Technician (Graduate)
A+ Certified

Contact this candidate
