
BHUPENDRA SINGH
Ward No. *,
P.O. – Bhadra,
Distt – Hanumangarh, Rajasthan, Contact No. +91-961-***-****
India 335501. Email: - adackl@r.postjobfree.com

Professional with 4.7 years of experience in NPD, process engineering, industrial engineering in a leading MNC. Skilled in Green field projects, Manufacturing Engineering, Process Engineering, Process cost calculation NPD, Documentation, and Costing accountability. Experience of new Line setups, Robotics line, Assembly line for Weld Shop. The knowhow of implementing the right technology in current & New Models. Preparing the standards & training modules for the team (operation level/ Engineering /Quality).

Area of Competencies:
Experience in Automotive industry.
Familiar with Product Design & Drafting, analysis and trouble shooting
New Projects planning and implementation by Evaluation standards
Trained in various department like Production, Manufacturing Engineering, and Maintenance etc.
Experience in manufacturing planning of all Processes from Incoming to Out going
Training & motivation skills
Excellent analytical skills and Communication skills.
Team Management Skills.
Man Management Skills.
Exposure to modern manufacturing concepts like KAIZEN,TPM etc.

PRESENTLY WORKING IN M/S NS INSTRUMENTS INDIA PVT. LTD. AS SENIOR ENGINEER IN DESIGN & DEVELOPMENT DEPTT.FROM APR 2018 TO TILL DATE

COMPANY PROFILE
NS Instruments India Pvt. Ltd. is a Japanese MNC Group company with headquarters in Nagaoka city Nigata Japan, which turnover is 263,163millions Yen & plant turnover is 7,153millions. It have 24 plants in over all worlds with 11 locations. Japan. Nippon Seiki (NS) designs and manufactures Speedometer, fuel unit & Sensors Well known in the market as a giant manufacturer & O.E.M Supplier of digital and standard Speedometer and fuel unit component. Our major customer are Honda two wheeler, Yamaha two wheeler, Suzuki two wheeler, Nissan.

JOB RESPONSIBLITIES
Preparing Detail Drawings.
Design & Develop the Metal Enclosure.
Conversion of 2D Drawing to 3D Model
Member for Cost Saving Suggestion Implementation
Member for 5S – Implementation
Motivation of employees through Team Building and Training
Controlling the safety measure through identifying the Unsafe Condition.
Troubleshooting all technical problems; conducting various tests & inspections to ensure that products developed are in compliance with pre-set quality specifications.
Responsible for generating PPAP documents for new product.
Responsible CFT member of New Product Development & Management Review Meeting.
Designing and Drafting various products by using AutoCAD 2015, CATIA V5.
New Product Development, activities (BOM Creation).
Provide all the Administrative support for smooth day to day operations
Monitoring of the yearly budgets & corrective action planning in case of non-conformance.

Coordinating the entire development of HMSI including requirement analysis, planning, finalizing specifications and prototype development.
Co-ordinate safety audits-internal & external & review audit observation.

PREVIOUS COMPANY PROFILE

Yutaka Auto parts India Pvt. Ltd. is a Honda Group company with headquarters in Hamamatsu, which turnover is 45,000 million & plant turnover is 1,440 million. It have 16 plants in over all worlds with 9 locations. Japan Yutaka designs and manufactures total exhaust systems for passenger cars- catalytic converters, silencers and 2-wheeler mufflers & Brake discs. Well known in the market as a giant manufacturer & O.E.M Supplier of Exhaust system, Brake Disk & Sheet metal component.

JOB RESPONSIBLITIES
Responsible for all event trial of New Model and take approve from Customer.
Troubleshooting all technical problems; conducting various tests & inspections to ensure that products developed are in compliance with pre-set quality specifications.
Making of ECN, PFD, control plan, Kakotora sheet, DFMEA, PFMEA and work instruction.
Responsible for handling functions like process planning for new products, process machinery selection, facility creations for testing, quality requirements according to customer requirements and generating PPAP documents for new product.
Give training to Engineer & line operator regarding new model.
New Projects planning and implementation by Evaluation standards
Leader for Direct material Forecasting and Planning
Developing the New members through Training
Member for Kaizen and Plant promotional activity
Member for Cost Saving Suggestion Implementation
Member for 5S – Implementation and Shop Auditor
Controlling the safety measure through identifying the Unsafe Condition.
Coordinating the entire development of Exhaust Parts & Brake Disc including requirement analysis, planning, finalizing specifications and prototype development.
Coordinate the entire development of Jig/fixture for New Models.
Responsible for all event trial of Exhaust Parts, Brake Disc and take approve from them.
Setup new line & change layout for new model & Machine equipment install.
Responsible for vendor audit & vendor development.
Responsible for handling functions like process planning for new products, process machinery selection, facility creations for testing, quality requirements according to customer requirements and generating PPAP documents for new product.
Making of process flow, control plan, Krakatoa sheet and work instruction.
Give training to Engineer & line operator regarding new model.
Responsible CFT member of New Product Development & Management Review Meeting.
Responsible for ZENBARA test for Customer development.
Designing and Drafting various products by using AutoCAD 2015, CATIA V5.
New Product Development, activities (BOM Creation).
Monitoring of the yearly budgets & corrective action planning in case of non-conformance.
Line Balancing, TACT time reduction.
Co-ordinate safety audits-internal & external & review audit observation.

HIGHLIGHTS:
Successful Development of Exhaust parts.
Executed Fool proofing/ Poka-Yoke implementation in weld production line to avoid child parts welding missing indentation welded body parts.
Successful Development of Disc for HMSI (K21, K43, K24G) & SMIPL (XF121, XF122, XF124, XF331, XF134).

SOFTWARE SKILLS
Primary Tools: CATIA V5R, Dassault System.
Total Experience: 1 years
Proficiency: EXPERT
Secondary Tools: Autodesk 2015, AutoCAD 2010.
Total Experience: 4.4 years
Proficiency: EXPERT
Enterprise Resource Planning –Easy ERP
Microsoft tools: MS Office 2010 – Word, PowerPoint Presentations, Excel, MS Outlook.

PROFESSIONAL QUALIFIATION

S.No
Degree/Diploma

Board/University

Year

Percentage
1.
B. Tech (Mechanical Engineering)

Rajasthan Technical University

2013

60.69%
2.
Diploma (Mechanical Engineering)

Board of Technical Education Jodhpur.

2010

66.67%
3.
Senior Secondary

Rajasthan Board.

2006

63.08%
4.
Secondary

Rajasthan Board.

2004

71.50%

PERSONAL INFORMATION
Father’s Name: Sh. Rampat Yadav
Date of Birth: July18, 1989
Marital Status: Married
Language Known: English, Hindi
Hobbies: Cricket, Traveling new places, Movies
(BHUPENDRA SINGH)

Contact this candidate
