
Rick L. Davis
***** * ***** *****.
Albion, MI **224
Email adacyv@r.postjobfree.com
Phone 517-***-****

Experience
ElectroCraft, LLC Princeton, IN
**/**/****-*******
Global Quality Manager
Products
Ac Motors, Gear Motors, PMDC Motors, Linear Motors, Motion Motors, Stepping Motors, Brushless DC Motors
Processes:
Injection Molding, Spot Welding, Screw Machining, CNC Machining, Roll Forming, Stamping, Assembly

Customers: Tesla, GM, Ford, Honeywell and Lockheed Martin

Responsibilities
Managed three shift operation which includes Quality Managers (2), Quality Engineers (12), Advanced Quality Engineers (4), SQE’s (4), Lab and Quality Techs (20) responsible for maintaining quality levels
Develop Company cost of poor quality manage by objective goals and measurables.
Develop and train cross functional team on using inputs to control process in order to measure and predict outputs.
Facilitate customer contact to ensure quality product is delivered in addition to addressing quality concerns. 8D, 3 legged 5Y, A-3 Responses
Manage the team to provide rapid problem identification and resolution using various customer specific tools (8D, 3 legged 5Y, A-3, etc.) Responses system root cause evaluation to reduce system related quality defects.
Continuously coaching, communicating and applying to quality team on continuous improvement techniques.
Submission of PPAPs for current model and new products and all new model APQP activities from Pre-launch to plant control.
Write and update work instructions and short term containment instructions as needed.
Facilitated all warranty claims
Work with suppliers to provide proper problem solving and ensuring that they meet the specs required
Administrator Of all TS 16949 documents and Ensure Allocations meet required document control standards

Chassix Corporation, Bristol, IN
7/2015-12/2015 Quality Manager Plant Closed
Products
·Front & Rear Lower Control Arms, Front & Rear Knuckle Assembly, Front Cross Member Sub Assembly
Processes
·Casting, Spot Welding, Heat Treat, X-Ray, CNC Machining, Stamping, Laser Cutting, Tube Form & Bend
Customers
Ford, GM, Chryslerqu8a BMW, Honda, US Defense Department
Responsibilities
Led 32 member team of Quality Supervisors, Engineers, Lab Techs, SQE’s and Quality Techs to focus on managing External and Internal cost of poor quality.
Develop and train cross functional team on using inputs to control process in order to measure and predict out.
Direct customer contact to ensure quality product is delivered in addition to addressing quality concerns. 8D 3 legged 5Y A-3 Responses
Work with team on system root cause evaluations to reduce system related quality defects.
Effective communication and teaching of associates on continuous improvement techniques.
Submission of P-PAPs for current model and new products and all APQP activities from Concept to being place into the plant for production
Development of new model products from initial phase to finished product.
Write and update work instructions and short term containment instructions as needed.
Facilitated all warranty claims.
Direct contact with supplier during new launch activities. Maintain direct contact with supplier during any Incoming defective parts.

Benteler, Galesburg, MI
4/2011- 6/2015
Sr. Quality Engineer (Internal and External supplier and customer)
Products
Sub Frames Front and Rear, Door Beams, Control Arms Upper Lower Front & Rear, Structures
Processes
Robotic Arc & Tig welding, Spot Welding, Projection Welding, Hot Stamping, CNC Machining, Stamping, Plasma & Laser Cutting, Tube Form & Bend, E-Coating Paint
Customers
Ford GM Chrysler Toyota Mitsubishi Lockheed Martin US defense department
Responsibilities
Managed quality consisting techs and lab personnel
Direct customer contact to ensure quality product is delivered in addition to addressing quality concerns. 8D 3 legged 5Y and A-3 Responses
Work with management and team on system root cause evaluation to reduce system related quality defects.
Effective communication and teaching of associates on continuous improvement techniques.
Submission of PPAPs for current model and new products.
Development of new model products from product design to launch
Write and update work instructions and short term containment instructions as needed.
Facilitated all warranty claims.
Work with suppliers to renew launch activities And develop check methods To meet Specs required.Also work with suppliers On Prom solving techniquesAnd train them how to react to any incoming supplier defective parts.
Put together all required documents for APQP activities from concept to being placed into the plant for new launch

MartinRea, Jonesville, MI
9/2009-4/2011
Quality Engineer and Program Manager (APQP Launch Activities)
Products
Structures, Hitch Assemblies, Sub Frame Components
Processes
Robotic Arc & Tig welding, Spot Welding, Hot Stamping, Stamping, Laser Cutting, Hydroforming, Tube Form & Bend, E-Coat Paint
Customers
Honda, Ford, GM, Chrysler & John Deer
Responsibilities
Direct customer contact with new model launch and corrective actions implementations from line to customer.
Established gauge concept development to completion for child part stampings and assemblies.
Developed new secondary equipment for assembly of new model parts.
Established supplier new model build process checks and balances to maintain capability to meet print requirements.
Lead team on 3 legged 5Y for root cause evaluations on customer defects, and internal.
Write and update work instructions and short term containment instructions as needed.
Put together all APQP required documents from concept to launch into the plant.

Yorozu, Battle Creek, MI
10/2005 - 9/2009
Quality Manager Plant Closed
Products
Sub Frames Front and Rear, Control Arms Upper Lower Front & Rear, Structures
Processes
Robotic Arc & Tig welding, Casting, Spot Welding, Projection Welding, Stamping, Laser Cutting, CNC Machining, Hydroforming, E-Coat Painting
Customers
Honda, GM, Chrysler, Ford, Toyota & Mitsubishi
Responsibilities
Lead and implement kaizen events.
Direct customer contact to ensure quality product is delivered in addition to addressing quality concerns.
Implement countermeasures with supplier to ensure issues are corrected.
Effective communication and teaching of associates on continuous improvement techniques. Submission of P-PAPs for current model and new products.
Development of new model products from initial phase to finished product.
Support departments to ensure smooth day-to-day operations.
Verification of daily production records and associate time reports.
Write and update work instructions and short term containment instructions as needed.
Facilitated all warranty claims.

Vulcan Enterprises – Sturgis, MI
02/2004 –10/2005
Quality Manager Plant Closed
Products
Exhaust manifold, Tubes, Structures
Processes
Robotic Arc & Tig welding, Spot Welding, Stamping, Plasma Cutting, Tube Form & Bend
Customers
Honda, GM, Ford
Responsibilities
Working with staff on lean manufacturing techniques,
Continuous Improvement techniques, and kaizens. Supervise 5 Quality associates.
One -On -one Communication with customers to address quality concerns and Improvement plans.
Implemented work instructions for measurement gauges and created new Gauges based on
Customer concerns.

Hi-Lex Controls, Litchield, MI
01/2003-01/2004 Section Manager (contract)
Products
Window Regulators, Door Hinges
Processes
Robotic Tig welding, Injection Molding, Spot Welding, Stamping, Projection Welding
Customers
Honda GM Ford Toyota & Mitsubishi
Responsibilities
Working with management staff in lean Manufacturing Techniques,
Continuous improvement, kaizens, and kanban system.
Guide team Leaders In daily management Production control.
Created data collection spreadsheet to maximize Efficiency in the production Area.
Assist with conflicts beyond team leader’s control.
Effective Communication between Support departments to ensure smooth day-to-day operations.
Verification Of daily production Record and associate time reports.
Overseeing projects too effectively reduce downtime and Increase productivity.
Verification of quality product. Ensure Customer Requirements were met.
Trouble shoot problems as required.

Titan Plastics, Portage, MI
04/2002 -11/ 2003 Production Manager Plant Closed
Products
Medical Devices, Auto Dash Components
Processes
Injection Molding, Blow Molding, Stamping, CNC Machining
Customers
GM Ford & Stryker Medical

Responsibilities
Daily production scheduling, assignment of Associates In order to
Maximize production while maintaining a safe work environment.
Trouble Shoot problems as needed.
Effective communication between support departments in order to ensure smooth operation.
Verification of daily production records and associate time reports.
Verify that quality product was being produced and daily customer requirements were met.

Lear Corp, Marshall, MI
03/1999-04/2002 Plant Closed
Six Sigma Black Belt
Responsibilities
Overseeing projects to reduce the manufacturing cost of products and benchmark to other areas.
Reported weekly with power point presentation weekly to staff, bi-weekly to corporate staff, and once a month to CEO of North America Operations
Supervision of associates as required.
Completed 3 black belt projects every 3 months.
Trained up to 4 green belts every 3 months.
Facilitated 3 kaizen events every 3 months.
Direct support of the customer to ensure quality product.
Direct communication between customers, suppliers, and Lear on Value Stream Mapping.
In 2001 I saved 1.4 million, 2002 (7 months) 800K
Worked on new project development of process FMEA and putting together control plans.
I put together process flow maps on material movement and labor loading.
PPAP’s on new molds and DOEs to ensure optimum performance.
Performed general PMs on molding machines. Changed end of arm tooling on robots.
Write and input programs into robots.

TRMI, Battle Creek MI
05/1994-03/1999
Team Leader
Responsibilities
Daily production and associate scheduling.
Identify, arrange, and assign the work to most effectively accomplish all required objectives.
Direct and personal involvement in solving problems to assure performance standard were met.
Identify and immediately respond to abnormalities for recurrence prevention.
Initiate implement, and follow-up on SPC and IMP projects. Assure JIT procedures were followed.

ASMO, Battle Creek, MI
06/1990-05/1994 Process Tech\ Machine Operator
Responsibilities
Operation of molding presses.
Ensure quality parts were produced.
Machine set up and change over.

Education
Western Michigan University - Bachelor Business Management 1994

Certifications
Sixth Sigma Black Belt - Certified
MIG & TIG Welding – Certified
Blue Print Reading 8D, 3 legged 5Y, A-3 Responses (Kellogg Community College)
Geometrical Dimensioning and Tolerance KCC
SPC training KCC
Minitab (Pennsylvania State University)

Training
Van Dorn Technology
Microsoft Office
IATF 16949 Transition Training 2017

Groups
Member ASQC 2008 - Present

Contact this candidate
