
Damon Westbrook
adacvw@r.postjobfree.com v 424-***-**** v Delight, Arkansas
WORK EXPERIENCE
Procom Jun. 2019 – Present
Desktop Support Engineer Nashville, AR
§ Providing Level 2 as the only onsite Tech Support and System Administration for the regions Husqvarna warehouses under Fujitsu/Procom.
§ Upkeep and inventory of three client buildings throughout the town with over 1000 employees.
§ Providing support services to employees with technical problems and information technology issues involving desktop, laptops, Tablets, Cell Phones, Servers, Switches, or network services in person or remote access applications such as Bomgar or TeamViewer.
§ Handle the purchase, return, and warranty information of computer equipment for the facilities.
§ Manage tasks through ticketing system
Veterans of Foreign Wars (VFW) Sept. 2018- Present IT Support Prescott, AR
§ Setting up internet network, WIFI, television, stereo equipment, and other electronics within the post.
§ Computer and fax/printer machine upkeep with business related applications, Microsoft word suite, and anti- virus programs. Core responsibility
§ Non-profit organization.
AFSC/Magellan Federal Jul 2015- Aug 2016
Computer Operator Ft. Polk, LA
§ Oversaw the upkeep and stability of electronic equipment throughout the Fort Polk Military In-And-out Facility with Level-1 technical support
§ Help desk related duties with TCP/IP Trouble shooting, server batch scripting, DNS Configuration, with write up of issues in accordance with DoD Regulations.
§ Monitored three different buildings with physical hardware set up & trouble shooting with government computers, printers, CaC machines, fax machines along with inventory checks of equipment monthly.
§ Regularly used applications include Active Directory, Microsoft Office Suite, and VMware. Serco Jun 2014 - Jun 2015
Military Personnel Specialist Ft. Polk, LA
§ Drafting, filing, and upkeep of military orders
§ Input information into many different military application databases used throughout the Army command including eTopmis, eMilpo, and ISM. In conjunction also using Microsoft Access, Excel, and Word.
§ Weekly PCS brief with up to 100 soldiers and their family members, lasting three to four hours.
§ Postal duties dealing with USPS, UPS, & FEDEX.
EDUCATION
Northwestern State University of LA
B.S. In Accounting (Did not graduate), 45 Credits largely in IT courses SKILLS & INTERESTS
§ Skills Heavy IT knowledge with software and hardware, Microsoft Office Suite, Windows, Linux, Mac OS (formerly OS X), iOS, & Android. 60< WPM typing.
§ Interests Seeing the world, Watching hockey, Building Computers for people, learning a new language, helping out with the local community.

Contact this candidate
