
Muthukumar T
Mobile: 994-***-**** ~ E-Mail: adad1p@r.postjobfree.com

Seeking assignments with key focus on Maintenance Operations with a growth oriented organization and with more challenging career opportunities in Electrical Maintenance /Erection & Commissioning / Plant maintenance / Equipment

PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS

A competent professional with nearly 5:05 years of dynamic experience in Plant Maintenance Operations, Wire Drawing Machines, Batching Plant, Inventory Management, Documentation, Erection & Commissioning, Reconditioning and Preventive & Planned Maintenance scheduling &Utility Maintenance.
Experience Technician apprentice with LUCAS_TVS(21.03.14)(20.03.15) One year
Experience Associated with DANFOSS INDUSDRIES PVT,LTD,‘Chennai’as Technician-Electrical Maintenance(28.03.15)(08.02.19)(3.10-years)
Currently working on Tecknoweld Alloys India Pvt Ltd Technician-Electrical Maintenance(11.02.19) Current.
Acquired comprehensive exposure to Wire Drawing Machines & pneumatic Equipment, Troubleshooting of cnc machines, Leak testing machines,Furnes,press machines,All welding machines,Cnc plasma cutting machines, Hydraulics machines and PLC machines (omron,Siemens,magmeet),VFD(danfoss, magmeet), Induction motors with various starters like Dol starter,Star-Delta Starter, DG (Cummins & kirloskar) High pressure Compressor (Atlas copco & Elgi) and other Equipment’s.
A strategic planner with expertise in managing Erection, Commissioning & Maintenance of various electrical machines & equipment.
Expertise in managing maintenance operations for reducing breakdown /downtime & enhancing operational effectiveness of equipment by taking the maintenance tools MTBF, MTTR and Why Why Analysis.
An effective communicator with excellent relationship management skills and strong analytical, leadership, decision making, problem solving & organizational abilities.
Having Exposure of Working in LEAN Environment.
Good Sound Knowledge in Utility Maintenance of Plant.
An effective awareness and apprehension in EB rules and Regulations of Factory.
Clearing and Maintaining of all legal Documents required for the Factory and Running Machines and in time submission to factory of Inspectors.
Dedicated, self-driven focused and result oriented; always one step ahead of challenge.

ROLES:
Operations & Maintenance

Planning & implementing the preventive & predictive maintenance schedules for improving the overall reliability and safety of plant equipments & machinery.
Take Care in all functions related to Plant Maintenance that includes Utilities, Equipment, Wire Drawing Machines and Troubleshooting of cnc machines,press machine,leak testing machines,Furnace, welding machines,Cnc plasma cutting machines, Hydraulics&Pneumatic machines.
Overseeing the installation & maintenance of distribution transformer sub-stations, A.C. generators, motors and domestic & industrial wiring.
Preparing System based documentation & analysis of different maintenance data to reduce maintenance cost.
Reviewing history records of key machines for repeated breakdowns to analysis and carrying out necessary corrective actions.
Organizing activities for continues improvement & working towards cost reduction activities.
Overseeing electrical, electronic and mechanical maintenance.
Activities like Lean, TPM, 5S & KAIZEN, safety practices.
Preparation & maintenance of 11Kv& 33KV/440V substation with its accessories having capacity up to 1500KVA&600kva transformers.
Operation & maintenance of generators up to 750KVA, MV panel boards, industrial lighting, cable laying and termination.
Operation & maintenance of compressor, cooling tower, ETP Butt welding, Pointing M/c’s.
To close all the EB 30 Rule Inspections Points and Submission of all the legal documents.

KEY DELIVERABLES

Procurement
Advance planning of procurement functions, involving cost estimation, contract negotiations & finalizing for purchase of all capital equipment, raw materials, spares, and consumables.
Designing, implementing and monitoring effective procurement schedules along with establishing the quality & quantity limits.
Placing inquiry to vendors and selecting the best suited vendor; managing indigenization of spare parts and inventory control to reduce MTTR.
Developing the local vendor for spares to prevent the high lead time
Scheduling Spare parts planning to reduce b/d in turn meet production target

IT SKILLSET
OS Operation in WINDOWS XP/2000, WINDOWS 7 and 8
Well work in Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, and MS Word.
Infor Module

KNOWLEDGE PREVIEW
Control techniques, Electric Drive, Siemens (MM 440 & Sinamics DPF120) Drive control system, Schneider Drive Systems.

EDUCATION QUALIFICATION:

2013 Diploma in Electrical and Electronics Engineering in Sree vaari maya sudhan polytechnic college
with 65%.
2010 12th from State Board Tamil Nadu, Secured 65.25%
2008 10th from State Board Tamil Nadu, Secured 52.20%

PERSONAL DOSSIER
Date of Birth : 27th Feb 1992
Present Address : No.2/222,Vandalur gate, Vandalur,Chennai-600048
Permanent Address : No.1/263, sethupathi nagar, Kamuthakudi(vill&Post),Paramakudi(T.K) Ramanathapuram Dist.
Pincode- 623719
Linguistic Abilities : English and Tamil

Declaration
I hereby declare that the above particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Date: Yours Truly
Place: Chennai Muthukumar

Contact this candidate
