
CURRICULAM VITAE

Name: Sreeraj R S

Permanent Address : SreeBhavan,Inchakkadu,
Kakkakkunnu P.O,Kollam
Kerala,India,Pin:-690522
Date of Birth : 12/07/1988
Passport No : S5180097
Passport expiry date : 04/11/2028
E-mail Id : adad26@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile : +91-812*******
Father : Rajan Achary
Marital Status : Married
Nationality : India

More than 10 Years of experience in hardware, network and software support experienced in managing and leading an automobile dealership head office and all other branches.
●Provided technical expertise for IT network design, implementation, optimization and upgrade.
●Monitored the LAN/WAN network environment including routers, switches, firewalls and Internet access and software applications.
●Performed troubleshooting and diagnosis to hardware/software network failures and provided resolutions.
●I joined as a system administrator on my present company and now promoted as a Software Programmer using FiveWin Harbour with MySql Database .

Year of
Passing University / Boards
Exam Passed Institution Percentage
2004 SSLC(Government of Kerala) G.M.H.S Bharanikavu 40
2006 Plus Two(Government of Kerala) Chakuvally 63
2007 Diploma in Hardware & Networking (DCHNE) Wintech, Karunagappaly 85

Languages Reading Writing Speaking
English Yes Yes Yes
Malayalam Yes Yes Yes
Kannada No No Yes
Tamil No No Yes

HARDWARE:-

Computer assembling and maintenance.
Troubleshooting hardware and software problems.
Installing and configuring the peripherals, components and drivers
Installing software and application
Knowledge of printer and cartage refilling.
Configuring and troubleshooting desktops, laptops and servers
Excellent troubleshooting skills in software and hardware problems
Troubleshooting of personal computers. Online Support to customers concerning their computer problems

NETWORKING:-

Managing and Maintaining the Servers, PC’s, Routers and Switches.
Configuring, Managing and Maintaining Networking Equipments.
Network processing, centralized and distributed network connection
Installing, configuring and administering network technologies
Installed and configured workstations for IP based LAN
Installed and configured DHCP Client/Server

OTHERS:-

Backup Management, Reporting and Recovery
Virus Protection and Eradication
Configuring and troubleshooting Microsoft Outlook and Outlook express.
Installing and configuring administrating software applications.
Installing and configuring Microsoft Server 2003 and 2008
Providing Training of troubleshooting of Computer Hardware Devices
Functional knowledge of Data base management MySql Server on windows
Online Supporting for software and Web applications

Windows 2008 &2003 Server,Windows 2000 Server,Windows 2000, Windows 10, Windows 7, Windows Vista,Windows XP,Windows 98,Dos,Novell NetWare.Ubuntu

Fivewin With Harbour and Xharbour, Microsoft Office, Adobe Photoshop, Outlook express, FTP Manager,PhotoShop,Open Office,Virtual box

Mysql,DBF
Designed the database architecture for client projects.
Experienced in Database optimization and developing stored procedures, Triggers, Join Query, Views on MySQL Database
Database Back up & Restore

2 Year Experience as Service Engineer in Zeon systems and Services, Kollam, kerala, India
1 Year Experience as Team Leader in Zeon systems and Services, Kollam, kerala, India
4 Year Experience as System Administrator in Popular motor corporation, Bangalore
4 Year Experience as Software Programmer in Popular motor corporation, Ernakulam
(Continue)

I Sreeraj R S here by declares that all information is given above are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Place:Kollam
Date: 20/07/2019 Sreeraj R S

Contact this candidate
