
CURRICULUM VITAE

Blessing Kudjoe Agbosu

P. O. Box SK63 Solar post
Sakumono Estates-Tema
Ghana
Cell: +233-*********
+233-*********
Mailto: adadvl@r.postjobfree.com

Career Objective To become a chartered engineer, attain a professional license in mechanical engineering, to work with a progressive and dynamic company.

Personal Profile Strong team player
Ability to work with little or no supervision
Strong inter personal skills
Can work in any environment even under tough conditions

Education BSc. Mechanical Engineering 2013
Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology

HND Mechanical Engineering (Plant Option) 2009
Accra Polytechnic, Accra, Ghana CGPA 3.61

Mechanical Engineering Technician II (Plant) Nov, 2004-2005
Mikad Institute of Technology, Accra, Ghana

Mechanical Engineering Technician I Nov, 2003-2004
Accra Polytechnic, Accra, Ghana

Science (Physics, Chemistry, Geography, Add Maths) Feb, 1998-Dec, 2000
Accra Academy, Accra, Ghana

Relevant Courses Plant Maintenance and Work Services Control System Theory
Fluid Mechanics Facilities Design Instrumentation and Measurement Machine Design

Work Experience International Energy Services Limited as Nov. 2015- till date
Senior Project Engineer
Procurement Services
Mechanical Engineer (Sales & Service)
Preparing tenders, proposals and quotations
Project planning and development

Sahara Group Limited as March 2013
Operations Officer (So Aviation)
1.Ensuring effective and efficient use of equipment and tools to avoid unnecessary repair, prolong down time, tool replacement and man hours on maintenance
2.Ensuring prompt and adequate customer service
3.Aviation operations and quality control checks are done adequately
4.Responsive use of equipment to foresee faults before it happens through sound and regular checks
5.Appropriate use of PPE
6.Ensuring accident free operations
7.Promote HSE awareness culture among colleagues
8.Ensure conducive environment for productive work
9.Adhering Strictly to HSE awareness and guidelines

Finance Officer;
1.Customer account reconciliation
2.Bank Reconciliation
3.Receipting and Banking duties
4.Fixed asset journal and reconciliation
5.Preparation and passing of JV’s into the pastel accounting system
6.Preparation of weekly aging report for management meeting
Marketing Retail Officer

Western Steel and Forgings Limited at 2010-2013
Rolling Mills, Forge Shop and Melting Shop as a Management Trainee
1.Planning and Scheduling of Weekly and Monthly Production and Maintenance
2.Supervising Production and Maintenance
3.Safety Committee Member
4.Preparing performance appraisal

Western Steel and Forgings Limited at 2009-2010
Transport/HR as National Service Personnel
1.Ensuring vehicles move with necessary documents and
schedule transport services.
2.Assist in the documentation of vehicle history and monitor
maintenance carried out by WSFL Mechanics.
3. Preparing and Monitoring monthly fuel budget for company vehicles.
4.Supervising and servicing of company vehicles.
5. Ensuring efficient service delivery and managing cost of running vehicles to the barest minimum.

Worked with Tema Oil Refinery as a Technician at Sept-Nov, 2009 Hydroskimming Plant (Crude Distillation Unit)
1.Taking of Crude and Product Densities
2.Taking reading of Critical Equipment
3.Help in lighting Furnace
4.Help in Charging Chemicals
5.Help in starting of pumps

Worked with Tema Oil Refinery as a Technician at Sept-Nov, 2007
Mechanical Works Department on
1. Installation of valves
2. Removal and installation of V-belt
3. Cleaning and Removal of Strainers
4. Blinding Works
5. Pump Servicing, dismantling and assembling

Worked on Ghana Airways DC9-51 and DC10-30 July, 2004-Oct, 2004
(Airframe and Power plant) fleet of aircraft on
1.F’A’ Checks
2.Weekly Checks
3.Service Checks
4.Rectification of Snags
5.Completion of Training Programme under the supervision
Of the Base Maintenance Manager

Publication Rehabilitation and Testing of Fire Tube Boiler at the Mechanical Engineering Department’s Heat Engines Laboratory (Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology). A thesis submitted to the Department of Mechanical Engineering in partial fulfillment of the requirements for the award of Bachelor of Science degree in mechanical Engineering

Designing of Helixchanger Heat Exchanger for Hydroskimming Plant (Crude Distillation Unit) of Tema Oil Refinery (TOR) LTD (A design project submitted to the School of Engineering, Mechanical Engineering Department in partial fulfillment of the award of the Higher National Diploma (HND) program)

Workshops/Seminars/Training

Training on all ranges of Pumps by March, 2016
Milton Roy Europe, Dosing School

Instrumentation by March, 2016
Process and Plant Automation Limited

Airside Operations Training Course by March, 2013
Ghana Civil Aviation Training Academy

Safety Leaders Training Programme by May, 2011
Department of Factories Inspectorate

Project Management by Polytechnic Engineering Student May, 2008
Association of Ghana & Ghana Institution of Engineers

International Leadership Summit by National Society Feb, 2006
Of Black Engineers, Ghana (NSBE-Ghana)

Effective Teamwork Strategy by National Society of Black Nov, 2006
Engineers, Accra Alumni Extension

Current Trends in Maintenance Planning by School of Feb, 2005
Engineering, Accra Polytechnic

Computer Skills MS Office, AutoCAD

Professional Affiliation Member of Ghana Institution of Engineers (TPE# 09156)

Member of the National Society of Black Engineers

Member of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers

Referees:

Date of Birth: 15 June 1981
Marital Status: Married
Nationality: Ghanaian
Languages spoken: English, Twi, Ga, Ewe.
Dr. Anthony Agyei Agyemang
Senior Lecturer
Mechanical Engineering Department
Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology
Tel: (+233)024-*******
Ing. Bernard Adolf Entsiwah
Senior Planning Engineer
Barka Power & Water Desalination Plant
NOMAC Oman
Box 572
P.C. 320, Barka, Sultanate of Oman
Tel: +968-********
+968-********

Contact this candidate
