
John Sangiuolo
ARRT, CNMT, CNCT, Certified ECHO
**** ***** ******* **.
Prosper, TX 75078
adad02@r.postjobfree.com
214-***-****

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
Cardiology / Process Optimization / Clinical and Outpatient

A highly recommended and recruited Technologist with an exceptional reputation for increasing departmental efficiency and performance. Skilled in both clinical and outpatient venues with solid experience in cardiac or general nuclear medicine and generalized P.E.T. knowledge. Notable skills and commendations for organizational efficiency, process optimization and manpower utilization.

Education and Certifications

NUCLEAR MEDICINE TECHNOLOGY (ARRT)

Certified Nuclear Cardiology Technologist (CNCT)
Certified: Adult Echo cardiology
S. DIAGNOSTIC MEDICAL SONOGRAPHERS (SDMS)
BLS Certified
AM. REG.OF RADIOLOGIC TECHNOLOGISTS (ARRT)
CT Trained, CT Registry eligible

Albert Einstein College of Medicine- Bronx, NY
Prerequisite studies in Nuclear Medicine

IONA COLLEGE – New Rochelle, New York
Bachelor of Arts – Communications / Audio Technology

Professional Highlights

CDL Nuclear Technologies (All Nuclear Medicine ) Crescent Hospital Lancaster,TX
(2017-Present). Part Time.

All responsibilities in the field of Nuclear Medicine and Nuclear Cardiology. All corresponding Qa/Qc procedures. Patient scheduling and responsibilities . Quality control for all nuclear isotopes including logging and catagorizinig of said radioactive isotopes. Responsible for all I.V. setups and subsequent testing. Customer relations as well as all relevant Nuclear Radiology studies including Bones, Thyroids, All applicable renal scans as well as cardiac imaging producing and stress testing.
.
Hunt Regional Medical Center (General Nuclear Medicine) Greenville, TX (2012 -Present)
Part Time.
All aspects of Nuclear Medicine/Nuclear Cardiology in a major Medical Center. Patient involvement includes case studies as well as individual care. All Radiologic safeguards and procedures in compliance with Nuclear Regulatory Commission. All aspects of Qa/Qc procedures .Renal Transplant and Cohen Glofil studies. All I.V. settings as well as injection responsibilities. Patient relations and necessary follow up procedures. Special Nuclear Medicine procedures and protocols.

Related Current Experience :
Alliance Medical Imaging Services (PET/CT) Wichita Falls, TX (2012-2017)
PET/CT studies for both cancer detection and therapy monitoring. All procedures and processing of studies as well as patient monitoring and relations. I.V. access as well as all Qa/Qc procedures. Interface at multiple facilities with the Radiology staff concerning all PET/CT aspects of patients. Follow up information when needed for special case studies.

Greenville Cardiology ( Nuclear Cardiology Specialist) Greenville, TX ( 2014-2018)
Responsible for the daily imaging and processing of a major Cardiology Practice serving the North Texas community. All patient scheduling and relations with regard to Nuclear Cardiology Stress Testing and follow up. Consulting with the Cardiologist with regard to all daily /weekly cardiology case studies. Responsible for State/Federal guidelines for the proper dispensation of Nuclear Cardiac Radiologic isotopes. All patient follow up and procedural processing of studies. ICANL credentialing.

Templar Consulting: 2007 to 2012
Contracting Technologist
As a Consulting Technologist, I have held roles such as EKG Specialist, Lab Technician, Nuclear Medicine, Nuclear Cardiology Specialist.
Responsible for all aspects of nuclear medicine as well as nuclear cardiology. Performed specialty studies such as Sirasphere therapy and Bexar therapy. Performed all billing and coding duties along with patient relations .Renal patency/Glofil studies. Vacation coverage for both Cardiology offices and major healthcare institutions. All QA and QC procedures for daily department usage.
Processing and follow up studies with emphasis on nuclear cardiology cases. Purchasing and monitoring of department supplies. On call responsibilities and weekend coverage for emergency studies. Pediatric studies when necessary. PET studies with emphasis on cardiac for certain weekday schedules. ICANL Certification duties. PET/CT total body screenings (contract & mobile) 2007-2012.

Doctors Hospital of Dallas 2006 to 2007
Supervisor-Nuclear Medicine/Nuclear Cardiology
Supervisory role over Nuclear Medicine. Responsible for all aspects of Nuclear Radiology. Department responsible for general Nuclear Medicine procedures, Nuclear Cardiology procedures as well as specialty procedures. Oversee scheduling, quality control, patient education, charting and documentation. Full departmental budgetary responsibility as well as employee training, counseling and mentoring. Mentor newly hired technicians on nuclear cardiology protocols and procedures, as necessary. Ongoing product knowledge mentor for up to six technologists in nuclear cardiology. Established policy and procedures, increased technician productivity and departmental optimization.
Pediatric and infant imaging. Transplant imaging. Hepatobiliary procedures. Market research and demographics for purchasing of cameras and radiology equipment.

Presbyterian Hospital – Dallas, Texas 2002 to 2005
Chief Technician (Supervisor) – Nuclear Cardiology
Responsibilities included: lead a high volume cardiac nuclear medicine technology department and guide the efforts of two medical assistants completing up to 20 cardiac studies daily. Sole cardiac technologists supporting a 1,000-bed facility; Assistant Manager – Designate. General cardiac PET procedures and total body PET scanning for oncology patients.
Produced 20% and 35% increases in cardiac departmental performance in 2002 and 2003 respectively by optimizing patient and test scheduling; on track to complete 3500 studies in 2003. Streamlined patient scheduling, preparation, flow and contraindication analysis.
Orchestrate the flow of information and documentation to and from the nuclear testing department, acting as liaison with both physicians and administrative staff members.
Mentor newly hired technicians on nuclear cardiology protocols and procedures, as necessary. Ongoing product knowledge mentor for an eight-person staff in nuclear cardiology.
Consulted with the nuclear medicine departmental manager in the preparation of annual operating and capital expenditure budgets. Identified opportunities for increase production, successfully recommending additional equipment to facilitate higher volumes. Radiopharmaceutical preparation and marketing. Negotiating and bidding for nuclear equipment.

Arbor Temporary Services – Jacksonville, Florida 2000 to 2001
Nuclear Medicine Technologist
Completed five long-term assignments with Jacksonville’s major nuclear medicine facilities, including a two-person assignment supporting the 1,000-bed Orlando Regional Hospital complex. Utilized as a “fireman” to relieve pressure on highly challenged operations.

References available upon request.

Contact this candidate
