
DONALD L. FINCH, JR.
Address: **** ******* ****** ****, ***. B Indianapolis IN 46268 Phone: 317-***-**** Email: adaduf@r.postjobfree.com

OBJECTIVE: Seeking a Quality Engineer position that offers professional growth and will allow me to utilize my skills and abilities in your industry while being resourceful, innovative, and flexible.

PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS

Results-driven individual possessing excellent critical thinking and communication skills.
Detail focused with over (10) years’ experience in Quality Control.
Certified in SPC1, Kaizen, and Production Certification (PC ODA) functions.
Knowledgeable in stamping, assembly, and testing processes.
Knowledgeable in Lean Manufacturing, First Article inspections, PPAP, PPSR, Gage R&R, SPC, 8D, 5Y, TQM, PFMEA, GD&T, ISO9001, ISO14001, QS9000, AS9100, Microsoft Suite, and SAP.
PROFESSIONAL HISTORY

Parts Super Center Indianapolis, IN
Electro-Mechanical Assembly Technician April 2019 – Present

●Assure assemblies meet quality standards and maintain quality documentation.
●Read, understand and work to assembly instructions, engineering drawings, BOMs and SOPs.
●Assemble and test electromechanical assemblies and sub-assemblies.
●Utilize various hand tools, measuring tools, test tools, and other power tools to complete tasks.
●Verify quantities and items shipping out per Work Orders.
●Pack finished products to deliver.
●Discuss performance issues and improvement ideas with pertinent technical staff.

Leave of Absence February 2016 – September 2018
Full-time caregiver during family member’s illness

Enterprise Holdings (Part-Time) Indianapolis, IN
Delivery Driver May 2017 – September 2018

OHL Contract Logistics (MS-IL Staffing & Packaging) Indianapolis, IN
Quality Control/Material Handler September 2015 – February 2016

●Supported internal customers by coordinating and assisting in quality issue resolution and special rush requirements.
●Performed case history search on returned products to assure all allegations are addressed.
●Inspected incoming orders for accurate quantity, specifications, and defects.
●Interpreted orders and requisitions to determine items to be moved, gathered, or distributed.
●Sorted and placed materials or items on racks, shelves, or in bins according to predetermined sequence, such as size, type, style, color, or product code.
●Received customer returned product within defined time and quality requirements.
●Entered and maintained digital inventory records.

Rexnord Bearings (Staffmark) Indianapolis, IN
Quality Engineer August 2014 – March 2015

●Created all Quality Standard Operating Procedures for the Grinding Department.
●Implemented process in grinding, controlling measurement variations to reduce the amount of parts scrapped.
●Provided technical support to operations team to ensure that products and processes complied with relevant requirements of the quality management system.
●Led continuous improvement activities to enhance quality systems.
●Supported the development of training programs to build quality awareness.
●Assisted in creating PFMEA’s and Control Plans for the Grinding Department.

Austin’s Mobile Maintenance Service (Part-Time) Indianapolis, IN
Mechanic Assistant March 2012 - Present

●Diagnose hard-to-find problems and pinpoint the root causes of them.
●Locate the source of malfunctions and propose solutions to remedy the faults.
●Review the effectiveness of infrared engines and electronic systems.
●Inspect parts of the unit such as engine, transmissions, and brakes.
●Utilize micrometers, calipers, and various gauges in inspecting units.

Rolls-Royce Corporation (ASR Management & Technical Services) Indianapolis, IN
Quality Engineer/ODA Designee/Receiving Inspection July 2008 to September 2011

●Utilized schematic and blueprint specifications to inspect subassemblies, tubing, wire harnesses, and control panels for Rolls-Royce engines and motors.
●Verified supplier shipping documents that part numbers, quantity, and number of
containers agree with manifest.
●Classified part numbers to Rolls-Royce overcheck plans.
●Updated part number list for LIMS status.
●Traveled to suppliers in order to address various quality issues.

Significant Accomplishments
●Successfully completed the requirements to become an ODA Unit Member under the
Rolls-Royce Corporation ODA program on November 3, 2009.

MS Sedco (Diverse Staffing – temporary) Indianapolis, IN
Quality Control Technician April 2008 to July 2008

●Completed first and random inspections of parts on every order before and during a production cycle.
●Ensured all quality processes are followed and adhered to on a daily basis.
●Inspected all incoming materials to ensure they are correct per order specifications.
●Calibrated Q/C testing equipment and monitored rejections/scrap in shop operations.
●Performed tests on sensors for garage doors and stop lights.

Raytheon Technical Service Company Indianapolis, IN
Machine Parts Inspector April 2005 to August 2007

●Performed visual and dimensional inspections on a wide variety of precision and complex in process and finished machine parts, highly complex components, raw and investment
castings, forgings, fabricated sheet metal parts, and hardware produced in-house and supplied by vendors.
●Determined product quality and acceptability of inspected items in accordance with written procedures in an ISO-Registered eenvironment.
●Performed investigative mechanical and visual analysis of nonconforming material.
●Worked with the following measuring devices: micrometers, calipers, thread ring gauges; thread plug gauges, snap gauges, indicators, height gauges, gauge blocks, and CMM.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science, Industrial Engineering Technology – Northwest Missouri State University

Contact this candidate
