
Jim Bennett
Las Vegas, NV ***** adadkc@r.postjobfree.com 702-***-****
I am seeking steady, full-time, long term employment by a reputable company in the construction/building/maintenance field.
Work Experience
My previous employment/training has provided me with a strong, honest work ethic and an adaptable skillset. Capable of performing without supervision, or under strict mandates, in any adverse conditions (weather, extreme heights, confined space, live traffic etc.) Strong construction background from ditch digging to high-rise construction, residential to heavy civil, even customer service and sales
Maintenance Manager
Richmond Park HOA. Inc. - Las Vegas, NV
February 2015 to July 2019
Responsible for keeping the common areas clean & ready for use. Areas include three pools & spas, tennis courts, clubhouse, streets & walkways. Also responsible for resident complaints, issuing parking permits & access cards for amenities. Supervised the work of vendors & contractors to ensure quality & completion of services Coordinated with contractors &u property management co. to schedule larger jobs (roof repair/re-roof, tree trimming, asphalt resurfacing etc.) Required to patrol property to enforce property rules & regulations and issuing violation notices for infractions (unapproved changes to property, parking violations, upkeep of unit etc.) Being the only on site contact I dealt with every resident, every vendor, every service provider. If it happened on property I handled it to the best of my ability.
Maintenance Technician
Clark Terrace Mutual Homes - Las Vegas, NV
January 2013 to January 2015
Las Vegas, Nv
Responded to all service calls for plumbing, electrical, hvac, lockouts, appliances, minor repairs etc. Also completed property improvement projects including
design/build maintenance facility storage bldgs and garages. Replaced all windows throughout complex. Remodeled office. Replaced pool equip., resurfaced pool and deck. CPO cert. Implemented power, water and cost saving devices and practices. All apt. turns, replace any fixtures, counter-tops, cabinets, make drywall repairs, finish and texture/popcorn. Much more.
Independent contractor
Labor Max Staffing - Las Vegas, NV July 2012 to December 2012
Dispatched as requested, by clients needing temporary assistance.
Carpenter Journeyman
Aggregate Industries - Las Vegas, NV
January 2012 to April 2012
Las Vegas, Nv
Project: Mc Carren Airport runway reconfiguration The construction of bridges, ramps and barriers. Applying my skills and experience necessary to meet all code and time requirements. Forklift operator.
Handyman
Self employed - Sandy Valley, NV
February 2009 to November 2011
Offering my knowledge and abilities to the residents of small rural community in which I resided. Building decks, storage sheds, and installing fencing, gates and other desired structures. Property cleanup. Install, repair and replace appliances, plumbing and electrical fixtures.
Carpenter Journeyman
Obayashi Construction - Boulder City, NV
December 2007 to November 2008
Project: Hoover Dam Bypass Bridge. Responsible for the assembly, installation, and operation of self advancing pneumatic form
system.completion of courses in extreme angle safety and rescue and wildlife/environmental preservation required. Required to perform under
extremely adverse conditions and under strict OSHA safety mandates, still
achieving precise, accurate results. Providing access to all necessary locations by erecting scaffolding, building ramps, stairways, platforms etc. Utilization of cranes, lifts and cable-way. Lift operator.
Carpenter Journeyman
Frehner Construction - Las Vegas, NV
August 2007 to November 2007
Las Vegas, Nv
Project: Interchange @ St. Rose Pkwy & I-15. Construction of bridge, ramps and barriers. Applying my skills and experience to erect false-work, set beams, form gurters, provide access, strip, build lost deck, set stress heads, set embeds, set barrier forms, pour watch, stripping, sorting, stacking, loading materials for transport. Forklift operator, crane signaler.
Carpenter Journeyman
Frehner Construction - Las Vegas, NV
November 2003 to July 2007
Project:US-95 Widening, Rainbow Curve to MLK. Blvd. Multiple bridges, miles of barrier/ sound-wall, flood control culvert and spill-ways. All necessary alterations
to existing structures. Construction of all forms, temporary supports, and walk-ways. Contending with proximity to live traffic. Surveying for determining
exact location and elevation. Transportation of all materials needed, safely and quickly crossing live traffic. Called upon for the loading/ unloading of oversized beams (3'x75') requiring operation of high capacity lifts. Setting beams over traffic.The placement/ use of light plant, warning signage, and lane shifts.
Carpenter Journeyman
Washington Group Construction - Las Vegas, NV
July 2003 to November 2003
Project: 215 Beltway, Lone Mtn. to US-95 Multiple bridges, flood control spill-ways and culvert. Connecting new construction to existing structures. Setup and operation of traveling form system. Boom-lift operation, responsible for locating and delivering materials as needed.
Frehner Construction - Las Vegas, NV
January 2003 to June 2003
Las Vegas, Nv
Project:St Rose Pkwy Sound-wall, Eastern to US-95 Miles of sound-wall and barrier with drop inlets for flood control. The building, setting, stripping, repairing and transportation of forms. Building bulkheads and setting scaffolding/ walk-ways as needed. Upon completion was transferred to
Ann Rd Project for underground box culvert connections requiring lighting and ventilation equipment.
Carpenter Journeyman
Granite Construction - Las Vegas, NV
July 2002 to September 2002
Las Vegas, Nv
Project: Las Vegas Monorail, Sahara and Hilton Stations. Assembly of steel forms and work platforms needed to complete elevated rail system. Forming footings and setting embeds required for columns. Boom-lift operator.
Carpenter Journeyman
Frehner Construction - Las Vegas, NV
October 2001 to May 2002
Project: Sound-wall 215 Beltway at Centennial Blvd. Setting and aligning forms, Building walk-ways and bulkhead. Stripping, repairing and repeating.
Upon completion transferred to Project Frank Sinatra Bridge @ I-15.
Construction of abutment, setting of false-work, laying of deck, setting of gutters, forming top deck, setting barrier forms.
Self Employed
Real Estate Rehabilitation - Las Vegas, NV
November 2000 to September 2001
Worked with partner rehabbing residential properties for real estate co.
Completing all work necessary to facilitate sale or rental of property. Paint interior/ exterior all repairs and replacements as required.
Construction Supervisor
Tuff Shed Inc - Las Vegas, NV
July 1991 to September 2000
As carpenter I assisted in the assembly of storage buildings. I quickly earned my own truck & completing my installations early allowed me to learn the pre-fab process. Having displayed a strong work ethic and leadership abilities I was
promoted to Construction Supervisor. Supervising the pre-fab. and on-site crews, being accountable for keeping labor and material costs down, ensuring inventory
was accurate, keeping maintenance records on company vehicles. Training of new employees. Helping in sales, on-site inspections and pulling permits. Create a functional layout to encompass all required stations, storage, and accessibility needs.
Education

High school or equivalent
monte Vista HS - San Diego, CA

Maintenance, Equipment maintenance, Time management, Capable of leading or joining crew. Willing to learn or train. Ability to listen & follow instructions. Cost effective use of time & materials. (10+ years)
Certifications/Licenses

Safety & Lift operator
Re-certifiable on forklift, man lift, boom lift. Issued OSHA 10 & MSHA cards, CPO cert.
Assessments

Construction Safety — Highly Proficient August 2019
Using safe practices while on a construction site
Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/0zyh5mim7h7mnkrw
Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.
Additional Information

Skills
Repairing Building and Construction
Equipment Maintenance Management of Material Resources
Installation Time Management
Troubleshooting Judgment and Decision Making
Transportation

Contact this candidate
