
Contact
adadm5@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/madhusmita-
d-88406123 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
SQL
.NET
Oracle
Honors-Awards
Star for the Quarter
Madhusmita Das
Senior Consultant for Citi COE
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Summary
Business focused professional with over 7years experience of Management Consulting, Executive Search. Experience in handling end to end large projects globally, data analytic and competency assessment. Accountable for translating the business strategy into people and organization strategies and driving these through the organization’s values.
Have executed leadership roles for technology firms or technology skillset for Product, Services, Internet Technology firms & Captive technology setups.
Capability to communicate and build rapport with senior business leaders from various backgrounds.
In summary, I bring a sense of commitment, dedication and professionalism to every aspect of my work. As a consistent performer.
Experience
Citi
Senior Consultant
July 2018 - Present
Bangalore
Leading Risk recruitment, Regulatory Risk (CCAR) Recruitment Hiring for India and responsible to design and implement Recruitment strategy to meet the hiring needs of one of the most complex businesses of CITI AIM(Bangalore) Manage end to end recruitment lifecycle, innovative sourcing, closure of fresh as well as lateral hiring positions
SPOC for Risk, CCAR, Fraud, Digital, Modeling, Data Scientist and Business Analytics Recruitment for CITI AIM.
Page 1 of 2
Have expertise in adhoc planning of recruitment strategy to meet the hiring needs of both niche as well as bulk hiring.
Understanding of the India Talent Landscape – Created competition intelligence reports, which included market mapping of select companies and colleges
Work with the Partner group to prepare, modify and execute strategies to attract the best talent and stay ahead of the competition. Also creating a fantastic candidate experience
Executive Consulting firm
Manager
August 2014 - May 2018 (3 years 10 months)
Bengaluru Area, India
Worked for leadership roles across Investment Banking, Risk and Governance, IT, Finance and Corporate Banking domain.
• Mapping client’s requirements and rendering effective solutions in line with the guidelines specified by the clients’ on Operations - identifying and approaching suitable resources.
• Core responsibility -to manage and execute assignments with key clients across industries and help them for middle to leadership positions across functions.
• Building the talent pipeline and increasing the quality of identifying talent requirements those align with business objectives. TRUGlobal
Senior IT Consultant
December 2012 - August 2014 (1 year 9 months)
Bangalore
Education
Biju Patnaik University of Technology, Odisha
B-Tech, Electrical, Electronic and Communications Engineering Technology/ Technician
Page 2 of 2

Contact this candidate
