
Thomas E. Bentley
*** *****'s Lane. Waveland, MS 39576
228-***-****, adadg6@r.postjobfree.com
Professional Summary
Accomplished, skilled, reliable, self-motivated contractor with 30 years of residential and commercial business to business trade and sales experience, seeking a permanent position. Exceptional organizational and planning skills, with attention to detail. Ability to recognize and solve problems independently. Strong communication and negotiation skills.
.
Experience
Spill Tackle, LLC.
August 2018-August 2019
Operations/Sales Manager
Manage day to day operations of factory production.
Maintain weekly scheduled preventive maintenance. Maintain parts and equipment of machinery.
Design, purchase and install equipment for manufacturing facility. Purchase of new equipment and parts for repairs to existing machinery.
Manage production from raw material to logistics for shipping of product both domestic and international.
Communicate with customers and potential customers that call to inquire or purchase product.
Responsible for sales, manage salespeople. Find resolutions for selling the product.
Participate and manage internal cold calls to promote sales through Salesforce. Perform outside demos of product when needed and actively participate in expo’s in five southeastern states. Triple T Developing Corp, Inc.
June 1990-Present
Owner/Operator
Project Design and Build in Industrial and Heavy Residential trades. Day-to-day operations include the following but are not limited to Microsoft Office in payroll, accounts payable, receivables, change orders and to ensure compliance with all contracts and codes.
Responsible for sales and production from start of project thru completion.
General contracting (as well as subcontracting), supervision of multiple subcontractors, estimator, blueprint layout, survey and elevation reports, quality control, safety training, preventative maintenance, troubleshooting all phases.
Coordinate with sub-contractors to create and maintain calendar for project implement to completion.
Maintain quality control, production control, and jobsite administration.
Manage budgets and oversee equipment and resources requirements and usage.
Heavy machine operation - bulldozer, excavator, skid steer, backhoe, double and triple axle dump trucks.
Volunteer/Contractor/Owner
Hurricane Katrina disaster relief volunteer to families and individuals needing assistance rebuilding their homes and lives due to lack of funds to do so on their own.
Rebuilding and renovation of homes destroyed or damaged by Hurricane Katrina (with other relief agencies).
Pete Miller Sheet Metal and Roofing/Marion, OH
June, 1985-1990
Assistant Project Manager
Estimator layout, blueprint layout, heavy machine operator, equipment spotter.
Responsible for set up and tear down of job sites, including transporting portable 55’0” elevator belt, semi-trailer flat beds, 30’ dump trailers.
Education
The Ohio State University/Marion, OH
Studied civil engineering 1984-1985
Marion Technical College/Marion, OH
Received degree in electrical engineering 1984
Tri Rivers Joint Vocational School/Marion, OH
Received degree in Electrical Trades 1977-1979
Pleasant High School/Marion, OH
High School Diploma obtained 1975-1979
Certification
Frist aid and OSHA

Contact this candidate
