
adadur@r.postjobfree.com
Scott Juskavitch
508-***-****
Objective
Experienced Fleet Manager and technician with excellent problem solving skills and dedication to my work. Looking to secure a position with a company where I can utilize my skills and workmanship with opportunities to continue to learn and grow. A full list of multiple certifications is available upon request. Experience
M&M Transport
2018-
Fleet Manager
-Scheduling PM services and assign repairs for a fleet of 600+ Tractors through out multiple locations As well as Moffets and Loadmacs
- scheduling new equipment to be In serviced, people net and drive cams installed. Set up of all people net settings, EZPASS and DriveCam.
- Get unit numbers, plates, registrations for equipment as needed
- Set up repairs with outside vendors and dealers for warranty repairs, General repairs, specialty and accident repairs
-Communicate and work with parts manager daily to insure correct parts are being ordered, stocked and delivered in a timely manner as well as setting up warranty and putting in warranty claims when necessary.
- Educating, training and development of mechanics, maintaining a safe and efficient working environment and monitoring employee performance. Get necessary information for technicians to repair equipment when needed. Keep all diagnostic programs up to date and operating properly.
-Assisting in daily road and break downs
- Communicate with dispatchers, technicians, foreman, office personal, drivers and other management. A.DUIE PYLE Northboro, MA
2017-2018
Class A technician
-Full A-B PM services on both tractors and trailers with repairs
-After treatment PM, Diagnostics, Troubleshooting and repairs
-Troubleshoot and repair drivelines and brake systems
-Trouble shoot and repair CEL and electrical systems adadur@r.postjobfree.com
Scott Juskavitch
508-***-****
-run over heads on mack, Volvo and freightliner engines
-Open and close work orders, Pick and bill all parts to work orders as necessary
-Trailer door repairs and replacement
-Help other technicians as needed
-Operate Loader and sander for snow removal
Barry Equipment
2016 - 2016 Webster, MA
Technician
Full Services.
Worked on a variety of machines; new to older Doosan, Peterson, Yanmar, CAT and some Class 8 truck repairs.
Set up on new machines, equipment and attachments.
Diagnosed and repaired engines and related components.
Driveline and components on both heavy equipment and Peterson grinders and chippers.
Electrical and hydraulic repairs.
Minor up fitting of hydraulic components, PTO and attachments.
On site repairs.
R&D work on Peterson.
Prepping and painting.
Heating and A/C system repairs.
CASE of New England
2012 - 2016 Shrewsbury, MA
Technician
Provided full services.
Worked on a variety of machines and equipment; brand new to older.
Diagnosed, repaired and rebuilt engines, transmissions, axles and driveline components.
Electrical and hydraulic repairs.
Set up on new machines and equipment.
Used computer to diagnose, update software and calibrations.
Fabricate, body repair and welding.
Serviced A/C, cooling and heating systems.
Rebuilt faulty assemblies including steering systems, hydraulic cylinders and linkages.
Road service experience.
Communication with customers regarding issues and potential repairs.
Guided other technicians with decisions concerning repair and replacement of parts. Tri-State Truck Center
2003 - 2011 Shrewsbury, MA
adadur@r.postjobfree.com
Scott Juskavitch
508-***-****
Diesel Technician
Engine rebuilding and machining inserts and injector cups.
Replacing injectors and turbo’s.
Front gear train repairs and all related steps.
Running over heads.
Transmission diagnosis and rebuilding.
Replacement of clutches, turning flywheels, rear structures, rears and all related driveline repairs and troubleshooting.
Experience supervising and working with new techs to ensure quality.
On call road service technician.
Mid-State International
2001-2002 Worcester, MA
Diesel Mechanic
Performed PM maintenance.
Brake and driveline repairs.
Minor engine repairs.
Noremac Manufacturing
1999-2001 Westboro, MA
CNC Machinist/Maintenance
Operating Matsuura vertical machining centers, MC 1000, 800, 600, 760 and 510VF.
Setting up jobs, fixturing and proving out first pieces and programs.
Basic programming and editing, first piece inspections.
Machine maintenance and troubleshooting.
Education
Blackstone Valley Technical High School
Graduated 1994 Upton, MA
Automotive Technology
Completed a 400 hour academic internship.
References
Available upon request.

Contact this candidate
