
Victor M. Guzman
Long Beach, CA *****
951-***-****
adadob@r.postjobfree.com
SKILLS & QUALIFICATIONS
Goal-driven leader experienced in Government, Management, Human Resources, Payroll, and Finance; who maintains a productive climate and confidently motivates, mobilizes, and coaches employees to meet high performance standards.
Highly analytical computer-literate performer with extensive software proficiency in Excel formulation and Microsoft Word with demonstrated talent for identifying, improving, and streamlining complex work processes.
Innovative problem-solver, exceptional listener and communicator who can generate workable solutions and resolve complaints and effectively convey information verbally and in writing in both English and Spanish languages. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
5/2017-3/2019: City of Lynwood Finance and Administration Department Lynwood, CA PAYROLL SPECIALIST (BILINGUAL SPANISH)
Process payroll for all City of Lynwood employees including part time, full time, exempt and elected officials using ADP, EDEN and CalPERS and CalPERS 457(b) retirement reporting systems
Prepares and uploads state reports, Franchise Tax Board and IRS reportings
Extensive knowledge of FEHA, FLSA, FMLA, CFRA, ADA regulations with experience in the implementation of new MOUs in collaboration with bargaining units
Created Position Control for citywide departmental use and audit and correct failed implementation of payroll from EDEN to ADP systems
6/2015-5/2017: Anaheim Union High School District – Human Resources Anaheim, CA CREDENTIALS TECHNICIAN (BILINGUAL: SPANISH)
Credentialing Service: evaluate transcripts, employment history and personal data on teaching credential to determine if applicant meets State requirements for various credentials and/or employment options and for placement on salary scale.
Recruitment, Employment and Processing Functions: prepare certificated vacancy announcements and post to Ed-join. Screen applicants for first round interviews. Type offer letter and notify Orange County Department of Education of hire.
Record Maintenance and Reporting Functions: extensive use of HR 2.0 to create appropriate payline for proper payment to staff; prepare and maintain technical records and reports related to certificated employment, evaluations and credential expirations; codes, enters and assists in maintaining personnel data concerning certificated employees into various databases 8/2013-6/2015: San Bernardino County Human Services Auditing – Payments Unit San Bernardino, CA SUPERVISING FISCAL SPECIALIST (BILINGUAL: SPANISH)
Supervisor of Payments Unit: Supervise the preparation, audit and processing of the monthly payroll to foster parents, caregivers etc. and vouchers for reimbursement of funds to vendors for services rendered by county assisted public. Serving as the central hub for all county control valuables such as vouchers, gas cards, bus passes and EBT cards.
Plan, organize, schedule and assign the day to day fiscal operations of the unit; establish work sequence, priorities, deadlines, and work standards.
Develop, revise and implement new procedures, forms and office systems; coordinate clerical services with other departmental operations. Maintain records of workload and personnel information.
Operate a variety of office equipment to enter, retrieve and audit data; and produce or process materials, including correspondence, memoranda, and reports to other county departments, vendors and the public utilizing Word and Excel. 6/2012-7/2013: San Bernardino County Transitional Assistance Department Fontana, CA SUPERVISING OFFICE ASSISTANT & SAFETY COMMITTEE CHAIR (BILINGUAL: SPANISH)
Supervise, evaluate work performance, follow through on disciplinary action and identify training needs of staff; to devise, plan and prepare training materials and programs.
Review and modify workflow to enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of lobby management and customer service.
Review, interpret and implement state and federal regulations to work processes to meet compliance with mandates.
Audit, reconcile and approve travel claims, E.B.T. card logs, petty cash and imprest cash.
Develop statistical tabulations and graphic representations of data; prepare correspondence and reports for public and management.
Facilitate safety committee meetings and develop safety plans. Assign tasks to committee members; participate in and supervise execution of all safety committee functions such as California Shake Out, evacuation and fire drills.
Responsible for the investigation of incidents and/or injuries; facilitated by interviewing employees and public involved for fact gathering, analysis of collected data and creation of procedures for submission of course(s) of recommended action to management.
Victor M. Guzman
Long Beach, CA 90813
951-***-****
adadob@r.postjobfree.com
11/2008-6/2012: San Bernardino County Auditor/Controller-Tax Collector San Bernardino, CA EMACS PAYROLL TECHNICIAN
Oversee assigned county payroll departments, audit data prepared for accuracy and compliance with labor laws and M.O.U. guidelines.
Interpret regulations governed by various past and present M.O.U.s to determine appropriate procedures and formulations.
Audit retro pay reports to calculate wages due, determine overpayments, and make final pay corrections.
Prepare spreadsheets to research, track, and make coding and payment adjustments to past and present payroll cycles.
Calculate and process Workers’ Compensation and Short Term Disability payments and integrate leave time as necessary.
Review, interpret, and process legal forms from various garnishing entities. 1/2007-11/2008: San Bernardino County Tax Collector (Accounting) San Bernardino, CA FISCAL ASSISTANT II (BILINGUAL: SPANISH)
Review, reconcile, and maintain fiscal records to resolve complex fiscal problems.
Audit and verify data to prepare for annual and supplemental property tax billing.
Code payment records and balance receipts with great attention to detail in preparation of refund of unclaimed and excess funds.
High volume cashiering for various departments using cashiering system to process, post, balance and transmit millions of dollars; daily.
1/2006-1/2007: San Bernardino County ACR (Property Tax) San Bernardino, CA FISCAL ASSISTANT I (BILINGUAL: SPANISH)
Perform final check of arithmetical computations on accounting documents.
Collect funds for the recording of new parcel maps as bonds for payment of impending property taxes.
Verify information on recorded documents to process and allow reimbursement of funds from bonds.
Maintain, track, and reconcile fiscal records on a monthly basis; allocate bond funds and process invoices accordingly. 3/2005-1/2006: San Bernardino County Tax Collector (Tax Sale) San Bernardino, CA OFFICE ASSISTANT II (BILINGUAL: SPANISH)
Conduct research on property tax data to begin process of Tax Sale and maintain and prepare fiscal reports.
Perform and audit mathematical computations to collect and accurately allocate funds to redeem property from tax sale.
High volume payment processing and review and reconciliation of fiscal/accounting records for proper allocation of funds. 1/2003-2/2005: Citi Cards - Call Center Rancho Cucamonga, CA CALL CENTER ACCOUNT MANAGER (BILINGUAL: SPANISH)
Supervise, evaluate work performance and compute monthly statistical reports on team and team sales.
Handle difficult customers; research data, credit and fair lending laws, interpret and explain findings and resolutions to public and employees.
Review and reconcile complex credit accounts for arithmetical accuracy. High volume coding and balancing. 3/2001-1/2003: InfoNXX – Call Center Riverside, CA HUMAN RESOURCES ANALYST & TELEPHONE OPERATOR TRAINER (BILINGUAL-SPANISH)
Supervised, evaluated work performance and identified training needs of new hires as to determine qualifications for hiring as Telephone Operators.
Abet with test development and administration, job classification studies, updating and maintaining personnel transactions and control records, compensation and benefit management, training & worker's compensation benefits.
Prepared memos, correspondence and management reports.
Devised and planned training programs and prepared training materials.
Answered questions and resolved issues regarding policies and procedures. EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATIONS
3/2019-Present: University of La Verne Ontario,CA
HUMAN RESOURCES MANAGEMENT WITH CA LABOR LAW CREDENTIAL 11/2010: County of San Bernardino Management and Leadership Academy San Bernardino, CA SUPERVISORY DEVELOPMENT CERTIFICATE

Contact this candidate
