
Susan Merlak

OBJECTIVE: A contract or permanent Quality Inspector position

SUMMARY:

* **** - ********** ****** – Technical Business / Computer Specialist (90% complete) + various quality courses and certifications
20+ years of technical experience in the Medical, Aerospace Industry
10+ years of Quality Inspection experience in a CNC machine shop environment. Worked in all parts Inspection positions from prototype to First Article to Final and returned goods
Worked with high precision machines with tolerances up to 0.0005 of an inch
5 years of CMM unit operations (Sharpe, Zeiss, Mitutoyo, Giddings & Lewis)
Very proficient with various measuring tools and instruments including calipers, micrometers, profilometers, gauges, Optical comparators (both classical and digital)
Worked with complex calibration methods involving Vision Systems i.e. Mitutoyo LSM-6200 Laser Scan Micrometer, GageTrak and Excel Database and Gaussmeters, Torque/Load cells and fixtures and various brands of Coordinate Measuring Machines.
Experience with reading blueprints and GD&T Standards
Excellent quality documentation skills for control docs, process, procedure. Create documents to comply with regulations like ISO 9001 and QS 9100
Good math aptitude and advanced computer skills including MS Excel and Word.
Managed the calibration and maintenance of measuring tools and keep accurate inventory
Local person. Can commute to the Aurora, IL plant and work 1st (prefer) or 2nd shift if needed
Flexible to start right away as a contractor and convert to permanent role as needed

Experience in precision measurement equipment and techniques/calibration of:

Verniers, micrometers, calipers, bore gages, feeler, snap, tap and thread gages; Height and TIR gages; CMM’s (i.e. Mitutoyo, Giddings & Lewis, Sharpe, Zeiss); Test fixtures and vices; Helmholtz coils, thermocouples, field mappers, gauss and flux meters, power supplies, probe stations and axial/transverse/gamma probes; Excel Micro-Vu w/In-Spec measuring software; Avant Optical Gaging System w/Measuremind NT Plus software, Instron Tensilometer; GTI Minimaster w/ColorQuest Apparatus inc. color chips; Resin testing, Hi-Pot testing, Hardness testing, Break testing, Stress-testing, Water Spray testing, Torque testing, Fuel/Gas Leak Pressure testing, Fuel Burner testing, Air Flow testing, burst test, water leak test, color test; Experience in installing, training operators and manipulating software for electronic gaging systems i.e.. DataMyte; Tool-Maker’s microscopes and microscopes; Magnifying systems inc. magnifying glasses and eye loops; Comparators, Shadow Graphs and templates; Gage Blocks, Jo Blocks, and pin gages; Mooney, Rheometer and gravity testing; Oven-cure testing, roundness and surface profile testing. Knowledge in Synergy, Connexus, Coviscint, SAP, XRM, Epicor and AS400. Auditing experience with BSI, NSF and Perry Johnson registrars.

EMPLOYMENT EXPERIENCE:

GE Aviation
Loves Park, IL - Oct 2018 ~ Jan 2019 (Contractor)
CMM Production Technician – Responsible for 2nd shift manufacturing floor inspection of parts.

Richardson Electronics (global distributor/engineered solution provider focused on the display system and electron device markets)
LaFox IL. Oct 2017 ~ May 2018 (Contractor)
CMM Operator/Quality Technician – Report to Quality Manager. Hired to eliminate backlog of mechanical and electrical piece parts and subassemblies incoming inspection;
Performed detailed mechanical measurements on formed sheet metal and machined components. Recorded measurement results, maintained test and inspection records; Operated the Coordinate Measuring Machine; Assisted in development and documentation of new inspection methods; Assisted in verifying corrective actions taken by suppliers; Maintained all documentation/records to ISO standards.

Molex (aerospace, commercial, industrial electronic manufacturing)
Lisle IL. Aug 2016 ~ Nov 2016 (Contractor)
First Article Inspector/Technician – Hired to pick-up backlog from 1st Article Inspection samples
submitted by engineering product development team. This included inspection of parts including but not limited to switch leads, pc boards, connectors, adapters, modules, jumpers, harnesses and I/O assemblies. Also, played catch-up on outdated calibration system. Reported to Quality Team Lead.

Dexter Magnetics (aerospace, commercial, industrial magnetic fabrication)
Elk Grove Village IL. Jan 2015 ~ Aug 2016 (Contractor)
Calibration Technician – Manage company calibration system of 1200 gages and backlog.
Initiate charting process to control specific counts of gages and stats for ISO requirement. Includes all but not limited to precision measurement equipment from electronic meters (Force, gauss, flux) to calipers. micrometers, torque and CMM applications. Prepare Gage R&R and capability reports and monthly charts and graphs for management meetings. Report directly to Quality Director.

Revcor Inc. (commercial/industrial fans fabrications)
Old Carpentersville, IL. May 2014 ~ Jan 2015 (Contractor)
Quality Inspector/Technician – Hired to oversee 2nd shift production.
Audited two separate assembly lines: One for fans and the other for wheels/blowers. Entered MRB cases into IFS system, performed Receiving Inspection measurement tasks entering findings in same. Worked directly with two Line Leads and 20 operators. Reported to Quality Manager.

Schmid Tooling (Remington/Colt guns manufacturer)
Villa Park, IL. Feb 2014 ~ Apr 2014 (Contractor)
Quality Inspector/Technician – On floor in-process inspection of machine site production. I.S.I.R.
measurement operation of CMM and also, in-process checks. Reported to Quality Manager.

Weber-Stephens (commercial cooking grills and accessories)
Palatine, IL. Nov 2013 ~ Feb. 2014 (Contractor)
Dealer/Customer Service Lab Technician – Inspected returned goods from dealers and /or customers.
Performed capability tasks through demonstrated physical testing including but not limited to gas flow and leak test. Evaluated the disposition of findings in company LAN. Reported to Quality Manager.

Novation Industries (plastics injection molding)
McHenry, IL. June 2012 ~ Nov. 2013 (Contractor)
Quality Inspector/Technician – Ran Quality Dept. 2nd shift. Quarterly mold changes numbered 8-900 set-ups on 34 presses ranging from 35-75ton. 2nd shift performed more start-ups than 1st and 3rd shifts put together on any given day. This included 4th decimal place inspection of high production and short production runs on single to 48 cavity tooling. Worked with production tech and line leads. Oversaw 20 operators. Reported to Quality Manager.

North Star Stamping and Tool (metal stampings)
Lake in the Hills, IL. Nov. 2011 ~ June 2012(Contractor)
Quality Specialist/Manager – Ran Quality Dept. Performed start-up and in-process inspection. Created company paperwork conducive to Quality department. Worked with production set-up and oversaw 5 operators. Reported directly to the Owner.

Micro Sun Technologies (battery packs and assemblies)
Lisle, IL. Jan 2009 ~ Nov. 2011
Quality Technician – Hired to pilot 2nd shift production.
Responsible for auditing production lines in-house and received goods through measurement and inspection techniques. Used typical quality department measurement gages and instruments. Worked in liaison with night shift Production Lead overseeing 20 operators. Reported to the Quality Manager.

Performance Metal Fabricators (stamped, fabricated and formed metal parts)
Hanover Park, IL Dec 2008 ~ Jan 2009 (Contractor)
Quality Technician - Responsible for measurement and inspection of all in-house and received goods. Used typical quality department measurement gages and instruments including CMM and manual inspection parts table. Worked in liaison with night shift Production Manager. Reported to the Quality Manager.

Flextronics Industries (desktop pc, server, notebook pc, storage device and video game console units)
Elk Grove Village Sep 2007 ~ Dec 2008 (Contractor)
Quality Assurance Technician - Used all measuring inspection techniques including plating, testing and visual detection for nonconformance. Able to inspect computer cabinet chassis and sub-assemblies using electric hand tools, screwdrivers and typical inspection measuring instruments. Computer aptitude; understanding and applicability of Receiving goods inspection and Documentation Control and responsibility for training Production and Quality Dept. employees to improve production line process. Interacted with Engineering, Warehouse, Sales personnel and direct Customer contact. Reported to Quality Manager.

IMI Cornelius, Inc. (drink dispensing machines for commercial retailers)
Glendale Heights, IL Aug 2007 ~ Sep 2007 (Contractor)
Quality Assurance Technician/Inspector - Measuring capability of all inspection tools including micrometer, caliper and height gage checks and hardness tester; CMM aptitude, and Prototype and 1st Article inspection including layout knowledge. Reported to Quality Manager.

Other Permanent long Term positions held:

SKF Industries, Inc. [Chicago Rawhide] /CMM Operator/Rubber
Lab Technician (seals and bearings);

NTN Inc. /Quality Inspector (bearings and wheel hubs);

Capsonic Group Inc. /Quality Technician (custom plastic molding);

Elgin Sweeper Co. /SPC Data Coordinator (industrial street sweepers).

Beacon Fasteners and Components /Quality Assurance Product Specialist (high-low, thread cutting and
stainless 48-2 thread screws and components).

Intec Group /ISO-PPap Coordinator (insert molding).

TRAINING & ACHIEVEMENTS
Northern Illinois University
Basic and Advanced Blueprint Reading
Geometric Dimensioning & Tolerancing

Miscellaneous
American Society of Quality – Advanced Statistical Quality Control Class III
American Society of Quality – Certified Engineering Program
American Society of Quality – Intro to SPC – certificate of completion
Allen Bradley DataMyte Training 953, 3053 Collector
CMM Measurement Concepts Course/OF13 Plus Level 1 – certificate of achievement
SPC Basic Introduction – certificate of Achievement

Contact this candidate
