
Angel L. Serrano
**** ******* *** ******** ** ***10
571-***-**** (Cell)
Email: adadao@r.postjobfree.com

Summary of Qualifications:
Over 20 years experience in all aspects of business administration and business development utilizing the following skills: leadership, oral and written communication, customer service, and office management. Established and founded two successful businesses using leadership and organizational skills. Other areas of expertise include: ministry, management, public speaking, ability to work independently or in a team environment, development and distribution of company newsletters, and conference and seminar logistics. Fluent in both English and Spanish.

Work Experience:

June 2015 to Present
The Fathers Heart
Position Title: Senior Pastor
Qualifications and Responsibilities:

The Senior Pastor exemplifies good character, is compassionate in recognizing and meeting the needs of others, and demonstrates a high level of overall competence.
Responsible for training and teaching the church as mandated.
Establish, train, and oversee volunteer teams.
Lead and serve in accordance with the expectations of position.
Minister to the church members, and community as needed.
Proclaim the gospel message, teach the biblical revelation, engage in pastoral care ministries, and provide oversight of all areas of church life and the ministerial staff.
Lead the church in understanding, embracing, and accomplishing its mission to make disciples both locally and globally through The Father’s Heart (TFH) vision of engaging Christ followers in worship, community, and ministry.
Primary roles are: Elder/Overseer; Preacher/Teacher; and Equipper. As Equipper, responsible to empower and equip maturing members for significant service and ministry by discovering, developing, and deploying their spiritual gifts.
Develop and participate in the planning of worship services and events; ensure staff and lay leaders successfully coordinate those services and events.
Oversee and lead outreach and pastoral care efforts, including: biblical counseling, performing weddings, and conducting funeral services.
Manage staff development and ensure they have the resources necessary to fulfill their duties and responsibilities.
Collaborate with the associational, state, and denominational leaders in matters of mutual interest and concern. Support the work of Southern Baptist missions and the program.

Feb 2012 to June 2015
Youth for Tomorrow (YFT)
(Joe Gibbs Residential Home)
Position Title: Campus Pastor
Qualifications and Responsibilities:

Minister, and campus ministry, to YFT staff and members.
Provided outreach, and developed relationships, to/with families, teens, and children in YFT, local, and surrounding communities.
Managed ministry budget.
Responsible for ministries of: weekly chapel, Sunday morning worship celebration, Bible studies, special outside Christian events, on campus youth retreats, etc.
Provided biblical focused counsel in campus crisis.

Feb 2006 to Feb 2012
MBM Life Center
Position Title: Outreach Pastor
Qualifications and Responsibilities:

Outreach Pastor for the MBM Life Center outreach to the Coverstone IV Apartments in Manassas, Virginia.
Responsible for reaching teens and their families in difficult, destructive and life threatening situations.
Provided a safe, healthy, and compassionate environment for at-risk youth and their families.
Brought healing to those who had been abandoned, abused, or otherwise alienated from family and community.
Worked with teens and families to provide the opportunity and motivation to focus their lives and develop their confidence, skills, intellectual ability, moral integrity and personal relationship with Jesus Christ and become responsible and productive members of society.

June 2004 –February 2006
Youth For Christ
Position Title: City Life Director
City Life is a program, which targets at risk teens in their neighborhoods and small communities. It helps young people develop attitudes, behaviors, and patterns that allow them to function more constructively in society.
Qualifications and Responsibilities:

Prepared and delivered messages for weekly worship service.
Taught basic life skills.
Hired and mentored all staff and volunteer positions, including adult and junior youth staff.
Planned and organized logistics for all outreach events.
Guest speaker at local churches to raise awareness of the program and to encourage support.
Managed and maintained all local church and community business contacts.
Audited and provided budget control for all financial support.
Planted, staffed, and established new outreach groups in surrounding cities.
Planned and delivered Discipleship bible study, twice weekly.
Responsible for all program marketing and networking.

November 1996 – June 2004
The Father’s Heart Youth Outreach
Position Title: Director/”Pastor”
The Father’s Heart was a Christian ministry serving at-risk teen communities in Massachusetts and Virginia. The program served approximately 3,000 teens over the course of 8 years, averaging between 300 and 400 at any one time. The purpose of the ministry was to provide ongoing spiritual training, fellowship, and practical life skills to these teenagers in order to equip them for productive service in the community. Duties were similar to those of Youth For Christ City Life Director. Additionally, provided administrative monitoring of apprenticeship and GED courses.

January 1994 – December 1996
Real Estate Investment Co.
Position Title: Owner/President
Established this real estate investment company with the focus of securing and selling distressed properties (foreclosures, etc.).
In accordance with this, duties included:

Educated buyers via home seminars from start to finish regarding the process of purchasing a home.
Disclosed information regarding government financing options for the purchasers.
Located properties and completed purchase transactions on them.
Developed a standardized electronic and computer contract filing system for sales staff.
Developed projects, schedules, and agendas for customer service and sales team.
Created a progressive new lead generation and follow-up system.

January 1993- January 1994
National City Mortgage
January 1991-January 1993
Bristol Mortgage Co.
Position Title: Mortgage Originator
Responsibilities included:
Marketed loans and products offered to buyers and provided a selection of loan programs.
Educated buyers via home seminars from start to finish regarding the process of purchasing a home.
Pre-qualified people for loans by checking credit history, verifying income to debt ratio, and verifying employment and rental history.
Connected possible buyers with realtors.
Ensured all documentation was completed.

January 1989 – January 1991
Ebtech
Position Title: CNC Laser Technician

January 1987-January 1989
Hemco Tool and Die
Position Title: CNC Machinist

Education:
Training Courses
Inner City Ministry 2001
Church Planting 2001
Prayer Minister Course 2000
Various Discipleship Training Courses 1990-2000
Group Development for Youth Ministry 1998
Various Leadership Training Classes 1996-2002
Evangelism Training targeted toward youths 1994-2000
Marriage Conferences – how to counsel couples to help them have joyful biblical marriages
1998-2000
101 Ways to Protect Your Children against Child Abuse 1994
Degrees
2011 Licensed Minister in the State of Virginia
1980 High School Diploma, Westfield High School, Westfield, MA

Contact this candidate
