
ALEXANDER KORZHUKOV

**** ****** **, *** *** adad0i@r.postjobfree.com
Dallas, TX 75243 469-***-**** (cell)

QUALIFICATION HIGHLIGHTS

Strong analysis and technical background with extensive troubleshooting experience, ability to manage multiple projects.
Strong ability to produce results independently or within a team environment while utilizing a proactive approach.
Strong analytical and problem solving skills with attention to detail and ability to handle simultaneous priorities.

BUSINESS EXPERIENCE

WestRock Services LLC (Multi Packaging Solutions)
Maintenance Technician: December 2017- Present
My duties as an equipment maintenance technician included maintenance, repair, replacement and testing of electrical equipment and instrumentation in operational departments, including electric motors, starters, relays, electrical switches, photo sensors, generators, pneumatic controllers, communication equipment, valves, air regulators, compressors, sensors, water pumps and hydraulic systems.
At this enterprise I serviced the following equipment: Komori offset Press, Bobst die cutters, Folder gluer
(Brausse, Bobst Alpina, Signature), HHS Baumer, Nordson glue unit, 3M tape machine, Scanner 300 HHS.

Peerless MFG. Co. – Denton, TX
Sr. Mechanic: April 2014 – May 2017
As a Sr. Mechanic I am responsible for repair of electrical equipment and repair and replacement of parts for welding positioner, shears, band sow, drill press, puncher, welding machine, spot welding, cranes, plasma cutters and press folding.
Responsible for locating source of problems by observing mechanical devices in operation.
Responsible for examining used/non- working parts to determine if they can be repaired or should be replaced.
Responsible for installation of transformer that is used for electrical conversions.
Responsible for establishing new electrical lines, disconnects and receptacle plugs.
Responsible for ordering necessary supply and parts as needed.

Commercial Metals Company (CMC) – Dallas, TX
Sr. Mechanic: October 2012 – March 2013
Responsible for maintenance, repair and replacement of parts for hydraulic Balers, hydraulic mobile Shears, mobile Crane, CAT Orange peel grapples, Forklifts and Trucks.
Responsible for repair and maintenance of gas and diesel engines, gearboxes, hydraulic high pressure pumps, and repair of hydraulic hoses, cylinder repair and replacement.
Responsible for locating source of problems by observing mechanical devices in operation.
Responsible for ordering necessary supply and parts as needed.
Responsible for examining used/non- working parts to determine if they can be repaired or should be replaced.

Presto Products– Carrollton, TX
Mechanic: June 2002 – October 2011
As a Mechanic I was responsible for maintenance, repair, replacement and test of the electrical and instrumentation equipment in the operating departments including: electrical heaters, thermocouples, motors, starters, relays, electrical switches, photo sensors, generators, pneumatic controllers, communication equipment, valves, regulators air compressors, sensors, water pumps and hydraulics systems.
Ensured operation of machinery and mechanical equipment by completing maintenance.
Responsible for locating source of problems by observing mechanical devices in operation by listening for problems, using precision measuring and testing instruments.
Performed troubleshooting, installed and repaired electrical apparatus, such as transformers.
Responsible for removing defective parts by dismantling devices, using hoists, cranes, hand and power tools.
Responsible for examining used parts to determine changes in dimensional requirements by using rules, calipers, micrometers, and other measuring instruments.
Provided related technical guidance and expertise. Assisting and coaching Maintenance, Operations and QA associates on an ongoing basis.
Performed full rebuilt of equipment and automatic lines.
Responsible for ordering necessary supply and parts as needed.

Emory Booty Co. – Dallas, TX
Sr. Technician: May 1992 – June 2002
I was responsible for locating source of issue as well as providing estimated timeline and cost.
Responsible for maintenance, repair, replacement and test of the electrical, electronic systems and serviced electronic scale systems.
Responsible for maintenance, repair, replacement and test of the fax and copy machines.
Responsible for examining non-working parts to determine if they can be fixed or they should be replaced.
Responsible for set up, testing and troubleshooting of the network communication between computers and copy machines.
Provide related technical guidance and expertise to my teammates on an ongoing basis.
Responsible for ordering necessary supply and parts as needed.

EDUCATION

1981-1982 Klaipeda Maritime Academy - Klaipeda, Russia
Completed able-bodied seaman’s course; electrician’s certificate.

1976-1978 Kubishev University of Communications - Kubishev, Russia
Bachelor degree in Telecommunications/ Electronics (Engineer with Honors)

LANGUAGES English, Russian

Contact this candidate
