
John Williams
Waukegan, IL
adadu3@r.postjobfree.com
615-***-****
I am seeking a company where I can use my experience and education for a company to meet and achieve its goals.
Manufacturing and production professional skilled in leading high-producing teams and using lean manufacturing to reduce costs and increase process efficiency Dedicated leader with demonstrated ability to train, manage and motivate team members to achieve organizational objectives.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience
Sanitation Manager
Little Lady Foods
Create and distribute work schedules to sanitation workers and ensure that they follow their daily orders properly
Make facilities ready for food manufacturing processes by ensuring that pre-operational inspections are performed in a timely manner
Coordinate and verify cleaning responsibilities and ensure that any defaulting processes are stopped and reviewed
Perform inspections and implement corrective actions to ensure compliance with regulation authorities and company protocols
Complete comprehensive evaluation of sanitation processes and practices and provide feedback for improvements or modifications
Train sanitation workers on an ongoing basis and document all training processes and procedures properly
Acquire the services of contracted sanitation personnel and coordinate their activities in sync with in- house workers
Monitor the mixing and use of chemicals to prevent misuse and hazards to personnel and property Assist with ensuring successful implementation of corrective actions from facility microbiological concerns, GMP and pest control audits
Assist with reviews and updates to equipment cleaning procedure Coordinates all cleaning and vermin control procedures, ensures that the facility is in compliance with the company, local, state and federal food sanitation standards Supervises sanitation team to ensure that the highest quality cleaning and set up is achieve in a most efficient manner within the time frame allowed Assist with sanitation document preparation during plant audits
Follow all GMP and good housekeeping practices, proper use of protective equipment, safety glasses, hearing protection
Coordinate the Sanitation team to ensure compliance with the company's Sanitation Standard Operating Procedures (SSOP) and environmental monitoring program, through daily monitoring, verification and validation of such activities.
Daily ensure established equipment/areas are cleaned according to established master sanitation cleaning schedule and cleaning procedures
Conduct ATP equipment swabs as scheduled to ensure equipment contact surfaces are cleaned properly
Coordinate and ensure scheduled environmental swabs are taken as established in Environmental Monitoring Program and submitted to QA for analysis Verify sanitation records are completed accurately and filed accordingly Sanitation Supervisor
Rich Products Corporation - Murfreesboro, TN
September 2017 to June 2018
Coordinate and preparing the plant to be audit ready everyday. Conduct inspections (GMP,FOOD SAFETY), and validation verification using scientific methods. Effective in being a leader and mentor for team. Consults with management and production personnel on sanitation problems, and recommends changes in equipment, plant layout, lighting, or work practices to improve sanitation standard and purity of product. creating and adjusting schedules for employees to prepare the plant to be audit ready every day.assuring cleaning procedures are maintained and updated and conducting plant wide and departmental mandated training. Knowledge of business and management principles involved in strategic planning, resource allocation, leadership technique, and coordination of people and resources.
Production Supervisor
Rich Products Corporation - Murfreesboro, TN
March 2017 to September 2017
Supervise the daily production schedule execution. Promotes Continuous Improvement Process throughout the facility.Resolves any employee issues through grievance process.Train asssociates on Safety and Safety Awareness, along with providing a safe clean environment that promotes health, quality and productivity.Supervise employees in the daily production operation, including training, planning, assigning and directing work, evaluating employees performance, rewarding and hold employees accountable when not in compliance, resolving conflicts. Sanitation Manager
Harry's Fresh Foods - Nashville, TN
August 2016 to March 2017
Having direct responsibility in ensuring that all sanitation activities are performed with the highest standards of food safety and quality processes. Strong leadership skills with proven results in developing new employees to the compliance with all company, State, and Federal legal requirements.Ability to plan and coordinate manpower to be effective and efficient. Demonstrated ability to function successfully in a fast paced, changing environment. Utility Operator/Lead
Pinnacle Foods
June 2010 to January 2015
Responsible for the handling and transferring of all the pasteurized milk, eggs, and oil in the Jackson Plant,
Take inventories of all liquid ingredients at the beginning and end of shift to ensure SQF, food safety and Quality Assurance within the facility.
Responsible for Sanitation and cleaning of all equipment in the dairy room Responsible for GMP's, which include use of high pressure hot water/ chemical cleaning equipment and General housekeeping duties.
Improved efficiency and productivity by eliminating waste and production constraints through continuous improvements.
Packing Operator/Lead
Pinnacle Foods - Jackson, TN
August 2008 to June 2010
Responsible for assembling, starting, checking, trouble shooting and maintaining all package equipment.
Proper operation from production freezer discharge to freezer warehouse. Implemented root cause and corrective actions to remove production constraints and improve product quality.
Sanitation Technician
Pinnacle Foods
October 2006 to August 2008
Responsible for SQF, food safety and Quality Assurance by keeping total cleanliness and maintaining good.
Housekeeping of all freezers at all times.
Organized, prioritized and managed plant maintenance projects to keep facility safe,efficient and clean by using 5's methods.
Production Specialist
Pinnacle Foods - Jackson, TN
June 2006 to October 2006
Responsible for ensuring SQF, for food safety and Quality Assurance by proper various frozen foods.
Responsible for inspecting the product before it is packed for shipment and maintaining of good housekeeping practice at all times.
Education
MBA in Project Management
Argosy University-Phoenix Online Division - Baltimore, MD March 2019
Certification in FARRP (ALLERGEN MANAGEMENT)
University of Nebraska-Lincoln - Lincoln, NE
March 2018 to March 2018
Bachelor of Science in Business
Lane College Jackson - Jackson, TN
2012 to 2015
Skills
CPR Certification, Food Manufacturing, Haccp, Lean, Food Production, Clean Additional Information
Skills
Continuous improvement
Food safety
GMP
ISO 9000
Microsoft Office, Outlook, PowerPoint, Publisher, Microsoft Windows Organizational Skills
Problem Solving Skills
Quality Assurance
Trouble shooting
Lean Six Sigma

Contact this candidate
