
AIRA INGAR
adadpk@r.postjobfree.com
1-661-***-****
Bellflower, California
OBJECTIVE
To obtain a full time position that offers a professional working environment that will enable my knowledge to grow while helping the company’s goals.
EXPERIENCE
Quality Assurance Engineer
Sanyo Denki Philippines Inc. May 2016 – November 2016
Sanyo Denki Philippines Inc. manufacture cooling fans, servo stepping motors and UPS. We use highly efficient automated production lines such as SMT (Surface Mount Technology) lines.
Duties and Responsibilities:
Checking of specification of products before it is ship to customers.
Trouble shooting / Checking of the product for defect.
Analyzing defect of the product given by the customer.
Making SOP for new instruction on the line.
Production Lead Engineer
Philippine Manufacturing Co. Murata, Inc. April 2015 – November 2015
Murata is a global leader in design, manufacture and supply of advanced electronic capacitor, leading edge electronic components and multi-functional, high density modules. Its innovations can be found in wide range of applications from mobile phone to home appliances, and automotive applications to energy management system and healthcare devices.
Duties and Responsibilities:
Handles the production output.
Controls and studies manpower productivity, machine efficiency and checks for any abnormal conditions.
Performs other relevant tasks assigned from time to time by immediate superior.
Gives specific instruction to employee / operator.

Mass Production Quality Assurance / Process Engineer
IM Digital Philippines, Inc. May 2013 – April 2015
IM Digital Philippines Inc. is duly registered Ecozone Enterprise facility which specializes in providing products and services ranging from High Precision Optical Solution (OPU) and Smart Mobile Solutions (VCM).
Duties and Responsibilities:
Performs Short and Long term activities to reduce Defect ate.
Performs Design of Experiment and Defect Analysis for process improvement and countermeasure.
Formulates Working Instructions, Process Flowchart and SOP
Conduct Root Cause Analysis as part of investigation process
Generates Technical Report regarding line issues.
Prepares Change Point in case of process change.
Issues CAPA regarding line/manufacturing problems.

EDUCATION
COLLEGE:
Bachelor of Science in Electronics Engineering
Adamson University – Philippines (Batch 2011)
HIGH SCHOOL:
Saint Joseph High School – Olongapo City, Philippines
ACHIEVEMENTS AND TRAININGS
2013 – Seven Quality Control Tools Training
2013 – Environment, Health and Safety Training
2012 – Board Passer PRC License No. 0051813 (Electronics Engineering License)
2010 – Microelectronics Training
2010 – Micro controller Training Workshop using Zilog Z8 Encore Development Kit
SKILLS
Strong PC Skills (MS Word, Excel, Powerpoint)
Attention to detail and problem solving skills
Determine root cause and provide actionable resolutions to improve existing manufacturing processes
Can use Seven (7) QC Tools
Can collect data, provide analytical support needed to analyze a problem, situation or issue, and provide guidance on next steps to achieve resolution of the issues.
Experience on a Cleanroom Environment.

Contact this candidate
