
Andrew A Konneh, Bsc.

*** ******** *** ** *** *, Washington, DC 20011. 202-***-****
adadzm@r.postjobfree.com /adadzm@r.postjobfree.com
skype:Andrew A Konneh
Linkedin: Andrew Konneh

An experienced IT professional with database & Systems administration skills. Having the ability to take the technical lead in projects and supporting technical implementation whilst working on multiple products. A committed team player, self-motivated with the ability to communicate at all levels. Highly focused with a comprehensive understanding of dealing with first line support calls and in depth knowledge of ICT processes. The key strengths that I possess include:
Good knowledge of work with server 2008 managing Active Directory.
I provided exceptional contribution to final year students who were developing there project using Statistical Package for Social Scientist (SPSS) meaning I have knowledge in SPSS.
With knowledge in computer programming, Networking, Database Designed and management, Installation and configuration of PC’s and answer all computer solution.
Good troubleshooting knowledge of Computer, printer scanner etc…
I have full understanding in project management, Database Development, Basic Networking, programming knowledge in Visual Basic, C++, Java and other computer related subject.
KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES
Able to effectively communicate technical data in to non-technical colleagues
Ability to multi task & priorities under ever changing & challenging workloads.
Good knowledge of Microsoft Office software.
Qualified IT Technician with variety of software, hardware, and networking Knowledge.
Exceptional teamwork and leadership skills.
Set up Computers and configure software and all the versions of Microsoft Windows with some knowledge in working with Mac ios.
Troubleshoot software, hardware and network problems.
Assisting users in person and remotely with hardware and software related issues.
Good knowledge of Microsoft Office software i.e. MS Word, Excel Power Point etc.
Manage all operating system stating from Windows XP to windows 10
Support for PC / Windows Servers / Printer / Phone systems.
Working in a team-oriented environment.
Critical and creative thinker; with an ability to learn new things and adapt and thrive in unfamiliar working environment.
Adventist HealthCare White Oak Medical Center. May 2019 - Now

Dietary Assistant part time
Prepared dietary information for use by kitchen personnel in preparation of foods for hospital patients.
Marked tally on master menu to inform kitchen personnel of food requirements.
Processed new diets and changes as required.
Inspected meals served for conformance to prescribed diets and for standards of palatability and appearance.
Assessed patients physical, medical and psychological needs and devised patient care plans accordingly
Rotated and replenished inventory for premium freshness of all meals
Inspected kitchen and utensils to ensure the met sanitation standards for patient safety
Prepare patient snacks, set patient trays, serve staff meals
Assist in preparation and service of beverages, vegetables, salads and desserts as assigned
Ability to follow orders and properly perform assigned tasks
Assure the maintenance of a safe and sanitary environment while displaying professionalism at all times
Stock ingredients and monitor inventory
Dulles International Airport (AMB) March 2019 –May 2019

Baggage handler part time

Scan all baggage before loading and picking up
Transferred luggage from check-in areas to departure gates.
Handled luggage to and from aircraft.
Supervised loading inbound luggage onto conveyors.
Airport Baggage Handler Airport Terminal Services,
Sorted loads into groups and handled damaged items.
Monitored suspicious baggage and reported immediately.
Adhered to TSA and FAA regulations, resulting in superior safety of passengers and personnel.
Ensured consistently correct scanning and processing of bags onto the flights.
Expert-level multitasking to maintain schedule integrity of a flight.

Government of Sierra Leone (Ministry of Justice and Attorney-General)
Desktop Support Analyst/ICT Officer.
Jan. 2013 – Jan. 2019
Responsibilities
Responsible for maintaining the computer networks of Ministry of Justice and Attorney-General.
I strong knowledge in troubleshooting windows operating system from windows 10 to XP. Both hardware and application related including MS Office package.
As the ICT officer of Law Officers Department (LOD), I was the system administrator of a system running server 2012 r2, I manage the domain control roll and services, add and mange user of the Active Directory server.
Manage the shared point server running SQL server 2012, manage user ticking system.
Manage the LOD case management system in which all legal issues of the Government of Sierra Leone starting from Government contract, Legal opinions, Prosecution etc.
Using HTML to manage the Ministry’s website www.lawofficers.gov.sl
Response to system users requests electronically on IP phones or in person.
Providing technical support and ensuring the whole Ministry’s ICT systems runs smoothly.
I was responsible for Installing and configuring computer hardware, software, systems, networks, printers and scanners.
Respond in a timely manner to client requests
Setting up accounts for new users
Repairing and replacing equipment as and when necessary,
Testing new technology and possibly training more junior staff members.
Manages the Ministry CCTV system and biometric attendance system
Implemented improved assessment and analytical techniques for further achievement of identified departmental goals.
Discovered innovative solutions to common and exceptional problems identified on help tickets assigned by team supervisor and/or departmental manager.

FOCUS 1000 Sierra Leone
Data Entry/Data Analyst (Contracted)
Jan. 2014– Nov. 2017.
Responsibilities
Compiled, sorted and verified the accuracy of data before it entered.
Maintained logs of activities of completed work.
Compared data with source documents, or re-entered data in verification format to detect errors.
Stored completed documents in appropriate locations.
Analysis all KAP and more studies conducted by Focus 1000 (http://www.focus1000.org/ )
Develop of all quantitative studies or survey instrument into electronic.
Train enumerators,
Located and corrected data entry errors, or reported them to supervisors.
Development of analytical tools for analyses (SPSS Template).
Analyse data for report writers also manage the focus 1000 surveys web based database.
I was the lead data analyst on the saving Lives project in which the government of Sierra Leone get all its health data from.
Day to day data cleaning, data entry and follow all data management policies.
Train all other data analyst and health workers in the use of digital data collection tools. Provide technical support to all qualitative studies; training, file management and storage.
I was also responsible for the Weekly DDCS analytical report in the SMAC consortium during Ebola.
Goldtree (SL) Ltd.
Desktop/Tech Support/IT Support Officer.
Mar. 2014 – Jun.2014.
Responsibilities
System Administrator.
Dealing with first line support calls.
Operate the company’s Software packages i.e. QuickBooks, Goldtree Database.
I control and manage all ICT related equipment including the way Weigh Bridge.
Manages the Mail server using Outlook.
Solve all ICT related problem such as Installations and configurations of PC, Expansions of network using Routers, switches and LAN.
Do system backup and a lot of other issues. Organize computer Training for all staff.
Took help ticket jobs assigned by IT supervisor and recorded ticket results for reporting and record-keeping.
The Sierra Leone Cable Limited (SALCAB)
Lead field Technician.
Aug 2010- Mar. 2014
Responsibilities
Visited residential and commercial site for installation of broadband service
Rectified and restored clients' broadband service
Replaced wires and cables of the assembly line as needed
Educated customers on the use of broadband service
Collected feedback from customers on service provided
Made phone calls and ensured clients are at homes and offices before visiting
Used signal level meters, volt-OHM meters and spectrum analyzers to test coax cable
Connected peripheral equipment and trained customers on proper use of equipment
Installing, maintaining, repairing, and testing high speed internet, networking, and VDSL for residential and business clients
Installing and repairing networking products using computer operating systems
Analyzing and troubleshooting technical problems
Checking total line quality to ensure smooth networking service
Selling broadband service to customers by identifying their needs
Connecting wires and cables to terminals, removing and replacing hardwires as needed
Identifying and working with telecom color-coded wires and cables

Njala University, Freetown, Sierra Leone Oct. 2010 – Jun. 2013
B.Sc. (Hon) Computer Science and Information Technology.
Njala University, Njala, Freetown Sierra Leone Oct. 2007 – Jun. 2010
Higher Diploma in Data Processing and Information Technology. Training and Technical Proficiencies
Prince of Wales Secondary School Freetown (High School) Sept. 2000 – Jul. 2006
Take the west African Senior Secondary School (High School) Examination Jun. 2006
Certificate in DevInfo User and Administration 2016 – UNICEF by Gary Goldman
Certificate in Core Management 2013 - FJP Development and Management Consultants. 2013
Experience with several data analytic software tools including Dedoose, ODK etc…

Rate of pay (hourly): Negotiable
Relocation: Not now
Preferred method of payment: Employer’s policy
Eligible to work in the United States: Yes
United Nations Volunteer 2007
Volunteer
Help organized weekly debating sessions for high school students on the benefits of volunteerism with the main objective of creating a platform where they can express their views and opinions in a public setting.

Reference
James Conteh
Contact: 614-***-****
Relationship: Core worker

Ibrahim Mohamed Turay
Contact: 703-***-****
adadzm@r.postjobfree.com
Relationship: Core worker

Contact this candidate
