
HEMANTA KUMAR ANJANGI

A ***. Shubhlaxmi Residency. Pratap nagar wagodia road. Vadodara. Gujarat 390025

Contact: +91-951*******; Email: adad7p@r.postjobfree.com. Date of Birth: 14th may, 1983

HEADLINE

Quality Management Professional

SUMMARY

I am a technically competent professional with experience across Total Quality Management, Final Blade Inspection and implementing the 5's Activities and rotor blade paint inspection,Rotor blade repairation and attanding customer complaint I have been instrumental in implementing operational strategies for the quality functions by carrying out quality planning to confirm the organizational requirements. I have expertise in conceptualizing careful & sophisticated quality control measures in compliance to the specified standards while performing root-cause analysis to prevent any reoccurrences & defective issues. I have excellent knowledge of TQM as 1s, 2s, 5s activity and 7QC TOOLS, PDCA, Infusion method & prepreg method of Blade manufacture in wind energy.

In the course of my association with Siemens Gamesa renewable pvt ltd, Halol, Gujarat as En Engineer in Quality Department, I have been actively involved in analyzing the existing processes, evaluating the areas of improvements and accordingly implementing process modifications. I have expertise in designing and implementing systems and procedures to facilitate smooth functioning of overall quality operations and enhancing operational efficiency. I have been playing a key role in establishing short and long-range departmental goals, objectives, policies, and operating procedures.

With sound technical background, I always look forward to adopt and adapt to the new wave of technology for its day-to-day application. I have been consistently exceeding performance benchmarks and steering my way forward towards resolving complex quality problems. I always endeavor to strive for quality and apply process and discipline towards optimizing performance. The main objective is always to provide inspirational leadership to the team on the projects and successfully meet the requirements of the clients utilizing the latest technology, processes and applications.

reward:
Efficiency improvement Reward from Gamesa CMD.
Efficiency Reward from Gamesa Plant Head (GM)
Best Kaizan Award of May 2016
Best Performer Award Q2-2019
CII Certificate of Appreciation (8th Edition of Gujrat State level Kaizen Competition 2019)

Advance Training Course: ASNT NDT Level II UT (ultrasonic technic)

EXPERIENCE-
Current Company Name – Siemens Gamesa renewable pvt ltd, Halol, Gujarat, since Jun 2011

Quality Assurance Engineer-Company Name
Siemens Gamesa. Dates Employe Jan 2012 to till date
LocationVadodara Area, India
Leading New rotor blade manufacturing projects from plant quality side as a CFT team member.
Mainly leading Finishing, Painting, Assembly and Finished blade Inspection activity with the team.
Responsible for new part/material and process development from quality side to support SQA section.
Responsible for in process Prefabricated Parts, Main Mold, Wet and dry finishing, Painting & final inspection of PREPREG and VARIM wind Mill Rotor blades as per company’s inspection criteria manual.
Acting on in process defects and giving repairing procedure for repairable defects by coordination with Blade Technology Department (India/Spain).
Defect analysis for Weekly, Monthly and defect cost calculation for plant quality performance.
Handling QIT and QCC projects and completion on target date.
Giving Quarterly training to inspectors for inspection criteria and skill improvement and effect of defect on blade during operation related to deviations received from wind farm as well.

Quality Inspector
Company Name-Kemrock Industries & Exports Ltd ( Wind Mill Manufacturer)
Dates Employed Nov 2010 to dec 2011
Employment Duration 1 yrs
Location Vadodara Area, Gujarat, India

Checking parameters for new blades and molds like Mold and rotor Blade profile checking by templates, new mold vacuum validation, thermal scanning, Jigs and fixtures validation, tooling and reports making for the same.
Preparing graphical presentation for defect and work on critical NC’s.
Face all IQA and External audits and taking part in closing observation and NC’s.
Conduct QHSE audit on Shop floor for better housekeeping and PPE usage.
Assuring the process to be done as per specifications (as the process in manual).
Looking after Prefabricated Parts, Main Mold, Wet and Dry finishing & final inspection when assurance required from quality side as per customers requirement.

Quality Inspector
Company Name- Enercon india LTD Daman, ( Wind Mill Manufacturer)
Dates Employed Sep 2009 –Nov 2010
Employment Duration14 months

Worked with Rotor Blade manufacturing process
Implemented effective Quality Inspection and Other Checking processes.
Performing testing at different operational stages with the help of instruments like ( DSC, DFT, WFT, Gloss & Roughness)
NCR communication with the design experts for giving rework instruction for defects.
Clearing the in process material in target time by using SAP.
Involved in preparing and updating the QAP for incoming, in process and final Inspection as per revisions in document to maintain the COPQ format on weekly basis of our product.
Contributing in QIP (quality improvement projects) carried out at our plant.
Imparting training and awareness to technician and engineers about Standers repair manuals
Team leader of PFMEA, & resolving customer complaints.

Production tecnicion- SUZLON Energy Limited, Vadodara 1st Aug2002 to12 Sep 2009
Employment Duration 7 yr 1 month
Location Vadodara Gujarat
Blade damage issue root cause investigation
Travelling site to attanding customer complaint re- blade issues.
Validation and approval of Component inspection report related to blades in ASP region.
Training and guidance to service Blade technician.
Projects related to Corrective and Preventive action on the blade failures.
Respond to technical inquiries from service personnel and customer relationship team.
Support operations with tooling, up tower repair and maintenance /inspection expertise.
Understand product technology around blade construction and repair and communication with internal customers and insurance company.
Respond to technical queries from customers and insurance company.
Develop and maintain region specific technical documentation related to blade inspection and repairs.
Documantion and storage
Experienced Assistant Quality Assurance.Skilled in Kaizen, Manufacturing, Quality System, and 5S.

EDUCATION/ CERTIFICATION

Diploma in Electronics and tele communication Engineering from Rajasthan Vidyapith University (BIT) August 2008 to December 2010.
H.S.C 2000 to 2002 with 45.24 %
(Shri. Bharat Pati mahavidyalaya,Samantiapllhi, Orissa)
Passing S.S.C. in March 2000 with 43.71 %
(Board : Orissa Secondary Education Board)
School: Karapada High School, Village. Karapada, Ganjam, Orissa

Hemanta Kumar Anjangi

Contact this candidate
