
Benjamin Donaldson
779-***-****
adadu8@r.postjobfree.com
Summary: Ÿ Work well in a high pressure environment. Ÿ Well-organized and efficient.
Ÿ Skilled with computer systems and software.
Ÿ Self-starting, goal-oriented strategist whose confidence, perseverance and vision promote success.
Ÿ Skilled at encouraging others and developing rapport. Ÿ Self-motivated and assertive.
Ÿ Quickly learn procedures and methods.
Experience: Generac Solutions Whitewater WI
Material Handler 2-2018 to 10-2018
Ÿ Loaded, unloaded and moved materials within or near plant, yard and work site.
Ÿ Loaded and unloaded materials onto or from pallets, trays, racks and shelves by hand.
Ÿ Loaded materials into vehicles and installed strapping, bracing and padding to prevent shifting or damage in transit.
CoStaff/Cummins Solutions Mineral Point
machine operator 4-2017 to 1-2018
Ÿ Positioned containers to receive parts and loaded and unloaded materials in containers, using dollies and handtrucks. Ÿ Operated hoists to place workpieces onto machine feed carriages and spindles.
Ÿ Replaced worn parts and adjusted equipment components, using hand tools.
Staff-On-Site/Pierce distribution Rockford IL
Wearhouse Operator 8-2016 to 4-2017
Ÿ Loaded, unloaded and moved materials within or near plant, yard and work site.
Ÿ Read work orders and followed oral instructions to ascertain materials and containers to be moved.
Ÿ Loaded and unloaded materials onto or from pallets, trays, racks and shelves by hand.
Ÿ Loaded materials into vehicles and installed strapping, bracing and padding to prevent shifting or damage in transit.
Job Smart/Southern Imperial Rockford IL
Wearhouse Operator 3-2014 to 6-2017
Ÿ Loaded, unloaded and moved materials within or near plant, yard and work site.
Ÿ Opened containers, using steel cutters, crowbar, clawhammer and other handtools.
Ÿ Loaded and unloaded materials onto or from pallets, trays, racks and shelves by hand.
Ÿ Loaded materials into vehicles and installed strapping, bracing and padding to prevent shifting or damage in transit.
Education: Aurthur Hill High School Saginaw MI
Diploma 1992
References: Available upon request

Contact this candidate
