
David M. Drake
**** **** ******
Moline Illinois, 61265
Home Phone 309-***-****
E-mail: adadmr@r.postjobfree.com

OBJECTIVE: To find a position in management that can utilize my experience and education.

QUALIFICATIONS: My education experience and wide variety of employment experience gives me a great deal to work with. The production field needs people with great mechanical backgrounds to achieve their potential, especially in today’s global market place.

SKILLS:
Management Summary:
Manage maintenance departments including staff, ordering supplies, and working with general contractors.
Supervise staff, schedule and direct employees including payroll, planning and follow up on performance, reviews and training.
Skills in developing teams and utilizing team strategies.
Supervise staff, promotions, discipline, follow up on projects and schedule.
Maintain inventories of supplies, received pricing and ordered as needed.
Experience with MS Office, Word, Excel, and Power Point.
Skills in communication written and verbal, along with skills in computers and statistics.

Mechanical Summary:
Proficient HVAC technician including chillers, boilers, rooftop units, refrigeration and furnaces residential and commercial. Auto, truck, and combine repair.
Extensive repair and trouble shooting on combine assembly for three years.
Repair and maintain plumbing, electrical, mechanical, carpentry, concrete, windows and doors on different types of buildings.
Skilled operator of fork-lifts, JLG lifts, skyjacks, and other types of machinery.
Write bids for new construction and improvement jobs on structures.
Work with outside contractors to ensure efficient and completed jobs.

EDUCATION:
DeVry University, Tinley Park IL Bachelors of Science in Technical Management 2010
Black Hawk College, Moline IL Associates of Applied Science in Liberal Arts 2003
Scott Community College, Bettendorf, IA Associates of Applied Science in HVACR 2002
Moline High School, Moline, IL High School Diploma

EMPLOYMENT:

Union laborer John Deere Harvester August 2010- September 2016
Assembly of combine parts
Follow union and company training
Assist in creating new ideas and methods
Work independently and efficiently
Be proactive with management
Participate in CIPP and union activities
Union steward for 19 months
Repair and replace parts needed
Maintain safety, quality, and production

Maintenance Director HCR-ManorCare September 2008- June 2010
Create and maintain maintenance log
Maintain HVAC and mechanical systems
Schedule preventive maintenance
Lawn care/snow removal
Safety committee co-chair

Water/sewer maintenance supervisor Village of Cordova, Ill. Seasonal 2008
Supervise staff
Perform daily water/sewer tests
Maintain streets and right of ways
Supervision of lawn care/snow removal
Install water meters
Work with contractors

Maintenance Executive Heart of America Inns and Restaurants June 2006-July 2007
Schedule and perform preventive maintenance on all buildings and equipment.
Diagnose and repair equipment as needed for all properties (5 restaurants, 1 office building, and 1 motel).
Order parts and supplies for equipment, and schedule contractors for any other repairs or improvements.
Supervise staff, schedule, and direct employees. Payroll, planning and follow up on performance, reviews and training.

Building Supervisor KWQC TV6 Broadcasting Station August 2003-June 2006
Schedule and perform preventive maintenance on all buildings (four) and related heating and air conditioning equipment, pneumatics.
Schedule and perform basic maintenance on all company vehicles (16 cars, and 4 vans).
Repair equipment as needed or schedule contractors to perform maintenance or repairs.
Supervise staff, schedule, and direct employees. Planning and follow up on performance, reviews and training.

Pipe Fitter Apprentice Northwest Mechanical May 2002-July 2003
Attend apprentice training classes.
Work hand in hand with journeymen.
Installed/replaced piping material.
Trained in safety and proper installation procedures.
Work independently on assigned projects.

Building Superintendent I Wireless Center June 1995-July 2000
Schedule employee’s maintenance and grounds and oversaw repairs during events.
Write repair orders and supervise staff, and follow up to make sure work is completed.
Trained staff, safety regulations, and performance reviews.
Managed contractors, receive bids and have worked performed to specifications.
Calculated budget for yearly expenses and special projects (capital budget), working with department heads for smooth transitions and repair schedules.
Controlled building metysis (air control) systems, free cooling, and ice rink.
Responsible for exterior and interior building condition, paint, flooring, electrical, plumbing, and mechanical.
Managed special requests for performers and quests.

Auto Mechanic Car Clinic/Jim’s Auto & Diesel Service April 1986-September 1995
Talked with customers about needed repairs and their options for repair.
I was responsible to diagnose, locate parts, create estimate, and perform work.
Preformed repairs on vehicles as necessary, brakes, exhaust, tune-ups, drive axles, transmissions, suspension, engine repair and replacement.

SUMMARY:
My extensive mechanical experience and abilities, combined with my education and experience in supervision have prepared me for a management position in manufacturing and maintenance supervision.

Contact this candidate
