
Keeya Luney
Oxnard, CA adadx5@r.postjobfree.com 805-***-****

Summary
Ability to obtain and utilize all acquired skills to be able to apply these trainings to real time circumstances.
Possess the talent to multi-task and flexible, which gives me the ability to maintain a professional attitude under pressure.
Excellent team-building skills.

Skills
5 Years Customer Service
Microsoft Office
Outbound/Inbound Calls
Call Center
Problem solver
Self-Motivated
55 WPM
Conflict Resolution
Adaptability
Reliable
Communication
Decision Making

Work Experience
National Veterinary Associates (NVA) – Westlake Village, CA
Client Service Representative - November 2018 to August 2019
Provide concise, friendly service through inbound/outbound calls on behalf of multiple veterinary hospitals
• Wellness plan renewal
• Effective communication (written and verbal) with strong closing skills
• Communicate with clients in regards to difficult scenarios
• Educate clients on animal preventive care including vaccines, lab testing, dentistry
• Consistently schedule veterinary appointments using AVImark
• Review and update client, patient, and accounting in software
• Maintain and update knowledge base
• Accurately complete documents each shift
• Work independently in a friendly and supportive environment
• Provide excellent client service and telephone etiquette
• Achieve performance goals
Reason For Leaving: Temporary assignment

Nationwide Appearance Attorneys - Calabasas, CA
Executive Assistant to CEO / Case Manager / Intake Specialist - December 2017 to April 2018
Assisted with Mailing out marketing material, promoting products.
Contacted courthouses to obtain information, entered attorney case results in CRM.
Maintained company email by answering in incoming questions from clients.
Accounts receivable, prepared batch check runs for commission and vendor payments.
Formed 1099s, audit and process expense reports, Match invoices and deals to vendor and commission checks, obtain all signatures for checks and distributed checks accordingly.
Scheduled attorneys appearances, following up with confirmations cancellations and amendments,
Assistant to CEO with daily routines.
Trained the new employees/ supervise them.
Reason For Leaving: Professional Growth and new challenges

SAG-AFTRA Health Plan - Burbank, CA
Participant Service Representative - June 2016 to July 2017
Responds to telephone inquiries regarding plan benefits, medical claim status including correspondence and payment, eligibility, general pension, coordination of benefits, earnings, premium information, and Plan website inquiries.
Documents all calls handled.
Consistently meeting established call quota Creates workflows to the Claims department and other business units Requests applicable correspondence for providers and participants.
Examples include but are not limited to: benefits, eligibility, pre-authorizations, and order of benefits Follows up on outbound calls and open CRM system contacts.
Processes requests for notice of eligibility, check tracers, forms or booklets Emails participants and providers Participates in QA coaching sessions
Participates in training sessions and departmental meetings as required Performs duties assigned by management
Reason For Leaving: Medical

RANSTAD/ McKesson - Thousand Oaks, CA
Patient Service Representative - March 2015 to September 2015
Obtains current patient information from established and new patients.
Accurately enters/updates patient information in scheduling system.
Identifies payer source, and verifies insurance eligibility.
Assists patients with completion of paperwork when necessary.
Reviews Scheduling System for needed updated demographics and consent forms.
Schedules appointments.
Identifies patients by date of birth and name in computer system.
Creates new account if patient not in the system.
Schedules and re-schedules appointments as needed.
Routinely demonstrates superior customer service skills.
Answers telephone in a timely and polite manner, preferably within three rings.
Communicates with customers in a courteous, professional, cooperative and mature manner.
Accurately takes messages and conveys information to recipient.
Transfers call to physicians and nurses when medically indicated. M
Protects/observes patient confidentiality per policies and procedures.
Accurately imports registration documents into patient’s electronic health record.
Reason For Leaving: Contract

ANTHEM BLUE CROSS - Newbury Park, CA
Customer Care Specialist - September 2013 to December 2013
Receive, document and resolve customer inquiries by using established best practices
Build lasting relationships with Anthem Blue Cross' customers
Educate customers, products and services over the telephone
Research patient concerns regarding claim issues and appeals
Facilitate pharmaceutical outcomes
Work with internal client to ensure the member is receiving correct information to achieve the best possible result to their issues.
Reason For Leaving: Attend School

HUMANA RIGHTSOURCE - Glendale, AZ
Customer Care/Pharmacy Tech in Training - November 2011 to April 2013

Pharmacy Technician in Training - January 2013 to April 2013
Licensed as a Pharmacy Tech in Training working in a Pharmacy Benefit Management call center.
Interact with RightSource patients via the telephone and research patient concerns
Facilitate positive service and pharmaceutical outcomes.
Handle various internal calls answering questions and assisting with pharmaceutical overrides

Customer Care Specialist - November 2011 to December 2012
In Pharmacy Benefit Management company, responsible for respond to questions, resolve concerns and provide guidance on transactions, inquiries and complaints from both internal and external customers.
Targeted as an interim Resolution Specialist to assist with the demand of workflow, responsibilities included to be a Subject Matter Expert as well as being empowered to assist internal clients with exceptions and override procedures.
Work various management reports to maintain financial reporting on member's obligations.
Receive, document and resolve customer inquiries by using established best practices
Build lasting relationships with Humana's customers
Educate customers, providers and employers about Humana's products and services both over the telephone and through face-to-face briefings
Took over a position as in the Mandatory Mail Department which is a specialty unit responsible for large corporation members who are required to fill their prescriptions through the mail order process.
Answered inbound calls assisting our members with their prescription needs and educated them on how to complete their orders.
Acting as a SME, empower to assist internal clients with override and answer question to assist with their workflow.
Reason For Leaving: Relocation to California

Education
Psychology, RIO SALADO COLLEGE - Phoenix, AZ 2018 to Present
Psychology, MESA COMMUNITY COLLEGE - Mesa, AZ 2009 to August 2012

Contact this candidate
