
To work in an organization where I use my skills and knowledge to deliver value add results as well as further enhance my learning and develop my career in the field. Profile Summary
Diploma in Instrumentation and Control Engineering with 1 Year of Apprenticeship in Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation LTD and 1 Year of working experience as Technician in Singal Plastic PVT. LTD. Technical Skills
Course On Computer Concept (CCC).
Financial Accounting& Tally Erp 9.0, Busy.
Introduction to GUI Based Operating System, Elements of Word Processing.
Introduction to Internet, WWW and web browser, Communication and Collaboration.
Operating System Windows XP,7,8,10.
Application of presentations, Application of Digital Financial Services. Work Experience
Single Plastic Pvt. New Delhi (August 2014 to September 2015)
Projects (Production Of PVC)
• First Step : Check All Machine Properly Work and Power Supply in Circulate Properly. Tool Used : Grinder, Heater, Mixture Etc. .
Role : Technician Supervisor (Team Work).
Description : First Step Check All Instrument is Properly Work that manage all the activities. Training
Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation.
(UPPCL) (1 June 2017 to May 2018)
Projects (Operation of All Feeder)
• First Step : Check All Feeder Properly Work and Power Supply in Circulate Properly. Tool Used : Transformer, Feeder and More Instrument. Role : Operation of all 33/11KV Feeder.
Description : Check All Feeder Properly Work that manage all the activities. Career Objective
SUNIL KUMAR
Mob : +918*********
E-Mail : gondkumarsunilgmail.com
ADD : WZ-810, ADILBAG, PALAM VILLAGE, NEW DELHI-110077 Education Qualification
Examination Session Discipline School/college Board/University Percentage/Grade I & C 2014 Regular Govt. Polytechnic
Kanpur, Kanpur
Board of Technical
Education Uttar Pradesh
70%
VARUNMITRA
(Solar Water
pumping energy).
2019 Regular University Of
Lucknow,
Lucknow.
National Institute of
Solar Energy,
Gurugram, Haryana.
A++
Strength
Being a Quick learner, can work in rapidly changing environments.
Can work as part of a team or independently with equal ease and sincerity. Personal Details
Father’s Name : Mr. Vijay Kumar
Mother’s Name : Mrs. Indrawati Devi
Date of Birth : 01 Jan 1992
Nationality : Indian
Language : Hindi, English
Permanent Address : Sohagupur Fatehpur Mohibpur Ambedkar Nagar U.P., India – 224149. Declaration
I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars. Place: Delhi Sunil Kumar

Contact this candidate
