
**** *** **.
Los Angeles Ca *****
323-***-****
adaetw@r.postjobfree.com

Elias Everett Leyva

Objective
Looking forward to a job in the mechanical industry where I can utilize my knowledge and vast skills set in reducing the turnaround repair time of equipment, thereby bringing more revenue and consumer satisfaction.

Experience

2014- Modified Polymer Components/Confluent Medical Sunnyvale CA/Fremont CA Technician
Create high quality molded parts to 005” through a rigors design process that includes 2D and 3D modeling, mold flow analysis (as appropriate), and material selection. Establish and execute experimental protocols and write technical reports. Generate and maintain written standard operating procedures for molding and set-up sheets on molds, machines and equipment. Responsible for overall plant layout and equipment. Explore new molding materials to improve product quality, performance and overall yield. Design and develop new equipment to improve process robustness.
2013-2014 California’s Great America Santa Clara, CA Ride Mechanic Inspect rides, tracks and ride foundations for safety and maintenance needs. Assist with the analysis of part / equipment failures. Maintains and repair ride machinery, track structures, and other metal features of the Park, including sign posts, fences and railings, coaster trains, production equipment, etc. Design, fabricate and install new structure / equipment components and parts for mechanical, hydraulic and pneumatic.
2004–2013 Department Of Defense Civilian Mountain View, CA
Aircraft Pneudraulics Systems Technician
As an Aircraft Pneudraulic Mechanic I plan, schedule, manage and perform aircraft scheduled and unscheduled fuel systems maintenance. This includes installation, inspection, service, removal, modification, rebuild and overhaul of electrical and mechanical components on C-130 and H-60 aircraft. Diagnose malfunctions using Air Force technical, schematics and specifications. Solve unusual maintenance problems with expert system knowledge. Use special test and diagnostic equipment to maintain close dimensions and tolerances. Evaluate, isolate, and remove structure and components to determine appropriate repair methods. Perform operational and leak checks of re-installed components and structure to ensure proper operation. Conduct preventative maintenance inspections and repairs on aircraft as well as maintenance stands and other related support equipment. Perform all duties in accordance with extensive Federal and local safety directives. Ensured all training to trainees of the above tasks and in the proper use of safety equipment, tools and the performance of maintenance under current directives and technical data. Maintain and ensure all current Material Safety Data Sheets (MSDS's) are readily available. Inspect personnel for proper safety practices, personal protective equipment, tool usage and proper clothing requirements in specific work environments.

Elias Everett Leyva

2002–2004 Jefferson Smurfit Stone Montebello, CA
Dye and Press Assistant/Operator
Control production on the press according to the job specifications, by monitoring the press and controlling the speed of the press to obtain the proper balance of production and quality within the abilities of the crew. Assures that all work is performed in a safe and efficient manner. Maintained quality by reviewing the job order to assure that the proper paper, plates, ink, bundle tickets, and customer-supplied material are available. Monitored the quality of production by maintaining proper registration, color, control, correct spine perforation, etc.

2001–2002 Vista Aviation Pacoima, CA
Shipping and Receiving
Pulled and loaded orders for delivery; ensuring specifications, quantity and quality of orders are correct; verifying stock and identifying losses; and maintaining an organized layout and safe work environment. Worked under limited supervision following standardized practices and methods.
1999-2001 Home Depot Glendale, CA
Stocker/Customer Service
Stocked merchandise using various hydraulic forklifts in allocated space matching UPC number on item to shelf label. Identified and removed damaged items, tape label if possible to repair.

1995-1999 United States Air Force Abilene, TX
United States Air force
Perform aircraft fuel systems maintenance on B-1B Bombers and C-130s including installation, inspection, removal, replacement and modification of fuel system components, Diagnose malfunctions and advise on solving unusual maintenance problems, Isolate structural fuel leaks to determine appropriate repair methods, Remove defective sealant from tank structure, apply new sealant and perform leak tests to confirm repairs. Conduct preventative maintenance, inspections and perform repair on test and support equipment, Inspect all personnel for proper clothing, equipment and removal of jewelry and spark producing devices prior to entry into the fuel system repair area, Perform all duties in accordance with extensive Air Force and local safety directives, Document all maintenance in Core Automated Maintenance System, Order and received all parts needed to do task being performed, Ensure shop compliance and conduct Quality Assurance evaluations with all Federal and local respiratory protection guidelines and maintain and update respiratory protection program. Ensure shop compliance and conduct Quality Assurance evaluations on Federal and local safety guidelines and maintain and update safety program, Serve on Hydrazine Response Team, responding to B-1B aircraft emergency power unit activations, hydrazine tank servicing, spill containment, neutralization and clean up,, Maintain and update all shop technical data and schematics

Education
Westwood College Inglewood, CA
-Certificate of completion airframe and power plant maintenance
-3.5 GPA
Pasadena City College Pasadena, CA
-Field of study general

Contact this candidate
