
Wolfgang H. Schaefers
Philippines

Mobile Globe +63-927*-******
E-mail: adaept@r.postjobfree.com
Linkedin: Harald Schaefers
Indeed: Harald Schaefers
Visa status: Resident

German Lingual Instructor

PROFILE & VALUE

Collaborates with the Board of Directors and different stakeholder’s, Analyzing and deliver profitable growth over 30%, customer satisfaction and operational excellence as Senior Manager and instructor.

Strategic thinker, equipped with an analytical mind, more than 27 years of experiences in divergent applications like
Hydropower, Solar and Wind farms, Rail applications in France, Germany and the rest of Europe, Constructions High-rise and mid-rise buildings, industrial applications.

Trained and instructed engineers, in different applications around the globe, hold seminars and couches when it was requested from our clients. In technical or lingual matter.

Contributing to the business strategy planning, implemented adequate rules evaluate the risqué minimize assumptions establish a correct planning 2D-3D grow the for cast and income.

As head identify, prioritize and build organizational capabilities, behavior, structures and processes.

Skills:

Lingual instructor/ German, Francaise, English.
Industrial Engineering, Project Management, Project Gestion, Finical acumen, MS Project, Project Planning, InTouch Visualizing, PLC, High and Low Voltage application.
Analytical, Goal Oriented

Wolfgang H. Schaefers

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Berlitz Philippines Ortigas
Time contract 2019 up 2019
German lingual instructor
Intruct Nurces in the German languish level A1up to B2

Bomel construction Philippine
Time contract 2018 up 2018
City Tagkawayan Quezon Province

Lead engineer, planning a 10.000sqm aria
Gasoline station, Restaurant, Hotel, Shops
Lead the land skating and the construction.

RC Ramos Construction Corp. Philippine 2014 up 2018
AAA Construction Organization
Lead Engineer
Bring the Cie. in the 22th was the goal, with a modern and adequate behavior. Starting by overviewing all existing paper work and adjust,
Established adequate paper roles and requested getting adequate software, like BlueBime, researches for an adequate Cie. Software. Prepared a new ISO certification.
The result was imminent we got several biddings B.I.R projects in San Fernando and Manila, Camarin Marked and other wasn’t in the loop.

Al Ishraf, Abu Dhabi 2014 up 2015
Switch-gear manufacturing.

Marketing/ Instructor
As lead engineer and head of marketing, visited clients and presented the company increased the
revenue by 40%. Grow the Client / Company satisfaction by investigating and analyzing, executed new solutions.
Formed new structures, reviews and changed the facility management organization.
Applied new goals and generated un appropriated factory output by increasing efficiency.
Analyzing feasibility study and break down phases for multiple clients, in the Gulf.
Lead and trained junior engineers, on company needs.

IMS Internationally Marketing Service GmbH 2001 up 2013

Founder
Negotiate and overviewed client requirements, establish construction metrologies and implement.
Trained engineers in several applications theoretical and practical.
Hold seminars, costumer specific applications for engineers and technician
Rail planning and implementation (France and north Africa).
Design via CAD [Nemenschek], with corresponding visualization {Vector work}.
Electro-mechanical application hydroelectric power projects [Germany, Europe, Oversee].
Alternative energy, Wind parks, Solar energy study’s and construction Worldwide.
Analytic study’s, on demand. Interpret engineering drawings and her specs.
Wrote and overviewed BOQ, profit loss responsibility.
Service Partner Low Voltage Airport Nuernberg and Munich.

Ald the Solution, Hanau 1999 up 2001

Engineering Manager

Client representative during the startup phase Vacuum Harding plants.
Trained engineers on this innovative application, explained during several weeks the
Complexity of this application.
Negotiate break down times for revisions.
Organized the implementation and startup with stuff member.
Reviewed and changed plant internal software Step 5 Siemens visualization InTouch.

Astex USA, Boston and Silicon Valley 1997 up 1999

Service Manager Europa

Create a functional service organization for Astex in Europe; Semiconductor Industry, based in Berlin.
Engineer’s new application Grow Tower, Ozon in DI water application.
Wrote trouble shooting manuals, For the first intervention via Visio fault codes.
Created a training center for the American product line in Berlin Germany.
Travel around the world, to instruct engineers on our application.

Atmel Fab 7, France 1993 up 1999

Diplom Engineer

Working as a Technician during the construction phase of Fab 7 and later on as Diplome Engineer.
Preparation of my Engineering Degree during the evening courses at the university Aix Marseille.

ETS Gentilletti, France 1989 up 1993

Technician

The first work in France after my Armey time in France.

EUDUCATION & CREDITENTIALS

University Bochum and Heidelberg
Preparing a PhD in Philosophy and Psychology Germany 1977 to 1989
Armey Francaise France 1983 to 1988

Technician School Marseille La Traille France 1990 to 1992
Evening courses Electro technique and BCS administration

University Aix Marseille France 1992 to 1995
Evening courses Electro-mechanic and MBA
Final Diplom: Diplom Engineer Electro-Mechanic

LINGUISHES SPOKEN

German native, English, Francaise fluent, Spanish, Tagalog and Italian basic

Contact this candidate
