
Sunil Kumar.
**. K.G Layout,
K.K.Pudur
Coimbatore-641038.
+91-959**-*****
042*-*******
Mail to: adae3n@r.postjobfree.com, adae3n@r.postjobfree.com

Over 13 Years of experience in the field of I.T.E.S. with interaction of clients and offering Technical support for windows 2000, windows XP, vista, windows 7, 8,8.1 & Windows 10 & US Healthcare Industries.

Responsibilities

Effective manager, Strong team builder and organized leader in a customer service environment.

Efficient in Driving and Adhering to Client Metrics with SLA.

Excellent ability to communicate effectively with both customers and staff.

Strong ability to make administrative and procedural decisions

Ability to organize, prioritize and schedule work assignments

Organized training programs for the continuous development in performance

Expertise in Windows 2000, Windows XP, Vista & Windows 7

Expertise in MS WORD, EXCEL & POWER POINT

Qualification

Diploma in Electronics & Communication Engineering

Additional Qualification

Certified Professional in Hardware & Networking in Accel IT academy.

Work Experience :

OCT’2018 – May’2019

June’2016 – August’2018

Nov’2012 – October’2015

Jun’2011 -
Sep,2012

Company Name : BPO INTEGRA INDIA (P) Ltd

Nature Of Job : Transaction Team Leader

Clients : US Healthcare Industries.

Line of Business : DME & Practice Services

Roles and Responsibilities:

Handling Kick Off calls with New clients
Understanding client requirements and needs
Help clients in Joining the insurance network
Knowldge in Credentialing(ERA/EDI,EFT Enrollment )
Knowledge on Charges Entry and Payment Posting
Knowledge on AR Calling process
Workon detailed Ageing reports and work on resubmitting claims

Company Name : RND SOFTECH PVT LTD

Nature Of Job : Team Leader

Clients : US Healthcare Industries.

Line of Business : DME + HME PRODUCTS

Roles and Responsibilities:

Handling team working on Health care insurances
Specialized in insurance verification and
Prior authorization, CMN & DWO’s
Have done on boarding for various healthcare clients
Process of learning ICD – 10 and HCPC CODING
Have done Telemarketing to Doctors office for selling DME products and referring Patients for sleep study.
Have designed Software automation for capturing
Client data and also developed automation for capturing data for “ Claims & Denials “

Company Name: Sutherland Global Services.

Nature Of Job : Acting Team leader

Clients : DELL

Line of Business : PLE Enterprises support

Roles and Responsibilities:

Proactively communicate and collaborate with external and internal customers to analyze information needs and functional requirements and deliver the following artifacts as needed: Business Requirements and Functional Requirements.
Critically evaluate information gathered from multiple sources, reconcile conflicts, decompose high-level information into details, abstract up from low-level information to a general understanding, and distinguish user requests from the underlying true needs.
Act as the liaison between the business units, technology teams and support teams.
Analyze workflow and make suggestions for process improvements
Ensure, through review and verification, that project deliverables meet the specifications, including timeliness and quality.

Company Name: Sutherland Global Services.

Nature Of Job : Subject Matter Expert

Clients : AT&T

Line of Business : Connectech

Roles and Responsibilities:

Proactively communicate and collaborate with external and internal customers to analyze information needs and functional requirements and deliver the following artifacts as needed: Business Requirements and Functional Requirements.
Critically evaluate information gathered from multiple sources, reconcile conflicts, decompose high-level information into details, abstract up from low-level information to a general understanding, and distinguish user requests from the underlying true needs.
Act as the liaison between the business units, technology teams and support teams.

Analyze workflow and make suggestions for process improvements

Ensure, through review and verification, that project deliverables meet the specifications, including timeliness and quality

Jan’2011- May2011

Company Name: Sutherland Global Services.

Nature Of Job : Business Transaction Services

Clients : Sutherland Internal Process.

Line of Business : Tool development & Testing

Roles and Responsibilities:

Developing and Testing of Tool for Various Sutherland internal process.

Testing of own developed scans like Smart solve & PCHC online scans.

Sep’2007– Dec’2010

Company Name: Sutherland Global Services.

Nature Of Job : Subject Matter Expert

Clients : Microsoft Corporation.

Line of Business : MS PC Safety- Voice & Chat

Roles and Responsibilities:

Troubleshooting the all the issues with Operating System and Browser.
Handling the escalated cases from the Frontline agents
Taking training sessions for new hire and frontline agents
Maintaining data and generating reports for the research team

Weekly interaction with Microsoft clients regards top calls and resolution provided to the respective issues.
Virus Sample submission to clients regularly.
Training to the Frontline folks on new issues and process update.
Communicating periodic update from the client to the Frontline folks.
Creating solution set for new issues and updating the Frontline folks with client approval.
Monitor and enhance the performance of the team in terms of Productivity, Customer Satisfaction
Provide individual coaching feedback sessions, and weekly one-on-ones with team members that focus on improving customer satisfaction.
Coordinate with leads & Duty Managers achieve the targets.
Handling Escalation calls for all Service Delivery Competencies, bringing situations under control.

Aug’2005 – Sep’2007

Company Name: Sutherland Global Services.

Nature Of Job : Service Technician

Clients : HP

Line of Business : Front line Agent

Roles and Responsibilities:

Provide technical support to end-users for PC-related issues (Windows XP/Vista, and Virus).
Provide Resolution to the New / weird issues that need research
Remote assistance support for Needed customers
Identifying Hardware issues and Dispatching Hardware units

Core Skill Set:

Installing and Configuring WindowsXP,Vista,Windows2000,Windows 7,windows 8,8.1 & Windows 10
Service pack1&2 installation
Resolving all OPERATING SYSTEM related technical problems.
Providing Remote Assistance.
Configuring Small business networks for U.S Clients using Hubs & Switches
Configuring Wireless networks using Wireless Router & Access Points.
Internet Connection Sharing & configuring DSL (PPPOE), Cable & Dialup Internet Connection.
Backup Support using NT Backup utility & File Transferred Wizard

Personal Details

Date Of Birth : 30- August
Father Name : K.K.Krishnan
Nationality : Indian
Marital Status : Single
Personal interests : Tennis
Languages Known : English, Tamil, Malayalam, and Hindi

Career Objective

Obtain a Leadership position at IT Company where I can maximize my management skills, quality assurance, program development, and training experience

Place : Coimbatore Sunil

Date : ( Signature)

Contact this candidate
