
Teresa Mattaliano 717-***-**** home
*** ****** ***. 732-***-**** cell
Palmyra, PA 17078 adaepc@r.postjobfree.com

Experience: Supervisor, Quality Control/Production/Warehousing in Cosmetics and Food Industries. Colormatcher in Cosmetics and Research Technician in the Healthcare Industry.

Nestle Beverage, USA. Freehold, NJ 1/2000 to 9/2016
Filling and Customer Supply Supervisor. Payroll/HR Analyst – Shift Manager for Filling and Packing Department. Responsible for two high speed powder filling lines and three bulk powder filling lines. Supervised 40 Union employees. Department was restructured in 2002, as a result the work force was reduced to thirty along with the combination of the Filling and Warehouse Departments. My experience has expanded to knowing SAP and DIS systems. Also increased the daily production efficiencies by 30-40 percentage points. Due to production cut backs the Customer Supply Department has been eliminated and I was elevated to Payroll/HR Analyst. The main responsibilities being in charge of the factory payroll and maintaining the Kronos timekeeping system. Other duties are establishing a Factory Training matrix and scheduling and organizing all training for the factory. I also manage the Security guards, Company Store and cafeteria, as well as being a certified Internal Auditor and trained in Go-See-Think-Do and One Point Lessons as well as White Belt training.

Keebler-Sunshine, Inc. Sayerville, NJ 1/97 to 9/99
Line Manager – Responsible for entire Vienna Finger sandwich cookie line. Supervised 15-20 Union employees, troubleshooting maintenance and operational problems. Volunteered to be part of the employee training task force. Helped computerize the daily reports and training manuals.

Pepsi-Cola, Inc. Piscataway, NJ 9/96 to 12/97
Bulk Delivery Manager – Developed the Bulk Delivery System. Experience with “RoadNet” and directly supervised 15-20 class A CDL drivers and their equipment. Ensured timely and accurate deliveries to Supermarkets and Distributors, also acted as liaison between Production, Sales and Customers.

Anhueser-Busch, Inc. Newark, NJ 8/89 to 9/96
Warehouse and Production Superintendent – Administered the overall supervision of warehouse operations, including: Palletizers, Unstackers, Trailer Loading and Unloading, storage of goods and incoming components. Production responsibilities for the Keg filling operation. Experienced in the implementation of computer aided locator and order picking systems. Instructor in the ‘MoveSmart” program to educate employees in the correct lifting and tool usage techniques.

Calvin Klein Cosmetics, Inc. Wayne, NJ 6/87 to 8/89
Production Supervisor – Controlled the overall supervision of eight production lines, comprised of direct line workers and support staff in the packaging of designer fragrance products. Coordinated the non-union labor force of 80 – 100 employees with the production needs and the availability of packaging components.

1
Intercos America, Inc. Princeton, NJ 1987
Production Manager – Supervised the overall production and warehousing of cosmetics pressed powders, raw materials and finished goods. Acted as liaison between Intercos and US customers in the development and implementation of new shade lines and products.

Kirker Chemical, Inc. Paterson, NJ 1986 to 1987
Product Development Color Matcher – Worked with Marketing divisions of various companies developing Nail Enamel shades and promotional lines.

Colgate-Palmolive, Inc. Piscataway, NJ 1983 to 1986
Research Technician in Oral Products – Primary project development with the “Colgate Pump” product package. Responsible for all computability and stability testing of the new packaging and pilot production of the corresponding toothpaste.

Particle Size Manufacturing, Inc. Englishtown, NJ 1981 to 1983
Production Manager – Managed the manufacturing of raw materials for the cosmetic industry concentrating on the grinding and blending of powders. Worked closely with customers in the development of grinding processes to match their specific needs.

Revlon, Inc. Edison, NJ 1979 to 1981
Quality Assurance Technician/Colormatcher – Performed color matching in the manufacturing facility on nail enamel. Aided Research in the development of new nail enamel lines. Conducted other QA functions and physical testing on other products in the plant including hair, lip, face and fragrance products.

Education: AAS Degree in Medical Technology, Middlesex County College June 1979
Undergraduate Chemistry and related courses leading to degree, University College, Rutgers University

Contact this candidate
