
RICHARD T. EBORA
BS ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING
PNP Compound, Kumintang Ilaya, Batangas City, Philippines 4200
Email Add.: adae2o@r.postjobfree.com
Contact No.: +639*********

OBJECTIVE
To be able to achieve a challenging and progressive position that will offer advance opportunities as I demonstrate my ability, effectiveness and skills in the field of Electrical Engineering and other related works.

BACKGROUND
Highly organized and self-motivated individual. Specific strengths and abilities include: problem solving, quality-oriented team player, able to work alone and highly trainable.

WORK EXPERIENCES

Position: Board Operator, Field Operator
Company: Hyundai Engineering Co. LTD
Address: Turkmenbashi, Turkmenistan
Date: May 18, 2018 – February 12,2019
Department: HDPE Operation / Polymer Warehouse

Job Description / Duties and Responsibilities
Responsible in Board/Panel/DCS operation for pre-commissioning, Commissioning and Start-up. Monitor Temperatures, pressures, levels, closed and open valves, start and stop pumps and blowers. Operates forklift trucks, Operate Static Binder Bagging Machine and Palletizer, Lanchemeier Stretch hood machine and Big bag machine.

Position: Nylon Operator
Company: Petrochemical Conversion Company (PCC)
Address: Jubal 2nd Industrial City, KSA
Date: August 2, 2015 – February 27, 2017
Department: Nylon 6,6 - Performed several task (Outside Operator – areas includes Utilities, Wastewater and Salt Strike) as required. The Nylon 6,6 facility comprises different areas such as Salt Strike Module, CP (Continuous Polymerization) Module, Wastewater, HTF (Heat Transfer Fluid) Module and Utilities. Petrochemical Conversion Company (PC:C) is an integrated, state-of-the-art plastics conversion park located on 500,000 m2 of property in Al Jubal II Industrial City, Saudi Arabia. PCC was formed in 2011 and is owned 50 percent by the Saudi Industrial Investment Group (SIIG) and 50 percent by Arabian Chevron Phillips Petrochemical Company Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Chevron Phillips Chemical Company LLC.

Job Description / Duties and Responsibilities:
Started working as CSU (Commissioning & Start-Up) Operator which was tasked to provide different task prior to starting up the unit at CP (Continuous Polymerization) & Wastewater area.
Participated and performed punch listing during plant walk down to ensure that all equipment and instruments adheres to piping and instrumentation diagram.
Cross trained and performed tasks in different areas such as in Salt Strike, Wastewater, Utilities, DCS, CP and Compounding.
Participated as well in starting up the unit in both CP and Wastewater area. Later assigned as Utility and function as well as Salt Strike Operator.
Assigned as Wastewater, CP and DCS Operator in the event of manpower shortage.
Monitor and controls process and utility equipment through Distributed Control System (Emerson Delta V) to ensure safe and efficient operation.
Monitor safety systems, control equipment and processes within environmental regulations and standards.
Perform the outside operator steps to start-up the unit and associated equipment.
Conduct and perform equipment isolations in activity in compliance to PTW system (Permit to Work System).
Completes shift report noting the state of all plant condition, corrective action taken and highlighting other items of the plant that needs further attention.
Maintain appropriate records and documentations of all plant activities.
Collect samples each shift per published sample schedule and Standard Operating Instructions.
Perform emergency operations during equipment outages and upset conditions.

Maintain outside operating equipment, systems and processes within operating parameters (see list of major equipment/skid below).
Utilities
Reverse Osmosis (RO) Unit, Cooling Water, Instrument/Utility/Conveying Air Compressor, Steam Generation (Boiler/Boiler Feed Water/Deaerator), Nitrogen (N2) Skid, Sales Gas (Natural Gas) Skid, Sea Water/Cooling Water/Potable Water/Chilled Water/Treated Water.
Salt Strike
Tank Farm/HMD Unloading Area, Primary/Secondary Reactor, Atopic Acid Unloading System, Conditioning and Conveying Atopic Acid prior to unloading through PIT (Powered Industrial Truck) Caterpillar EP 18 Lift Truck.
Wastewater/CP
HTF Module (which includes HTF Vaporizer, HTF Vessels such as Condensate/Storage, Vent System, Liquid System and Receivers), Wastewater Sumps and Storage Tanks and Partial Biological Treatment Package. CP Module (includes vessels such as Salt Day Tank, Evaporator, Polymerize, Calandria, Catchall, Flasher and Finisher and Conveying System), Diverted Pellets removal through PIT (Powered Industrial Truck) Caterpillar EP 18 Lift Truck
Ensures compliance with all Health, Safety and Environment standard as well as PTW system of PC

JG Summit Petrochemical Corporation
Simlong, Batangas City
May 3, 2006 to August 2014

Duties and Responsibilities

Specializes with the complete PLC Operation of the Packaging System, Big Bag machine system and the VAREX blown film line control panel. Includes studying engineering drawing, standard operating procedures and equipment specification.

Turn-over/receives the packaging equipment to the incoming/outgoing field operator to ensure its continuous and safe shift logbook written by the outgoing operator to verify the operational status of all the equipment under his control. Knows how to operate forklift.

1.Packaging Operator
Directly operates and maintain FFS Bagging machine (Haver and Boecker ) with a capacity of 30tons per hour.

Makes routine checks, inspection adjustments on packaging equipment and packaging material to ensure safe and continuous operation. Report any abnormalities to the shift supervisor. Observe mechanical, electrical and operating condition of all equipment in the area (net weigher, bagging of the packaging materials and the final package). Make necessary packaging equipment adjustment.

Directly operates and maintain palletizing unit (Beumer) packaging line and enter operating parameters with the capacity of 30tons per hour.

Directly operates and maintain strechhood machine (Beumer) and enter operating parameters.

Operates the equipment control panel of all printers (Imaje) in the packing lines.

Operates Big bag machine safely and accurately.

2.VAREX Operator

Directly operates and maintain Varex blown film (Windmoller and Holscher) and enter operating parameters to attain the desired objective safely at a minimum cost of production. Responsible in charging the needed resin and additives.

Electrical Technician
J.G. Summit Petrochemical Corporation
Simlong, Batangas City
July 2005 – May 2, 2006

Supervises the implementation of electrical / packaging maintenance related works, maximizing the use of available manpower, tools, devise and materials to finish the work on schedule and conforms to established standards.
Implement any packaging maintenance and troubleshooting of Haver and Boeker FFS (Form, Fill and Seal) Equipment for Bagging of our Product. German technology that involves PLC, motors (SEW), pneumatics, vacuum conveyors.
Windmoller & Holcher VALCHER – Equipment for making film. German technology that involves Extruder, Die Head, Haul-off, Printer, Gusseting etc.
PALLETPAC – Equipment for Palleting. German technology that involves PLC and motors (SEW).
Stretched (Equipment for Wrapping Pallet)
Webster Griffin Ltd-Big Bag- for bagging product up to 1000Kg. Includes motors and pneumatics.
Conduct checking of motor, mostly SEW motor. Some were Dual Speed type motor. Checked / measure winding resistance, insulation resistance, brake coil resistance etc. and keep a record for future reference.
In cases when there are no superior on duty, responsible for the decision making of the encountered related problem in the process, non-process and packaging plant facilities.
In-charge of maintenance and troubleshooting of plant wide support facilities such as UTF (Utility Tank Farm), Laboratory, Administration Building and Product warehouse.
Attends call / request of operation in tendering power / isolation of their equipment from substation. Ranges from 440V for small and medium motor (MCCB & Air circuit breaker-Mitsubishi Electric Corporation) to 6.6KV switchgear for large motor (Vacuum Circuit Breaker-High Voltage Vacuum Combination Switch, Mitsubishi Electric Corporation).
Attends weekly test run of Emergency Diesel Generator (Petbow, 200KW, 3-phase, 460V) as requested by Utility and Tank farm Department.
Coordinates closely with other section of the plant concerning equipment stopping, starting and performance testing to prevent accident or delay.
Reviews evaluated and service spare parts for the purpose of maximizing its life span.
Prepares daily work assignment of subordinates indicating the activities to be done, required man-hours and status of the work at the end of the day.
Initiated purchase requisition for parts and materials.
Maintains a complete record of necessary data on electrical equipment repaired, which includes among others extent of works, parts damaged or replaced, man hours and materials utilized.
Created a data bank of information regarding plant wide motor such as list of their specification, current reading for a particular day, trouble encountered / remedies etc. for future reference.
Involve in the annual Total plant shutdown of our plant namely Polypropylene Plant, Polyethylene Plant and substation.
Conduct preventive maintenance of motors ranging from fractional horsepower to 5-megawatt motor (Mixer motor for Polypropylene Plant). For large motor namely Mixer motor and Cycle Gas Compressor checking of the following: brush lifting device, measurement of Carbon brush, checking of Local control Panel / cable termination, Checking / cleaning of stator, cleaning of internal assembly, checking/measuring of insulation resistance, motor winding resistance, checking of space heater. Withdrawing of their switchgear at substation, vacuuming, visual inspection, tightening of screws, cleaning of main contacts and applying contact grease. For medium and small motor checking of cable termination, measuring of insulation resistance, winding resistance, local control panel and its control module / protection at substation, replacing of bearing if necessary. For transformer, checks temperature, liquid levels, leaks in liquid filled transformer, dirt accumulated on high voltage bushings, rusting, discolored connections which indicate excessive heat and checking of bushings for cracks. Replacing Silica Gel.

Obey necessary safety procedures / precautions in the workplace.
Operates and drive Forklift truck

PERSONAL DATA

Date of Birth : July 19, 1980
Place of Birth : Batangas City
Age : 37
Sex : Male
Height : 5’5”
Weight : 72.5 kgs.
Civil Status : Married
Nationality : Filipino
Religion : Roman Catholic
SSS Number : 04 – 1368937 – 7
Tin Number : 938- 792-512

EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT

Tertiary: Golden Gate Colleges
P. Prieto Street, Batangas City
S.Y. 2004 -2005

University of Batangas
Hilltop, Batangas City
S.Y. 1997 - 2003

Secondary: Batangas National High School
Rizal Avenue, Batangas City
S.Y. 1996 – 1997

Primary: Kumintang Elementary School
Kumintang Ilaya, Batangas City
S.Y. 1992 – 1993

SEMINARS ATTENDED

Power Stability/Regulation September 20, 2001 University of Batangas
Power Loss/Losses Reduction

Electrical Design September 29, 2001 University of Batangas

Electrical Design & February 06, 2002 University of Batangas
Construction
Combined Cycle Power & October 09, 2003 University of Batangas
It’s Operation

Electric Power Distribution January 22, 2003 University of Batangas
System & System Losses

Basic Programmable February 11, 2003 National Power Corp.
Logic Control Calaca, Batangas

Electrical System Design March 18, 2003 University of Batangas
In High Rise Building

Power Awareness & October 18, 2006 Teachers Conference
ACMV System Bldg. P. Herrera St.
Batangas City

Values, Attitude July 31–August 01, 2008 GBF Bldg, Pasig City
Enhancement Program

TRAINING

Mandatory Training October6-8and14-15 2010 JG Summit
For Fire Brigade Petrochemical
Corp.

Basic Life Support March 12-14, 2014 JG Summit
Cardiopulmonary Petrochemical
Resuscitation Corp.

CHARACTER REFERENCES

Brendo Umbao
Shift Supervisor
JG Summit Petrochemical Corporation
092********
Mar Arnel Panganiban
Shift Supervisor
JG Summit Petrochemical Corporation
092********

I hereby certify that the above information is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.

RICHARD T. EBORA

Contact this candidate
