
DHINESH.P
Mobile: +91-984*******, +91-854*******
Email id: adaefd@r.postjobfree.com
CAREER OBJECTIVES:
An Electrical Maintenance & Commissioning engineer with aspiration to work and grow in all fields with eagerness, to accept challenges and contributes through my knowledge, skill and personal commitment for excellence and individual satisfaction and as a Team Player in multinational work force.

PROFILE SUMMARY:
Bachelor Degree in engineering with a background of Electrical & Electronics (2006-2010).
Experience of 7 more years in Project management, Electrical, Technical support, Maintenance, Commissioning and Testing.
Good knowledge of the concepts, standards, techniques and theoretical applications of electrical engineering operation and maintenance.
Well versed in safety guidelines and procedures related to electrical engineering.
Highly efficient in working with a team and keeping a record of all the project execution details
Testing & commissioning of Relays, Transformers, Breakers, etc.
Sound Maintenance knowledge of power plant electrical equipment like switchgear, Conventional MCC, PCC panels, HT/LT Motors, Transformers, Switchgear, Switchyard, CT, PT, MOV’s, cable routing, Battery chargers and protection systems.
Good knowledge in referring SLD’s, P&ID’s, I/O wiring and Scheme drawings.
Knowledge in Variable Frequency Drives (VFD).
Operation, maintenance and trouble shooting of electrical distribution system and Electrical parameters.
Well knowledge & experience in maintenance of electrical equipments.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIANCES:
1.Plant: 2 x 75MW (2 x 300TPH CFBC boiler) Power Project, HMEL (HPCL-Mittal Energy Ltd, Oil & Gas Refiner Boiler, AHS & MHS), Bathinda, Punjab.

(i)Presently Working as a Electrical Senior Engineer (Maintenance) in JS Engineering from July 2019 to till now.

(ii) Worked as a Electrical Maintenance Engineer in PREMIER PLANT SERVICES & ENGINEERS PVT LTD from Feb 2017 to June-2019.

Responsibilities:

Commissioning and maintenance of 33KV, 11 KV & 6.6 KV HT Switchgear panels.
Commissioning and maintenance of 415 Volts LT Switchgear panels.
Carrying out all project electrical equipments activities assigned throughout the Engineering, Commissioning, Operation & Maintenance
Commissioning and Maintenance of 150MW auxiliaries like (2.250MW) BFP Motor and 2x300 TPH CFPF Boiler auxiliaries ID, PA, SA, and Liquid rotor starter motors etc.
Commissioning & maintenance Power transformer (25/31.5 MVA), NGR, RTCC & OLTC.
Commissioning & trouble shooting of Variable Frequency Drives (ACS850, ACS800 & ACS550).
Knowledge of operation procedure & trouble shooting of Electrostatic Precipitator (ESP).
Well Knowledge maintenance of Oil & Dry type Distribution Transformers & Rectifier Transformers.
Maintenance & Knowledge in HT motor, LT motor & starter.
Operation and Maintenance in HT VCB and ACB Breakers with Protection systems.

Well knowledge about ABB REF615, REM615, RED615, & RED 670 Relays logic configurations.
Deep knowledge in relay coordination with upstream & downstream substations.
Well knowledge about Protection Scheme Drawing modifications, Logic developments, Cable schedule preparation of Electrical Equipment’s.
Maintenance of Lighting system, Plant Earthing System.
Checking the condition monitoring log books of Transformers, Motors, Substation, etc.
Knowledge about Data Concentrator Panel (Fault recorder, current & voltage trends, etc).
Knowledge in UPS 40KVA, UPS 15KVA, Battery Bank and Battery Charger.
Knowledge in synchronization & Auto Changeover.
Preparation of cable schedule, Equipment’s PM & pre-commissioning check list, test protocols and as Built drawings for the above mentioned systems.
Trouble shooting for all Electrical circuits, control & protection circuits.
Prepare spare list for all Electrical Equipment.
Equipment tag creation in SAP.
Preparation of PM schedule creation & update in SAP
Bill of Material SAP codification.
Preparation of SMP, SJP, JSA.
Mandatory spare Material management and Procurement of critical spares and PR rising.
Knowledge in SAP(permit to work system, Creation of work order, notifications, material Issuing)

Undergone safety trainings:
PTW(Permit to Work)
Incident & Injury Free work
SSK (Supervisor skills)
LOTO(Lock out Tag out)

2.Worked as a Electrical Engineer in M/s. TCNOM Engineers (P) Ltd Chennai, from 2016 August to Feb 2017.

Responsibilities:

Commissioning, Testing & configuration of all types of relays.
Testing of Breakers, Energy meter & Relays.
Co- ordination with Customers and Witness Testing of Relays.
Scheme checking, Interlock Checking & Panel commissioning.
Documentation of the tested panels and relays.
Scheme checking, Interlock Checking & Panel commissioning.

3.Worked as Electrical Engineer in M/s. INEL Power System Engg. (P) Ltd. Chennai, from 2012 march to 2016 April.
Responsibilities:

Scheme Testing of Control and Relay panels ranging from 11kV to 765 kV.
HV Test for Control and Relay Panel Wiring Circuits.
Co- ordination with Customers and Witness Testing of Control & Relay panels.
Interlock checking of all LCC & relay panels (in yard condition) using simulator.
Maintenance of HT & LT breaker, transformer.
Relay coordination suggestion to customer.

Relays Handled :
Siemens Relays (7SJ, 7SA,7SD,7UT,etc)
SEL Relays(SEL 751, SEL 710)
ABB Relays (REF615, REM 615,RED 615, RED 670)
SCHNIDER Relays(P530, P220)

Projects profile:

Involved as a Team Leader in Testing & commissioning of all Siemens Control and Relay Panels from 11kV to 400Kv of various Qatar and Domestic Projects in Goa & Kalwa.
Handling of customer inspection and Testing of all control & relay panels.
Handling of customer inspection and involving the testing & commissioning.
2*800MW Thermal power plant(NTPC, Lara Chhattisgarh)
18 MW Daund Sugar mill (Daund, Maharashtra)
33/6.6/0.433 KV substation (HMEL, Bhatinda, Punjab)
1*30MW CPP Unit (Emami cement Ltd)

4.Electrical Maintenance Technician of Olympia Tech Park in Electrical Maintenance period of 10 months in Chennai(May-2011 to FEB-2012).
Responsibilities:
Periodical Maintenance of Chiller, AHU room.
Periodic maintenance of motors.
Maintenance of cooling plant and other Electrical equipments service.

PERSONAL DETAILS :

Father’s Name : A.Pakkirisamy
Mother’s Name : P.Vijaya
Date of Birth : 04.07.1989
Marital Status : Single
Permanent Address : Perumbakkam Village & Post
Cheyyur Taluk.
Kancheepuram District.Tamil Nadu.
Language known : Tamil, English & Hindi(Speak only)
Hobbies : Listening Music, Playinag Cricket

DECLARATION:
I hereby declare that all the particulars furnished above are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.
DATE : YOUR’S TRULY,
PLACE:

Contact this candidate
