
JUAN FEAGIN

***** ******* **. #***
Houston, TX Cell: 310-***-****
adae89@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Profile

A highly-motivated & enthusiastic Senior IT / Business Leader with a successful background in managed services, outsourcing, with a broad range of client-facing management experience, seeking an IT leadership challenge. Information Technology professional with over 15 years’ experience. Responsible, detail oriented with strong technical, analytical, problem solving, communication and team skills. Exceptional work ethic.

Apple 10.6 Certified Support Professional and Areas of expertise include help desk support and management, with expertise using ServiceNow and Vantive. Dashboard creations, RCA and reporting from ITSM systems. Systems implementation, migration, upgrade, repair, maintenance and training in Windows 7 & 10. O365 implementation and support.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Atos (formerly Xerox), Los Angeles, CA 2012 - Present
Service Delivery Manager – CNA Project
Ticket Monitoring and support using ServiceNow. Dashboard and report creations.
Oversee day-to-day operations including ensuring delivery of SLAs and end-to-end quality targets. Provide hands on Tier 2/3 support for all systems for internal customers through support queues / channels; addressing problems quickly, thoroughly and consistently. Monitor key KPI’s.
Implement processes that take proactive approaches to resolve recurring operational and technical problems.
Establish best practice application support methodology and processes, including maintenance and support roadmaps, processes and technical documentation.
Perform analysis of and make recommendations for the improvement of existing information systems and perform ongoing reviews of new technologies.
Facilitate meetings to improve productivity.
Serve as primary contact for operations of the Contract with Local Client.
Extensive RCA reporting.
Coordinate operations-related meetings regarding the relevant SOW or business area.
Assist Client with contract management to the extent required pursuant to the Agreement.
Monitor Service Level performance and coordinate Service improvement plans.
Serve as the contact for definition, planning and approval of Additional Services.
Coordinate Client Service Requests and new service opportunities.
Coordinate the Change Management process/policies in some service related areas.
Coordinate IT production planning with Client and Third Party Vendors.
Remotely manage staff of 50+ techs handling IMAC trouble tickets using ServiceNow.
Responsible for recruiting, hiring, coaching and mentoring, development planning, and performance management of direct reports from regional offices.
Document and maintain a knowledge base (wiki) of technical articles and policy and procedural documents.
Project Management – Creating and implementing plans for projects; Supervising technical staff while staying within budget.
Asset Management, Ordering and Procurement.

VACO Technologies, Torrance, CA 2011 - 2012
Service Desk Engineer I
Remote Tier 1 and 2 support for clients across the country.
Train clients on proprietary software.
Install HW and SW remotely.
Troubleshooting and problem solving for client issues
IMAC troubleshooting

Quest Diagnostics, West Hills, CA 2009 - 2011
Implementation Technician
Hands-on support for clients in the LA Metro Area.
Train clients on proprietary software.
Install HW and SW in Hospitals, Medical Centers and Private Medical Offices.
Configure Routers and DSL Modems
Configure/Image pc’s using Acronis.
EHR Training
IMAC troubleshooting

MOSS ADAMS, LLC, Los Angeles, CA 2006 - 2009
Southwest Technical Lead
Opened a new Satellite Office in Woodland Hills.
Installed VoIP system for LA office.
IMAC troubleshooting
Key player in creating a Call Center for First Call Resolution format
Direct hands-on support for 200+ in the LA office. Support 600 users in the region.
Supervise, train and mentor six direct reports from regional offices.
Handle escalated customer issues from regional offices.
Implemented Asset Management Database for the LA office which is being considered for implementation for the entire Firm.
Configured phones using Cisco Call Manager and VM using Unity.
Facilitate meetings to improve productivity.
Wrote policies and procedures.

CC-OPS, INC., Culver City, CA 2006
Site Manager – Raytheon Project
Manage staff handling trouble tickets.
Handle escalated customer issues.
Liaison between other departments and Technical Services Group.
IMAC troubleshooting
Supported 2,500 users.

ALTEP, INC, El Paso, TX 2006
Database Administrator
Maintained functionality and accessibility of Concordance Databases
including running CPLs, deduping databases, exporting data for productions.
Perform administrative tasks in FYI Server.
Created user accounts to access databases.
Trained users in the use of Concordance.
Troubleshot issues in Concordance for users.
Created search queries.
Loaded images to imagebase.
Supported 119 paralegals.

DATAFLIGHT SOFTWARE, Los Angeles, CA 2005 - 2006
Technical Services Supervisor

Earned Concordance Administrator Certification.
Implemented Call Queuing system.
Implemented Policy and Procedures for the department.
Provided hands-on support for Concordance issues with clients including
running CPLs, deduping databases, exporting data for productions.
Perform administrative tasks in FYI Server.
Supervised three staff.
Handled escalated customer issues.
Supported 2,500 users.

DELOITTE AND TOUCHE, Los Angeles, CA 2000 - 2005
Helpdesk Lead
Sr. Technical Analyst
Created images used by the different departments in the West cluster.
Lead Technician in the migration from DocsOpen to iManage.
Blackberry Specialist for the West Cluster.
Managed 45 technicians and three Leads.
Reviewed Vantive Work orders to ensure proper documentation with technicians.
Hands-on support by answering calls during high call volume time.
Supported 33,000 users.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Platforms: IBM, COMPAQ, TOSHIBA, DELL, HEWLETT PACKARD, PACKARD BELL, MAC, Palm Pilots, Blackberry’s, iPhone & iPad
User Applications: Windows 10, Windows 7, Office 365, Collier Top Form, PQ Magic 4, Cute FTP, DCC 4.0-5.5, Hummingbird, Norton Anti-Virus, PFX Engagement, PFX Tax, Ghost 4.0, 5.1c, 6.5, 7.0, 8.0, Lexis Nexus, CCH, Abacus Law, PCAnywhere 9.2, PAL 4.01, Vantive
System Applications: Concordance, Active Synch, Windows Mobile, Cisco Call Manager, Unity, DocsOpen, iManage, Symposium, Remedy, Helpstar
Hardware: WAN, LAN, Hard Drives, Floppy drives, Memory SIMMs, CD Drives, Tape Backup, Modems, Sound Cards, Video Cards, System boards, Power Supplies, Scanners, PC Cards, Zip Drives, Hubs and Network Cards

Contact this candidate
