
Objective
Seeking for the position of Youth care worker/ personal support in Home care

Highlights of Qualifications
Over 5 years of work experience in the Regina health region.
Multilingual abilities in English, Arabic, Tem, Hausa, and Twi.
Exceptional interpersonal, communication and conflict resolution skills.
Experience in working with a variety of cross-cultural groups.
Excellent skills in computer technology.
Proven ability to multitask with minimal supervision and the desire for continuous learning.
Demonstrated ability to work effectively with others to achieve optimal collective results.
Familiar with long term home care environment.

Work Experience
Medical Device Reprocessing Technician 2014–Present
Regina General Hospital, (Saskatchewan), Canada
Decontaminating and sterilizing surgery instruments, medical supplies and equipment.
Assembling, wrapping and sterilizing trays of instruments.
Adhering to proper standards and precautions of work environment.
Restocking, maintaining inventory and submitting requisitions.
Assisting with maintaining established departmental policies and procedures including quality improvement, safety and infection control standards.

Exterminator: Canadian Thermal Solution (CTS) 2012–2014
Regina, Canada
Inspecting and treating homes for bug infestation using modern conventional technologies.

Associate Worker: Walmart 2012–2013
Regina, Canada
Restocking merchandise.
Adhering to food safety and handling procedures and following sanitation and cleaning procedures.
Meeting customers’ needs by assisting them whenever possible.

Education
Bachelor of Science in Nursing
College of Nursing, University of Saskatchewan (Regina Campus) Expected date of completion - 2021

High School
Saskpolytechnic and Regina Adults Campus
Grade 12 equivalent courses 2011-2013

Relevant courses and certifications
Clinical practice in Extendicare (Parkside LTC)
Patient and family centered care in clinical practice (in 3F RGH)
Standard first aid and CPR/ AED Level Certificate
TLR certification
Up-to-date Immunizations

References
1.Name: Sam Baison Relation: Former Manager Tel: 1-639-***-****
2.Name: Henry Nwadike Relation: Co-worker Tel: 306-***-****
3.Name: Lisa Jemima. Relation: Co-worker. Tel: 306-***-****

Contact this candidate
