
NKONU WISDOM AMETO
Address: P.O. Box AN *****, Accra-North, Ghana
Contact: +233*********/+233*********
Email: adaefk@r.postjobfree.com
Date of Birth: 09 September 1990
Nationality: Ghanaian
SUMMARY
Passionate, ingenious graduate with academic and professional experience in the engineering. Hardworking, self-motivated, committed to satisfactory work delivery and can work effectively in a team to achieve tasked goals or targets. Very ambitious, goal oriented with a view to excel at any required. Undergone two-year mandatory regimental cadet training to establish the discipline required for the maritime industry.
Fluent in English, both written and oral with the ability to relate to all levels of social contacts and work effectively in any condition.

EXPERIENCE

Graduate Assistant January 2019- Present
Regional Maritime University Marine Engineering Department
Accomplished 80% knowledge and exposure assisting with the courses; General Motor Knowledge and Mathematics courses for Class 2/1 and 3 unlimited engineers’ class
Marking 80% scripts and compiling results
Handled 60% tutorials and class presentations for Marine Engine Systems I/II
Training and lecturing of 60% of engineering and nautical science students on Engine room simulation
Working with course representative to arrange classes and follow up on assignments

Engine Officer Cadet July 2018 – November, 2018
Bernhard Schulte Shipping Company MV Konrad Schulte
Compliance with safe working practices
Participating in assigned shipboard activities
Taking a proactive approach to professional development
Working with engine ratings and officers to gain experience
Gained 70% experience in overhauling Main Engine, ship security and environmental compliance
Working with engine ratings and officers to gain experience
Fulfilled 75% of the requirements for Competency Management System (CMS)

Graduate Assistant (Nat’l Service) May – July 2018
Regional Maritime University Marine Engineering Department
Participating in daily office activities at the provost office enhancing work load reduction by 30%
Teaching tutorials classes and class presentations on assignments. This ensured improved understanding of the course by 30%
Working with course representative to arrange classes and follow up on assignments
Ensure the availability of all teaching materials for effective delivery
Carrying out assigned jobs from the provost effectively

Engine Officer Cadet December 2017- May 2018
Bernhard Schulte Shipping Company MV MOL Grandeur
Familiarization with onboard ship operations and ship security
Application of theoretical knowledge to gain practical experience in engine room
Comply with BSM’s SMS, EMS and international standards and regulations
Form part of the emergency response team (specific duties as per ships emergency organisation)
Gained 70% experience in overhauling Main Engine, ship security and environmental compliance
Ensured good housekeeping practices, descaling, priming and painting
Involved in 80% work with engine ratings and officers to gain experience

Graduate Assistant (Nat’l Service) September-December, 2018
Regional Maritime University Marine Engineering Department
Participating in daily office activities at the provost office enhancing work load reduction by 30%
Teaching tutorial class for Instrumentation and control engineering
Teaching tutorials classes and class presentations on assignments. This ensured improved understanding of the course by 30%
Working with course representative to arrange classes and follow up on assignments
Ensure the availability of all teaching materials for effective delivery
Effectively carrying out assigned jobs from the provost

Marine Engineering Technician June- August, 2015
TTV Thai Union Technical Department
Carried-out daily workshop cleaning
Daily task assigned to the technical team on the company’s vessels.
Maintenance and cleaning in engine room.
Observed engine room and workshop preventive and corrective maintenance procedures.
Observed and maintained safety requirements at workshop and in engine room when on board.
EDUCATION
BSc. Marine Engineering (ISO Certified) 2013-2017
Regional Maritime University Nungua-Accra, Ghana
Electrical, Mechanical and Naval Engineering
Engineering principles and practices
Principles of management
Law
Workshop technology
Seamanship
BYU-Pathway Certificate 2012-2013
Brigham Young University Idaho-USA
English
Mathematics
Life Skills and Time management
W.A.S.S.C.E Certificate 2005-2008
English,
Mathematics (Core & Elective)
Integrated Science,
Social Studies,
Biology,
Physics
Chemistry
TRIANING
STCW Certificate (STCW-2010) June 2017/ Aug 2019
Regional Maritime University (SMTC Training Center) Nungua -Accra, Ghana
Element First Aid
Personal Survival Techniques
Personal Safety and Social Responsibility
Basic Fire Prevention and Fire Fighting.
International Ship and Port Facility Security Code
Basic Oil & Chemical Tanker Cargo Operations

Cadetship Certificate (STCW-2010) September 2013- October 2015
Regional Maritime University (SMTC Training Center) Nungua -Accra, Ghana
Physical Training
Time Management
Observing rules, laws and regulations
Respect of authority and observing chain of command
Discipline and Leadership qualities

ACHIEVEMENTS
Association of Engineering Students (RMU) first ever elected president. Served honorably and diligently to establish the required precedent for successive leadership.

Part of the team of Students representing the Regional Maritime University at the Ghana Institution of Engineers (GhIE) Engineering Week Celebration “Tamale 2015 & SADA Business and Investment Forum “SABIF 2015”, that emerged third (3rd) for the Engineering Student’s Calabash competition.

SKILLS
Organizational Skills:
Teamwork (Assisted in several engine maintenance).
Health and safety consciousness in Engineering.
Self-driven and ability to work diligently with little or no supervision.
Good communication and relationship skills.
International mind-set and desire to work in a multi-cultural organization
Strong analytical skills and possess a natural curiosity to challenge status quo
Ability to deal with high stress levels and ability to multi-task with limited time and resource in a structured manner.
Computer skills:
Proficient with most Microsoft software’s (word, excel, power point, Outlook)
Competent with basic skills in Auto CAD

PERSONAL INTEREST
Enjoys reading and listening to music.
Very active in numerous sporting activities such as Basketball and Soccer
Loves to travel to tourist sites.
Interest in Computer simulations and teaching

Contact this candidate
