
Stacek Chaney

Summary of Qualifications:

Able to handle multiple tasks and projects simultaneously; Creative. Goal-oriented. Problem-solver, Responsible and Confident. I have over 10 years of experience: Picking Packing, Shipping Warehouse Associate, Forklift, Reach Truck, Forklift Driver Reach, Pallet, and Shipping Receiving including Hazardous Material.

Work Experience

Kelly Services/Hitachi America - Charlotte, NC February 2019 to present
Logistic Coordinator Assistant
Responsible for incoming and outgoing freight shipments.
Develop SOP for international freight working with various vendors.
Oversee day to day warehouse operation to ensure raw materials are available for production schedules.
Monitor and track all inventory on quarter cycle counts maintaining 100% accountability

Insynce Staffing - Charlotte, NC March 2018 to January 2019
Material Handler/Forklift Operator at Graphic Packaging International
Feeder / Pick up packing place in boxes for shipping/ rework /flat pack/ electric pallet jack operator/`General service worker

SSI Schaefer - Charlotte, NC June 2012 to February 2018
Material Handler/ Forklift Operator/Machine Operator
Distribute materials to plastic extrusion machine to run product as material handler
Stage finished material as a machine
Grind up plastics to rerun

Kelley Manufacturing Company - Charlotte, NC February 1996 to May 2012
Welder Helper/Fabricator/Material handler
Set up the job placing fabricated steel in a jig then spot weld it to keep intact
Used a punch press and tapping the holes for screws
Take parts to welders to be welded after welded take material to be clean for painting

Education:

Troy State University - Troy. Al. Fall 1993-1995
Major Business Admin.

Skills:

Microsoft Office Suite, SAP, Inventory Cycle count, Machine Operator, Hazmat shipping and receiving, Certified Forklift operator : Order Picker /Clamp/ Pallet Rider Packing (8 years), Picker Packer (10+ years), Picking Packing (10+ years), Shipping (10+ years), Warehouse Associate (10+ years), Forklift, Reach Truck, Forklift Driver (10+ years), Reach (8 years), Pallet Jack (10+ years), Shipping Receiving (10+ years)

TRC Staffing Services, Inc. makes no representation, expressed or implied, concerning the accuracy of information contained on this resume. Studies have shown that many resumes contain factual inaccuracies. We recommend that you conduct your own investigative procedures in addition to our reference efforts to verify the accuracy of any information supplied to you by the candidates.

Contact this candidate
