
Heather Barnard
843-***-****
adaey7@r.postjobfree.com

OBJECTIVE
Obtain a Family Nurse Practitioner position with a growing practice focused on quality care for their patients.

SUMMARY
A Military College Graduate with a clinical and educational background in healthcare. Currently holds a BS in nursing along with a MS in Family Nursing.

Clinical Nursing Experience:

●Intensive Care Unit
●Internal Medicine
●Critical Care
●Wellness Education
●Urgent Care

EDUCATION

Duke University- Durham, NC
Doctor of Nursing Practice, expected graduation 2021

Samford University – Birmingham, AL – 2016
Masters of Science, Family Nurse Practitioner
●Magna Cum Laude
●Sigma Theta Tau

USC Upstate – Spartanburg, SC – 2011
Bachelors of Science in Nursing

The Citadel, The Military College of South Carolina – Charleston, SC – 2009
Bachelors of Science in Health, Exercise, and Sports Science

●Athletic Director’s Honor Roll
●SOCON Honor Roll
●Division I Cross Country
●Division I Indoor Track
●Division I Outdoor Track

CERTIFICATIONS:

●FNP-C
●BLS
●Suboxone Waiver
●ACLS
●PALS
AED

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Global Family Medicine and Urgent Care- Bluffton, SC April 2019-Current
Family Nurse Practitioner- Family Medicine and Urgent Care
●Primary Care of people across the lifespan
●Cross coverage of urgent care for acute care visits

Southern Coast Pain Specialist- Beaufort, SC August 2018-March 2019
Family Nurse Practitioner
Care of chronic pain
Interventional pain specialist

Memorial Health University Physicians- Okatie, SC May 2017-August 2018
Family Nurse Practitioner- Internal Medicine
●Primary care of adult patient
●Acute care visits

Central Carolina Hospital – Sanford, NC- Sep 2015 –April 2017
Critical Care Float Registered Nurse
●Triage and care of patients experiencing emergent medical conditions.
●Executing medical orders and procedures of both adult and pediatric patients within the emergency department.
●Patient education and discharge.

Samaritan Medical Center Jan 2014 – Sep 2014
Urgent Care Registered Nurse
●Care of adult and pediatric patients with minor health issues.
●Triage, medical intake, vital signs, respiratory treatments, lab draw, patient discharge and instruction.

ORISE (Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education) Aug 2013 – Jan 2014
Nurse Educator
●Wellness Education that included topics such as exercise, sleep, healthy nutrition, and stress management.
●Body composition analysis utilizing BODPOD, assessment of cardiovascular fitness while performing VO2 submaximal testing, and establish of basal metabolic rate by utilizing indirect calorimetry.
●Group and individual education to active duty soldiers, their family members and veterans.

Samaritan Medical Center June 2012 – Aug 2013
Intensive Care Registered Nurse
●Care of adult patients in an acute care setting that include, but are not limited to, congestive heart failure, respiratory distress, sepsis, managing ventilated patients, postoperative patients, and post myocardial infarction.
●Conscious sedation, central line management, ventilator and BiPAP management.
●Administration of anti- arrhythmia medications, blood products, and antibiotics.
●Coordinating care within the interdisciplinary team.

Roper St. Francis Hospital 2009 – 2011
Emergency Department Technician
●Patient-focused care and nursing support within a busy, Magnet accredited hospital.
●EKG, lab draw, patient transport, procedure support, and department admissions.

VOLUNTEER/NON-PROFIT EXPERIENCE
Pediatric Justice Association 2015 – Current
Founding Board Member
●Reducing healthcare disputes which may interfere with accurate diagnosis and/or medical treatment by improving relationships between pediatric families and those serving the pediatric community.

Louis’ Kids – 2009
Activities Director
●Louis’ Kids is a non-profit organization committed to promoting healthy lifestyles with underprivileged children

Contact this candidate
