
balasubramanian . m
: +91-995*******, : adaee0@r.postjobfree.com

OBJECTIVES
Seeking challenging assignments with growth oriented organizations across the Industry.

Sub: Application for the post of MECHANICAL ENGINEER

With reference to the above I would like to inform you that I am Balasubramanian.M as a Production Engineer currently working in EOM ENGINEERING PROJECTS PRIVATE LIMITED from July 2018 – Till Date .
I would like to forward my CV for your kind perusal. I believe my qualification and experience will meet your needs. This will be useful for the successful consideration of my application. I assure you that the details given are true to my knowledge and belief.

EOM ENGINEERING PROJECTS PRIVATE LIMITED. –Chennai JULY 2018 – Till Date

Production Engineer

Job Role: Working as a Production Engineer for the responsible to complete the projects on time with good quality.
Ensure project procedures are followed to produce deliverables that meet client and project requirements
Identify problems and coordinate with the engineering team to correct
Daily Monitoring & updating the job status for involved projects and send the status to our customers.
Leading a team of labors & professionals; ensuring suitable deployment and timely suggestion of manpower and delivery of tasks .
Updating the revisions to production groups and get back the previous loaded drawings marked as “superseded” with date & destroyed the same, Issuing the revision drawings & get the sign in the revision drawing control.
Knowledge in Follow and solve the issues during fabrication work, Bill of materials and detailed drawings for the design of profiles.
Processing and following up the sub contractor and ensuring that the products are delivery as per planning schedule.
Machine maintenance which include maintaining,recording and reporting of machine tools.
production stock maintenance
Preparation of work plan schedule to complete the order as per data sheet form and plan list

M/S GANAGA ASSOCIATED PVT LTD TRICHY May 2017 to January 2018

Mechanical Engineer

Scheduling and planning for preventive and breakdown maintenance of equipments during normal operation and in major over hauling period
Commissions with erection work for the conveyor Belt and Roller
Commissions with erection work for the Fans and Pumps
To attend the problem for the coal crusher and Vibrating screen
To attend the field operator work in AFBC Boiler ( Thermax )
Pressure:45kg/cm2
Capacity:18TPH

CHENNAI RADHA ENGINEERING WORKS PVT LTD.- Chennai June 2014 to December 2016

Trainee Engineer
Scheduling and planning for preventive and breakdown maintenance of equipments during normal operation and in major over hauling period
Commissions with erection work for the conveyor Belt and Roller
Scheduling for Preventive maintenance work.
To maintain the store materials

ALEX ENGINEERING PRIVATE LIMITED.-MAHANDRAGIRI (ISRO) Feb 2012 to Mar 2014

Supervisor
Tools Returnable Register Follow-Up without Pending and submitting the report to Store In charge
MRP [Material Receiving Register] Follow-Up with Unique Serial No.and proper Materials

FURN TECH PRIVATE LIMITED.- CHENNAI Augest-2011 to Feb-2012

Production Engineer Trainee
PROJECT TITTLE: Width and Gap Inspection Machine.
In this machine main purpose to check the piston ring width & gap.
Diameter of piston ring 0.8to18mm gap 68.5mm width 1.5mm.
Having good experience in piston ring all type of machine assembly.
And also know the quality control and alignment of machine.

EXPERIENCE IN THERMAL POWER PLANT

Compressor:
lMaintenance of rotary and reciprocating compressor
lReplacement of piston ring, piston, cylinder bore wear reducing
lReplacement of screw, cooler pressure testing, oil separator replacement

Pumps:
§Maintenance of all types of pumps(single stage, multiple stage-Centrifugal pump Controlled Volume dosing Pumps –Plunger type)
§Bearing replacement for both DE & NDE bearing

Measuring Instruments:
Knowledge and handling instruments like vernier caliper, outside and inside micrometers, bore gauges, dial indicators, depth gauge and other precession measuring instrument.

Responsibilities:
§Preparing maintenance check lists.
§Preparing preventive maintenance schedules for equipments and executing them.
§Coordinating with maintenance team to complete the job in time.
§Done annual inspection of Boiler auxiliaries, such as Induced Draught fan, Primary Air fan, Secondary Air fan, Low Pressure Heater drain pump, Boiler Feed Pump, Cooling tower, etc,.
§Using Vibration meter for studying and analysis of Vibration Behaviors of Equipments.
§Maintenance of Belt Conveyors, conveying rollers, crushers, screens, gearboxes and Dust extraction system of Coal handling plant and compressors.
§Scheduled jobs, Unplaned day by day minor defects & running defects, PM as per task at various frequency, Monitoring & follow-up vibration, temperature, noise & lubrication schedules as per daily, weekly monthly & yearly.

Personal strength:
ØPreventive Maintenance & Planning Schedule Preparation jobs

ØSocial Adaptability

ØHard working confident and highly self motivated.

ØAbility to perform well even under pressure

ØSelf-organizing

Academic Qualification

· B.E in Mechanical engineering (2007-2011) from P.E.T ENGINEERING COLLEGE with 73.75% aggregate.

·Higher secondary (2006-2007) in CONCORDIA HIGHER SECONDARY SCHOOL with 71.5% aggregate.

·S.S.L.C (2004-2005) in CONCORDIA HIGHER SECONDARY SCHOOL with 82.8%
aggregate.

Personal Details:

Date of Birth : 10.09.1989.
Marital Status : married.
Nationality : Indian. Language Known : English, Tami, Hindi

Permanent Address : 126, Luther Nagar,
Vallioor
Tirunelveli-627117
Tamilnadu, INDIA
Passport Details:

Passport No : P3392996.

Place & Date of Issue : Madurai; 29.08.2016

Date of Expiry : 29.08.2026.

I hereby declare that all the above information are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Thanking you,
Place: Vallioor yours faithfully

Date;
(M. Balasubramanian)

Contact this candidate
