
Domingo Reyna
Lead Audio Visual Technician Installer - MCAπ
Houston, TX 77049
adaebh@r.postjobfree.com
281-***-****
Work Experience
Lead Audio Visual Technician Installer
MCAπ - Houston, TX
February 2016 to Present
I was given a crew of men. I over saw the job sites assigned. I would pickup equipment orders, and transport it to the active jobsites. I communicated with Project Manager, and continue to work along side
with the crew on installations of various control systems. I would tag the equipment, and document the tracking of all purchased and installed items for departmental records. I would coordinate with the crew to
effectively meet the deadlines given on each project successfully. Audio Visual Technician Installer
NCS-Network Cabling Service - Houston, TX
June 2014 to January 2016
12626 Fuqua Street, Houston, TX 77034
Phone number 281-***-****
June 2014 to January 2016
Worked in AV equipment, and wiring installations. Many of which were, control systems, presentation systems, and cabling. Tested and repaired, newly installed, or updated equipment to ensure functionality and conformity to specifications. This job required knowledge of equipment needed.
Run CAT 5 and CAT 6, and to test the equipment safely. Installed screens, speakers, and projector screens. I have worked at various University College Stadium campuses in Houston. (University of Houston Central Campus, and Lone Star College Campus in Downtown Houston.) I also was trained and preformed installations of screens for Bush Airport. This required clearance, and training to work within the regulation established by the Airport Transportation Security Administration. Lead Audio Visual Technician Installer
Data Display
3720 Dacoma St.
Houston, TX 77092
Phone number 713-***-****
Specialized in AV
January 2011 to May 2014
equipment, and wiring, installations. Many of which were, control systems, presentation systems, and cabling. Tested and repaired, newly installed, or updated equipment to ensure functionality and conformity to specifications. Mechanical ability to mount equipment to structures, run CAT 5 and CAT 6, and to test the equipment safely as to not damage. Also, did setups for oil
companies at different venues such as Reliant Stadium and OTC. Other duties consisted of permanent installs of projector screens and monitors.
Audio Visual Electronic Installation Technician
ieSmartSystems, L.L.C - Houston, TX
December 2010 to September 2011
15200 E. Hardy Rd #210
Houston, TX 77032
Phone number 281-***-****
December 2010 to September 2011
My job consisted of installing and troubleshooting AV equipment, and wiring. Required knowledge of tools and equipment needed to perform task while utilizing logic and provide effective solutions. Necessary
skills required CAT 5 and CAT 6 connector skills, and a mechanical ability to mount equipment to structure. Posses exceptional knowledge of industry tools used to diagnose and resolve network connectivity /and equipment issues.
Audio Visual Electronic Installation Technician
Noslar T.I - Houston, TX
March 2005 to December 2010
My job included installing and troubleshooting AV equipment, and running wire, to meet specifications. Required knowledge of tools and equipment needed to perform task while utilizing logic and critical thinking to provide effective solutions. Install and troubleshoot audio, video, control systems; presentation
systems, and cabling. Test repaired, newly installed, or updated equipment to ensure functionality and conformity to specifications using test equipment and observation. Proper mounting knowledge was essential.
Education
High School Diploma
John H. Reagan High School - Houston, TX
Skills
Hand Tools

Contact this candidate
