
Mutubuki Faustina Progress
adae4q@r.postjobfree.com
Bairro triangular
Atrás da mesquita
Nacala Porto
Mozambique
+258*********

PERSONAL DETAILS
Date of birth 01 April 1986
Gender. Female
Hobbies Playing chess, socialising and researching

PROFILE
A responsible, trustworthy and highly confidential individual who is to work under minimum supervision and accept correction in carrying out duties and decision making
A fast leaner who is willing to undertake any training necessary for further knowledge and understand.
A focused and result oriented lady with vision, ambition, zeal and passion for excellence.
Good communication skills and interactive team player.

CAREER OBJECTIVE
Aspire to be the best in my career and also in a position where I can arrive, focus and translate into reality objectives of the organization.
To be in a position where I can team and cultivate on my abilities and make meaningful contribution to the greater vision of the organisation and beyond.
To attain and secure high levels of efficiency and quality in all work.

STRENGTHS
Ability to work effectively and harmoniously with colleagues from various cultures and professional backgrounds
Highly computer literate including knowledge of ms word, excel, access, power point, and internet.
Ability to work under pressure
Excellent interpersonal, organizational, communication and team work skills

Professional qualification
Certified Account Technician (ACCA foundation level 1)
Studied with Midlands State University (2015-2016)
Diploma in Adult Education
Studied at Masvingo Polytechnic (2009-2010)
National Certificate in Tourism and Hospitality Management
Diploma in Travel and Tourism
Other courses attended
Sales and Marketing
Customer care Public Relations
Business leadership training with Econet wireless
Employment Profile
WORKING EXPERIENCE
Position Administrative Assistant (April 2014 - December 2018)
Company Monitoring Security Services
Duties and Responsibilities
Answer and direct phone calls
Organize and schedule appointments
Plan meetings and take detailed minutes
Write and distribute email, correspondence memos, letters, faxes and forms
Assist in the preparation of regularly scheduled reports
Develop and maintain a filing system
Update and maintain office policies and procedures
Order office supplies and research new deals and suppliers
Maintain contact lists
Book travel arrangements
Submit and reconcile expense reports
Provide general support to visitors
Act as the point of contact for internal and external clients
Liaise with executive and senior administrative assistants to handle requests and queries from senior managers

Position Data Capturer (February 2012 - April 2014)
Company Pulsonic Investments
Duties and Responsibilities
Preparing and sorting documents for data entry
Entering data into database software and checking to ensure the accuracy of the data that has been inputted
Resolving discrepancies in information and obtaining further information for incomplete documents
Creating data backups as part of a contingency plan
Responding to information requests from authorised members
Testing new database systems and software updates

Position Acting Food and Beverage Controller (2008- 2009 December )
Company Cresta Churchill Hotel Bulawayo Zimbabwe
Duties and Responsibility
Preparing and carrying out weekly stock count for public bar and cocktail bar.
Liaising with the head chef the correct portion control in food and preparing the kitchen daily g.ps.
Calculating GPS for the bar, kitchen and restaurant weekly and monthly.
Stock count for food and beverage department for mid-month and month end.
Balancing food and beverage purchases with the creditor’s clerk at the end of each month.
Provide sales analyses for every item by restaurant on monthly bases.
Controlling the ordering, purchasing and issuing of food and beverages.
Updating pricing of items in bars when necessary.
Ensuring that there is docket control system.
Ensuring that audits are carried out on the point of sale terminals.
Ensure and audit from time to time that official orders have been issued from all goods brought into the hotel.
Ensuring that all beverages required are available.
Was also brand ambassador for ZB bank.

REFERENCES
Cresta Churchill Hotel Accountant
Bulawayo Zimbabwe
Mr M Ncube.
+263-***-*****
Monitoring Security Services. Pulsonic Investment
157 Herbert Chitepo ave. Bulawayo
Masvingo. Mr R Chinaka
Mr W Chikwanda +263*********
+263-*********/ 77305197

Contact this candidate
