
Anita Sladek
949-***-**** adaekj@r.postjobfree.com Little Elm, TX, 75068
PROFESSIONAL PROFILE
OFFICE MANAGEMENT SALES & MARKETING CUSTOMER RELATIONS 10+ years of administrative support and customer-facing experience with special focus in areas office management, sales & marketing, and customer service. Nurtures relationships with clients and gathers critical information to deliver best-in-class service. Strong attention to detail and effectively manages competing priorities in a fast-paced environment. AREAS OF EXPERTISE
● Customer Service ● Accounts Payable/ Accounts Receivable ● Insurance Claims Processing
● Calendar Management ● Business Development ● Sales & Marketing
● Data Entry ● Medicare/Medicaid Benefits ● Vendor Management PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Pharmacy Technician/Customer Service Representative, CVS PHARMACY, Little Elm, TX, 2017- Present Provide customer service over the phone and in-store in a fast-paced environment while accurately calculating dosage, dispensing medications, and preparing labels and fill prescriptions.
Work collaboratively with pharmacists, health care providers, payers to create cost-effective solutions for patients.
Prepare and process insurance claim forms while maintaining accurate patient profile in computer system. Office Manager, FLASH DIRECT, Frisco, TX, 2013-2017 Offered office management support for staff of five. Handled all daily operational functions and procedures including travel arrangements, appointment scheduling, and purchase orders.
Managed accounts payable and receivable; prepared and distributed invoicing to clients and confirmed all payments were made.
Created processes for new hires, assisted in onboarding and training for new employees. Stay-At-Home Mother, Frisco TX, 2004-2013
Accounts Receivable Supervisor, TRINITY GOLF, INC, 2001-2004 Oversaw daily management of order-to-cash functions including billing, invoicing, and collections. Entered customer data for invoicing, applied payments and refunds to account, and made adjustments as needed.
Participated in month-end closing and reviewed journal entries and performed reconciliations.
Set up new vendor and customer accounts and made bank deposits and post updates to accounts accordingly. International Sales Representative, BOTTOM LINE ELECTRONICS, 1998-2001 With a focus on OEM accounts, reached out to new and existing accounts internationally to purchase and sell electronics components. Performed data entry for inventory, orders, purchase orders, invoices and new customer accounts. Customer Service Representative, GB MICRO ELECTRONICS, 1995-1998 Assessed customer needs and provided customized solutions while resolving customer concerns. Sought opportunities to upsell existing clients and generated leads for new business. EDUCATION
Bachelor of Arts in Business Management, Concordia University Bachelor of Arts in Tourism, Champlain College

Contact this candidate
