
Takunda Mudhokwani - Curriculum Vitae

Date of Birth: 23 April 1990
Contact Number: +263-***-***-***
Email: adaedq@r.postjobfree.com
ID: 63-2407006-T-80
Current Residence: Zimbabwe
Citizenship: Zimbabwean

Education:
Microsoft Technology Associate Database Fundamentals
NCC International Diploma in Computer Studies

Work: Zimbabwe Shared Services, Senior Data Analyst / Database Engineer Team Lead
February 2018 to Present

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

I am an eager to continuously learn Data Enthusiast with 6 years solid experience

managing and reporting from data systems, business intelligence design and
development, and data analysis
Proven knowledge of tools: SQL Server database querying and development, SQL

Server BI Stack, Power BI, ELK Stack
T-SQL programming queries, stored procedures, triggers and functions.

Administering multiple SQL Server instances

Configuring, Scheduling and administering routine Jobs, Alerts and Maintenance

Plans.
Implementing Backup & Recovery solutions

Optimising hardware and software for SQL Server

Experience with Performance Tuning and Optimization using native monitoring and

troubleshooting tools
Defining and configuring security and access in SSMS including creating logins,

users, roles, and assigning permission to them

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Databases: SQL Server 2012, SQL Server 2014, SQL Server 2016, MySQL,
Postgres
Programming: T-SQL, MDX, HTML, CSS3, JavaScript
Operating Systems: Windows 7, Windows 8.1, Windows 10, Windows SBS11,
Windows Server 2012, Ubuntu Linux
Other Technologies: Microsoft Azure, Office365, WordPress, Visual Studio 2013,
Visual Studio 17, Visual Studio Team Services, Visual Studio Code, GitLab,
ElasticSearch, Grafana

EDUCATION & CERTIFICATIONS

2013 Microsoft Certified Professional: Microsoft Database Fundamentals
2009-2011 NCC International Diploma in Computer Studies (Speciss College)
2007-2008 A Level (Geography, English Literature) (Gateway High School)
2003-2006 O Levels (St. Johns High Emerald Hill)
2007 Junior Achievement Zimbabwe - Gana Dinero
2006 Education for Life (Deseret International) training in HIV/AIDS
awareness and prevention

Currently pursuing Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate

WORK RELATED TRAINING

2016 Administering Microsoft SQL Server 2012/2014 Databases Adept Training
2015 Querying Microsoft SQL Server 2012/2014 Databases Adept Training
2014 SMART Notebook Intermediate Training

WORK EXPERIENCE

1. Zimbabwe Shared Services
Period: March 2018 - Present
Job Title: Senior Data Analyst / Database Engineer Team Lead
Team Size: 3
Duties:

Team lead responsible for setting up a BI and DBA department to provide all BI

solutions, data management and administration, and problem-solving data/report-
related issues for the company and its clients.
Data warehousing all financial data for local and regional banks from various sources

using proprietary tools and SSIS.
Power BI and SSRS Reports development.

Developing and reviewing stored procedures for reporting.

Finding new products and opportunities for BI Solutions.

Training financial institutions on various reporting systems, including Power BI,

SSRS, and ELK Stack.
Managing database architecture and servers for data warehouses.

Performance tuning for high velocity financial transactions.

Providing high availably of SQL Server databases by mirroring and replication.

Developing monitoring dashboards in ELK stack and Power Bi for DBAs and First

Line Support.
Enabling automation for fraud detection

Analysing data for supporting business decisions.

Managing Git Repositories for all reports.

Ensuring sensitive data is always encrypted in SQL Server.

Deploying SQL Server Instances on Windows, Docker, and Linux.

2. Newlands Clinic (Ruedi Luethy Foundation)
Period: January 2013 February 2018
Job Title: Data Officer
Team size: 4
Duties:

Producing SSRS reports for business intelligence and reporting to Ruedi Luethy
Foundation, Ministry of Health Zimbabwe, National Aids Council, IeDEA, and
World Health Organisation
SQL Server Database Administration and managing maintenance plan for optimal
performance
Implementing and monitoring backup, disaster recovery and high availability
solutions
Creation of test environment for new feature deployment and testing of new
functionality
Implementing early warning alerts and monitoring systems for SQL Server
Initiation and leading the implementation of DevOps procedures and Agile based
application life cycle management
Working with Microsoft support on trouble of database or application server
Performance tuning and optimization using native SQL tools
Troubleshooting and resolving bottlenecks and deadlocks in SQL Server
Designing of various technical documents including Release Management SOP
and Upgrade Plans
Providing technical support and mentorship to Newlands Clinic partners including
Ministry of Health and Population Services International
Basic computer literacy training
Network support and configuration

4. Humambo Group (Johannesburg, South Africa)
Period: January 2011 December 2012
Job title: Junior IT
Technician Team size: 2

Duties:

Installing and configuring computer hardware, software, systems, networks,

printers and scanners
Talking to clients and computer users to determine the nature of any

problems they encounter
Investigating, diagnosing and solving computer software and hardware faults

Managing stocks of equipment, consumables and other supplies.

Maintaining network diagrams and connectivity records.

Maintaining client support logs

PROFESSIONAL MEMBERSHIPS

Association for Computing Machinery: Member number 9755292
REFERENCES

1. Mr Kundai Pfende
IT Manager - Newlands Clinic
adaedq@r.postjobfree.com
+263-*-***-***

2. Mr George Mande Humambo Group
adaedq@r.postjobfree.com
+27-12-003-****

Contact this candidate
