
ZUBAIR AHAMED LOKKU ABDUL AHAD
*
https://www.linkedin.com/in/zubair-ahamed-lokku-089aa9183/
Mobile:- +974-******** Date of Birth: 02/07/1982, Nationality: Indian Live in : Doha, Qatar
EXPERTISE:
Project Management, Time Management,Team work, Verbal & Written Communication,Negotiation, Leadership, Public Speaking, Critical thinking, Service Management,Budgeting, Innovation, Customer Service,Commercial awareness CJE SKILLS & STRENGTHS:
Ability to handle, Manage, Plan, Organize any kind of issues and find a consistent way to fix and solve the issues, Interpersonal skills to interact with customers and team members, Communication skills, Ability to work independently and as part of a team, Willingness to travel. LANGUAGES: English(Fluent),Spanish(Basic),Tamil(Fluent), Hindi(Fluent),Arabic(Basic),Malayalam(Fluent),Urdu(Fluent) EXPERIENCES:
Organization : Z.Shade Co . California U.S.A
Designation : Project & Sales Co-Ordinator
ZUBAIR AHAMED LOKKU ABDUL AHAD
2
JOB INVOLVES :
1. Estimate for projects and products by analyzing costs, materials, labor, bid documentation, and specifications associated with each project.
2. Design, implement, and maintain cost estimating database(s). 3. Review drawings and specifications to determine costs and assists in value management on projects. 4. Provide reports on various projects ranging from small to large scale by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing cost information and trends.
5. Provide technical guidance and direction to project managers in regards to specialized methodologies, techniques, principles, and/or processes related to estimating.
6. Perform miscellaneous job-related duties as assigned. 7. Able to read architectural plans and develop cost estimates. 8. Proficiency with MS Word and Excel.
9. Excellent problem-solving skills.
10. Prepare the main contract packages.
11. Take off quantities using Autocad and takeoff software i.e. Planswift software. 12. Administrations of the Engineer comments on the submittals and highlight the impact 13. Prepare the contract packages Bill of Quantities. 14. Assist in making estimates for quantity and costs of materials required 15. ·Estimate budget for the project work
16. Evaluate costs for maintenance and additional building needs 17. Perform any other task as may be required
Organization : Vacaville Food and Spirits, Inc.U.S.A Designation : Retail Manager
JOB INVOLVES :
Supervisors coordinate the activity of other retail employees and are in charge of recruiting and training staff, assigning tasks, conducting meetings, accounting, safety guidelines, and taking disciplinary action when necessary 18. Greets customers including answering phones and directing customer inquiries to appropriate party. 19. Answers routine billing questions/issues from customers. 20. Receives and processes all payments according to standard procedures. 21. Assists in the opening and closing of a retail location which includes and but not limited to cash handling and deposits. 22. Informs customers about services available and assesses customer needs. 23. Examine products being purchased for damages and price accuracy. 24. Coordinate with retail staff for product inquiries ansd price checks. Process receipts and in store coupons for customers. 25. Resolve escalated issues with angry customers. ZUBAIR AHAMED LOKKU ABDUL AHAD
3
26. Train and sometimes supervise new cashiers& all professional staffs, retail workers. Assists in the maintenance of store front and retail display. Completes, processes, and maintains applicable paperwork and records. 27. maintaining statistical and financial records
28. dealing with customer queries and complaints
29. overseeing pricing and stock control
30. maximizing profitability and setting/meeting sales targets, including motivating staff to do so 31. ensuring compliance with health and safety legislation 32. preparing promotional materials and displays
33. liaising with head office
Organization : 7-Eleven (2017 – 2018)
Designation : Team Lead Manager
JOB INVOLVES :
Maintain an exceptional store experience for franchisee’s guests. From coaching and training franchisee’s employees, to making sound operational business decisions, oversee all aspects of franchisee’s individual store as determined by the franchisee. the responsibilities may include:
Ensure sufficient staffing levels to meet the needs of your franchisee’s guests, Recruit, train and develop staff Develop strong vendor relations, Maintain a clean, properly stocked and merchandised store, Promote 7-Eleven to your guests and community, Maximize sales and profits, Identify and resolve sales obstacles,Manage and maintain proper inventory levels and controls. Organization : Emirates Tents and Tensile Shade Structure (2009 – 2013) Designation : Sales Operation & Project Manager
JOB INVOLVES :
1. Direct Visit to the site with Surveying team and client to explain such a design which is suitable to that particular area and make spot Concept sketch to understand client and give brief explanation about our fabric,structures and all other related topics 2. Prepare Maximum 2 Concept drawing with the help of Engineering Department, 3. Estimating and planning the structures which should satisfy our client budget and Comparision of market prize. 4. Attend Meeting with Consultant/Contractor for finalizing designs,Load calculation necessary or approval of shop drawings and give brief explanation and all other meetings related to the projects. ZUBAIR AHAMED LOKKU ABDUL AHAD
4
5.Procrument
6. Involves in structure Installation and instruct technician about procedures for erections during construction stage 7. Prepare technical documentation and procedural guidelines. 8. Reviewed contracts, specification, design, materials, equipment & instrumentation. 9. Checking Quality of materials like Fabric Patterns,Swaged Terminal stud rods,welded fabrics and steel fabrication as per our company standard and as per ASTM procedures.
10. Prepare,check and authorize fabrication drawings for manufacturing. 11. Final Inspection on the site handover to the Client and if any snag found rectify on same day before handover to the client 12. Follow-up with clients for the jobs, outstanding Payments and to collect feedbacks about maintenance situations 13. Liaised with Certifying Authorities, clients,contractors,vendors and constructors 14. Lead design team of engineer & draftsman to meet projects dead line. 15. Prepare and submit shop drawings along with the technical documentation and their sample boards for approval. 16.Coordinates activities of functional areas or of department account leads to ensure that business solution requirements are met. 17.Provides assistance in interpreting demand forecasts and planning; works with team members to provide high quality specifications for complete end-to-end project delivery. Escalates issues and recommends adjustments. 18.Maintains records of account specific application problems and assists in prioritizing work requests. Identifies and researches process changes or adjustments and escalates accordingly.
Organization : Bait Alnokhada Tents and Fabric Shade Industries L.L.C, ( 2006 – 2009) Designation : Assistant Manager & Project Executive JOB INVOLVES:
1. Sales & Marketing Co-Founder
2. Preparing B.O.Q, & other related work in manufacturing side, 3 Conducting Weekly meeting to discuss about the ongoing projects. 4. The issues of budget, scheduling, and quality-control, scope of work and other plans. ZUBAIR AHAMED LOKKU ABDUL AHAD
5
5. Prepare and submit shop drawings along with the technical documentation and their sample boards for approval. 6. Coordinate the company training and development initiatives including the setting up of a resource centre 7. Involvement in the day-to-day business operation such as customer service,display, personal, training, valuation and business development
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:
Master of Business administration, From Alagappa University, India (Incomplete) Bachelor of Corporate Secretary ship, from THE NEW College, Chennai [Madras University Govt. of India]. High school-St antonys higher secondary school, India I do hereby declare that, the details furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. ZUBAIR

Contact this candidate
