
A compassionate and sincere health care professional.
Birmingham, AL
adaff5@r.postjobfree.com
256-***-****
Reliable, team oriented, service focused nursing professional with excellent patient care skills gained through 17 years of experience as a CNA/PCT/MHT. Technically skilled in attending to patients in diverse healthcare settings. Love challenges so I can come up with problem solving solutions.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Work Experience

CERTIFIED NURSING ASSISTANT/ MENTAL HEALTH TECH
TRANSITIONAL CARE UNIT/NURSING HOME/SENIOR BHAVIORAL UNIT - Sylacauga, AL
April 2016 to Present
Assist residents in activities of daily living. Vital signs get patients ready for therapy. If needed transport patients to and from TCU to emergency room.
Work on senior behavior unit with residents who are mentally challenged, Alzheimer's Disease, depressed, forgetful, and aggressive. I also monitor and keep log of patients whereabouts every 15 minutes. Log in patients belongings, give showers, activities, feed, assist with activities of daily living. Take vital signs, weight every Monday. Also works on Senior Behavior Unit for psych patients as well as Alzheimers and mentally challenged individuals.

Substitute Teacher
Alexander City Board of Education - Alexander City, AL
March 2012 to Present
Substituted students from grades K-12th
• Implement lesson plans created by the teacher
• Helped students with homework and classroom assignments, made sure students were safe
• Made sure they were in class on time
• Worked with mentally challenged kids etc.
• Assist special needs and mentally challenged students

Certified Nursing Assistant (CNA)
Bill Nicolas State Veterans Home - Alexander City, AL
August 2001 to December 2014
Responsibilities
I was PRN and I worked on and off whenever they needed me. Assist residents in activities of daily
living. Charted BM, I&O, reported problems to the charge nurse, fed, clothed, vitals signs, communicate with residents, used hoyer lifts to get residents in and out of bed, body audits, prepared trays etc. Also
worked with mentally challenged veterans. Took veterans to the doctor Tuskeegee, Birmingham, and
Montgomery

Accomplishments
Making the patients feel that they were important and they were somebody

Skills Used
Nursing Assistant skills

Urinalysis Technician/
Kelly Services Urine Processor - Montgomery, AL
February 2012 to February 2014
Collects specimen from patients and test for illegal drugs
• Triage patients
• Demographics on patients
• Complete requisition form
• Collect personal information insurance payments
• Excellent customer service skills
•Urine and oral test
•At end of shift boxed the specimen in sealed bags and made sure
specimens were sent off in timely manner.

Externship Medical Assistant
Jackson Hospital - Montgomery, AL
September 2011 to October 2011
Responsibilities
Triage patients, scheduled appointments, filed papers, checked customers in and out scheduled
patients appointments. Debit and cash transactions. Received insurance cards and payments, cleaned
rooms for doctor. Assist while doctor was doing examinations. Gave injections, phlebotomy, great
customer service skills.

Accomplishments
I was able to learn what it meant to be a medical assistant and how important and essential it is to learn all the basics in a doctors office environment.

Skills Used
Customer service skills
Medical assistant skills/training
Education
Suggestion: update "certified nursing assistant" to "Nursing Assistant"
Edit
Dismiss

Diploma in Medical Assistant in Certified Nursing Assistant
Fortis College - Montgomery, AL
2010 to 2011

High school or equivalent in MATH ENGLISH AND READING (BASICS)
COOSA CENTRAL HIGH SCHOOL - Rockford, AL
January 1994 to March 1998

Contact this candidate
