
**** ***** **** *****
Apt. ***
Charlotte, NC ***27
404-***-****
adaff0@r.postjobfree.com
KAYLA N. NIXON, CPT
OBJECTIVE

To obtain a challenging and rewarding position as a Phlebotomy Technician in a facility where I can apply knowledge and experience, while being offered an opportunity for professional growth and advancement.
SKILLS & ABILITIES

Seven years of experience as a Medical Assistant and Phlebotomist. Skillful and precise in performing venipunctures and capillary punctures; collecting, preparing, and storing blood samples; and verifying medical records.
Possess excellent patient-relation skills- known for having a gentle touch and the ability to alleviate patient anxieties.
Able to provide nursing services including administering medications and injections to patients as directed by supervisors.

Key Competencies:
Venipuncture & Capillary Puncture
Blood Collection & Handling Safety
Medical Records Review
Blood Specimen Storage
Patient & Donor Care
Quality Assurance & Controls

EXPERIENCE

Float Phlebotomist, Carolina Medical Lab
July 2018 – August 13, 2019
Performs venipunctures in Nursing homes and Physicians offices in Charlotte and surrounding counties. Transports the collected samples to the central processing lab in Charlotte. Covering callouts and vacation time requested by standard Phlebotomy staff.

Phlebotomist, Passport Healthcare
Feb. 2016 – Current
Travel to assist with routine immunizations, specialty vaccines, passport and visa services, flu and other vaccine onsite events, biometric screenings, lab test services, and vaccination records management services.

Phlebotomist, Piedmont Atlanta Hospital
Aug. 2016- Feb. 2017
Collects, labels, and processes patient specimens following strict protocol for the collection of blood samples, including patient identification and universal infection control procedures. Ensures the accurate labeling of all specimens according to protocol. Maintains and inspects supply levels to ensure immediate availability. Performs related responsibilities as required.

Phlebotomist, LabCorp
May 2013- April 2016
Collects, labels, and processes patient specimens following strict protocol for the collection of blood samples, including patient identification and universal infection control procedures. Ensures the accurate labeling of all specimens according to protocol. Proficient in the following: blood collection by venipuncture and capillary technique from patients of all age groups, urine drug screen collections, paternity collections, breath/saliva alcohol testing, LCM/Cyber Tools, TestCup, pediatric blood collections, and difficult draws(patients in long-term care facilities, drug rehabilitation facilities, prisons, psychiatric facilities, or similar facilities

Clinical Research Phlebotomist, Emory University
March 2013- May 2014
Collects, labels, and processes patient specimens following strict protocol for the collection of blood samples, including patient identification and universal infection control procedures. Ensures the accurate labeling of all specimens according to protocol. Maintains and inspects supply levels to ensure immediate availability. Performs related responsibilities as required.

HOSPICE CNA, ODYSSEY HOSPICE
Jan. 2012 – May 2013
Provide consistent care with written instructions; maintain records of patient care, condition, and advancement. Take vitals and provide comfort for patient and family during the end stages of life.
MEDICAL ASSISTANT (PRN), FAMILY PRACTICE DOCTOR’S
Sept. 2011- May 2013
Administrative duties (e.g., answering phones, scheduling appointments, maintaining medical records, and patient processing). Taking patient medical histories and vital signs, as well as performing venipunctures, injections, and various diagnostic procedures and ancillary tests. Ensured the cleanliness and sanitation of all facilities, exam rooms, and equipment.
EDUCATION

CAREER CONSULTANTS, LLC. – ATLANTA, GA – PHLEBOTOMY TECHNICIAN CERTIFICATION
UNITED EDUCATION INSTITUTE – MORROW, GA – MEDICAL ASSISTING DIPLOMA
Awards: Perfect Attendance and Lab Team Leader
AMERICAN PROFESSIONAL INSTITUTE – DULUTH, GA – CERTIFIED NURSING ASSISTANT
Awards: Perfect Attendance
CERTIFICATIONS: CNA, PHLEBOTOMY TECHNICIAN, MEDICAL ASSISTANT, CPR, FIRST AID, OSHA, AND HIPPA

Contact this candidate
