
RICHARD P. RAMILO
Block * Lot ** Landmark Estate II Parian,Calamba,Laguna,Philippines.
Mobile No. : 099******** or 091******** Email Add: adafhk@r.postjobfree.com

JOB OBJECTIVE :
Attain a room for professional growth and advancement, to further enhance my knowledge and skills in other area of specialization. Constantly improve personal standards of the quality of work and have highly responsibilities in job.

WORK EXPERIENCE :

Prosafe Offshore - Northern Marine Date: Sept 24, 2018 – July 17, 2019
Position : Accommodation Technician Department : Engine Length - 10 months
DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES :
Regular checking of accommodation defects logs and reporting to shipboard Management.
Prioritized repair and maintenance of domestic and accommodation facilities.
Responsible for Carpentry works such as wallpaper,vinyl/carpet installation,woodworking/modification.grouting,coving re-tiles,re-silicone,plexiglass,drywall.
Responsible of Plumbing such as, Assemble,install and repair pipes, fittings and fixtures of heating, black and gray water drainage systems,vacuum system and jets vacuumerator.
Install and repair plumbing fixtures such as sinks, bathtubs, water heaters, hot water tanks, garbage disposal units/macerator,dishwashers and water filters.
Inspect & repair various energy systems, such as the heating & cooling systems(Air Handling Unit) and Galley equipments.
Responsible for Planned Maintenance System schedule base on the Star IPS database.
In cooperation with the storekeeper to maintain minimum levels of domestic and accommodation spare parts and consumables items.
Windstar Cruises Date : November 5, 2016 – July 29, 2018
Position : Senior Carpenter Department : DECK Length – 1yr and 8mos.
DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES :
Responsible for the maintenance & repairs of furniture of guests & crew accommodations,Public areas such as : bars,theater,lounges,restaurants,and all other venues throughout the ship.
Responsible for Guests,Crew,Locker,Pantry Room w/ electronic door locks & other mechanical locks cases and door handles.
Adjustment and tightening of various hinges door limiter and other mechanical related.
Responsible for wallpaper,carpeting,cabinetry,modification.grouting,coving re-tiles,re-silicone.

Royal Caribbean Cruise Lines ( RCCL ) Date : May 12, 2013 – April 22, 2016
Position: Carpenter Department: Facilities / Marine Length- 3years
DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES :
Responsible for the maintenance & repairs of furniture of guests & crew accomodations,Public areas such as : bars,theater,lounges,restaurants,and all other venues throughout the ship.
Responsible for Guests,Crew Cabin, Locker, Pantry Room with electronic door locks and other mechanical locks cases and door handles.
Measure,cut / shape wood,plastic,fiberglass,Aluminum,plexiglass,drywall,Formica sheets.
Adjustment and tightening of various hinges door limiter and other mechanical related.
Responsible for wallpaper,carpeting,cabinetry,modification.grouting,coving re-tiles,re-silicone.
Maintain the quality of the appearance of the wood on the ship.
Work under (AVO) Avoid Verbal Order system and maybe assigned in other duties.

Al Banjer & Anjad Plastic Factory ( Saudi Arabia ) Date: July 12,2009 – Dec 26, 2012
Position: Maintenance Technician Department : Maintenance Length- 3.5years
DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES :
Perform regular preventive maintenance on machines, equipment and plant facilities.
Handles and performs Preventive Maintenance and Corrective Action by schedule are, PET/PP TechnoStrapping Extruder machine.Recycle machine for granulation.
For Equipments such as Compressor,Chiller,CoolingTower,Pressuretank.
Electromechanical Strapping machine,Mixer,Condur,Winder,Autovacuum,WaterPump,
VacuumPump,Centrifugal Pump,Hotplate/Measuring,High/Low power scopes.
Perform a variety of plumbing maintenance and carpentry functions.
Maintain and monitor the machine & equipments parts on the stocklist.
Responsible for requisition of the parts for equipments and machines.

TDK Phils ( Semiconductor ) Date March 16, 2005 – April 30, 2009
Position : Equipment Maintenance Technician Dept : Equipment Engineering Length- 4years
DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES :
Prepare required operation & daily inspection for Machines & Equipments.
Handles and performs Preventive Maintenance and Corrective Action.
Perform mechanical,electrical,pneumatic,hydraulic,troubleshootingand repair of production machines.

Fujitsu FCCP ( Semiconductor ) Date: Sept 26, 2000 – March 16,2005
Position : Production Operator Dept. : Photo Vacuum Length - 4.5 years
DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES :
Perform a variety of functions in the production of semiconductor devices.
Set-up, operate, load, and monitor specialized equipment to ensure quality product is produced.
Perform tasks in various areas of your assigned work location.
Responsible for monitoring equipment operation, maintaining supply levels, inspecting final product, cleaning the work environment, and performing light data entry.
Other Skills :
Machines and equipments Lay out,Set-up,Installation, and check estimate materials need.
Installation and terminate of heavy duty cable wire base on machines and equipments. requirements at Main panel Board up to 5000 amperes / up to 440 voltage.
Electrical wiring installation for service breaker & circuit breaker w/ Electrical metal tubing.
Installation of electrical lighting systems such as Ceiling Lights,photocell, lighting Fixtures and dome lights.
Assist IT Engineer for Set up/Installation of Computer,telephone and Internet connection.
Other Knowledges :
Can use measuring tools such as Level Gauge,Height gauge,depth gauge,radius gauge.
Digital/Analog clampmeter,TDS meter,Multi tester and other electrical mechanical instruments.
Can read electrical and schematic diagram(Basic).Experience in overhead cranes using for injection mold settings and drive forklift.
Can Operate Mech. Machines such as Lathe Machines,Drill Press,Grinding Machine.
Computer Literate such as Microsoft excel, Microsoft word,Power Point,PDF and photo editing.
Knowledge of the safety regulations and working in a hazardous area.
PERSONAL INFORMATION:
Educational Background : VOCATIONAL - Don Bosco College At CalambaCity,Laguna,Philippines
Course : Industrial Mechanic
Birthday : August 07, 1982 Age : 37
Religion : Roman Catholic Weight : 80 kgs.
Height : 5’7 1/2 ft Language Spoken : English/Filipino/Arabic

REFERENCE:
Name : Mr. Napoleon Baradas Position : Brgy.Captain of Paciano Calamba Laguna
Name : Mr. Ramil Hernandez Position : Governor of Laguna
Name : Mr.Federico Manato Position : Maintenance Manager of Modern Plastic factory in Saudi Arabia

RICHARD P. RAMILO

Contact this candidate
