
KISHOR N. MAKWANA

Personal Detail

Father’s Name :NathabhaiMakwana

Date of Birth : 5th June, 1978

Nationality : Indian

Religion :Hindu

Sex : Male

Marital status : Married

Passport No : G4328322

Passport Exp. Date : 25.07.2017

Languages Known:English, Hindi,
Gujarati.

Permanent Address:
KishorbhaiNathabhaiMakwana
At- Bhayavadar, Tal : Upleta,
B/h. Govt. Hospital,
Dist.- Rajkot, Gujarat(INDIA)
Pin -360450

Temporary Address :
At-Sikka, Gokulpuri Society,
Nr. Krishna School,
Dist.- Jamnagar, Gujarat-361140.

Mobile: +91-972*******
940-***-****

Email:
adafyl@r.postjobfree.com

CURRICULAM VITAE

Objective
l The main objective in my carrier development in Electrical Field for this Purpose I Shall purse a job which requires me to remain in touch and updated with latest technologies in the field of my interest and provide me an opportunity to continually expand my knowledge.

EDUCATIONQUALIFICATION
(GSEB) Gandhinagar. Gujarat. pass class. Year of passing-1994.
I.T.I. Dhoraji (GTSH). Gujarat. In 1st class. Year of passing-1997.
Diploma in Electrical Engg. from AIMES, Vadodara (Gujarat) in year of July-2005.
TECHNICAL EXPOSURES
COMPUTER AWARENESS:
Dos,Windows-98-2000-2007,Xp&Internet Relate
Knowledge

Career Profile
Organization:Excel Technical Services
Designation:Electrical Supervisor (Specialist Kone Crane Maint.)
Experience :14.08.2012 to 15.08.2015

Organization: HPCL –( Mittal Energy Ltd ) Under - AEPL (Punjab)
Designation : Electrical Executive ( O&M)
Experience : 31.11.2011 to 07.08.2012

Organization:T.S.Engineering
Designation :Electrical Supervisor (Kone Crane & Lift Maint.)
Experience : 30.03.2011 to 28.11.2011

Organization: U.B.Engineering (Sudan Site at 10@125MW)
Designation : Electrical Sr. Technician (O &M)
Experience : 25.02.2009 to 13.04.2010

Organization: B & B (RPL Site, Jamnagar)
Designation : Electrical Sr. Technician
Experience :21.06.2007 to 21.06.2008

Organization:Mistry Construction(RPL Site, Jamnagar)
Designation : Electrical sr. Technician(O &M)
Experience : Feb. 1998 to 1999
.

Organization:Suresh Electrical (KPT Site, Vadinar)
Designation :Electrical sr. Technician(O &M)
Experience : July 1997 to Aug. 1999

Responsible for all electrical Operation, electrical equipment maintenance and installation such as HT&LT motors, all types switchgear, Transformer, Digital MOV, Etc……

SKILL SET:
Having an experience and knowledge in Projects, Pre-Commissioning, Commissioning, Maintenance, Operation & Troubleshooting of wide rangeElectrical Equipment installed in OIL, GAS&POWER Plant.

ROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

(1)Knowledge Of Work and Job Responsibility:

Kone Crane Maintenance PM, CM, Rope Replacement & Trouble Shooting specialist.
Mespero Elevator PM, CM, Rope Replacement & Trouble Shooting specialist.
PM and CM for PowerTransformar&Distribution transformer(31.5 MVA &2mva )( Make-Voltame )
Maintenance of HT & LT Motors Up to 4100KW. (Make ABB, CGL, BHEL).
Knowledgeof Tempery supply arrangement and disbutation all electrical equipment for shut-down job.
Knowledge of HT/LT Isollacation and Restorcation as per chack- sheet for IQMS stardent.
Knowledge DCS based plant control system.
Condition monitoring Of HT & LT Motors, Transformer& Neutral grounding resistance panel.
PM Of Switchboard, PCC, PMCC, & MCC.
PM Of All Types Of ACB, VCB, Circuit Breakers & MCC Module.(ABB,SIEMENS,L&T,AREVA)
Knowledge of Cable Lying, Gladding, Termination, & Jointing Up to 400 sq. mm.
Maintenance of Motor Operated Valve.( Make ROTROK-( IQ)& ‘K’ Range. Other AUMA INDIA Make MOV Maintance&Trubleshutting) in COKER Plant.
Maintenance of EOT Crane Up to 5 Ton to 15 Ton.
CM of Capacitor bank .
Knowledge of Transformer protection, & Motor protection.
Thermograph in panel, &Transformer yard.
Plant lighting maintenance (HPSV, HPMV, Flameproof fittings, Street lighting & its CKT rectification)
Microprocessor Base Advance Protection Relay (SIMENS Relay- 7sj61,and 3rb12).
Knowledge OF Programmable Logic Control & Distribute Control System.
Trouble shooting of all type feeders.
Knowledge of transformer oil sampling and BDV Test.
Knowledge Coke handling system&RuhrPumpenpakge electrical cautting system.
Knowledgecoker plant electrical system & process active.

(2)Work Site Activity

Routine Maintenance, Inspection, Commissioning, and Troubleshooting of HT / LT Motors and Protective relays,
Identify areas of obstruction / breakdowns and taking steps to rectify the equipment through application of troubleshooting tools Perform first line maintenance and reporting faults on electrical equipment.
Conduct regular inspections to ensure adherence to regulatory norms and safety standards.
Identify, prepare and apply electrical isolations.
Prepare Daily maintenance equipment status Log. Frequently update of all engineering change system. Ensure that the PM, CFT checklist are filled and all audit documents are up to date.
Overseeing installation, testing, maintenance and overhauling of electrical equipment in use by using precision test equipment and other tools.
Participate in Job Safety Analysis (JSA) process and review conclusions.
Apply STOP techniques and working practices during daily activity.
Monitor construction work sites for compliance with Permit to Work and company standards.
Document review e.g. Maintenance Procedures, modification work packs etc.
Ensure that all records/logs/certificates are maintained and updated to provide evidence of terminal conformance to Cairn India HSE standards.
Participate in MoC review process.
Support commissioning and optimization of new and modified plant.
Maintenance of site and area Certified Equipment e.g. electrical distribution.
Construction and pre-commissioning where the work will be agreed and led by the Maintenance Superintendent or Vendor.

(3)Other Skills

General Knowledge of Various Types of Permit System.
Electrical Equipment Handling In Hazardous Area.
Equipment Service Sheet For Each Equipment.
Various Check List of PM/CM Job on Electrical Systems.
Maintaining ISO report & prepare ISO document like list equipment, daily logbook, historical record, shift logbook, maintenance logbook, and shout down & break down job report etc.
To attend weekly meeting with higher authorities, discuss with them and keep my views in front of them
Analysis of major break downs on electrical system recommended & implement necessary steps to avoid re occurrence and incidents.

(4)HOBBIES :-
I like playing cricket.
I like to Reading knowledge books.

(5)DECLARATION: -

I hear by declare that all the statement furnished by me in this resume is true to
The best of my knowledge and believes.

YourFathfully
KishorMakwana

Contact this candidate
