
Ahmard Kwasi Klement Ackie El
A Free and Sovereign Moorish American National, In Propria Persona, Sui Juris, and Sui Hæredes,
In Solo Proprio: Northwest Amexem / Northwest Africa / North America: All Rights Reserved; U.C.C. 1-207; U.C.C. 1-303; U.C.C. 1-103.
Lenapehoking
[New Castle County, Delaware Territory zip exempt]
302-***-****
adafea@r.postjobfree.com

Objective
To obtain a position in a field relatable to my skills and abilities with a growth oriented, progressive, future-minded organization.

Experience
01/19-present
Veteran Landscape
Recruited for groundwork and equipment preperation
11/16- 08/17
Adecco Staffing
Selected for the repair technician position at CTDI for their WI-FI project repairing Comcast modem/routers using soldering techniques along with assemble and disassemble of touch-screen tablets, and BGA machine operation.
01/16- 08/16
Placers
Hired for work at W.L. Gore and Associates, Inc. to prepare high performance coaxial cable assemblies for defense, aerospace, space, and other similarly demanding applications.
01/14- 03/15
Synerfac Technical Staffing
Hired by Synerfac as an electromechanical technician to work at Ametek-Process Instruments. Assembled and tested ultra high purity gas analyzers. Worked on Trace, Moisture, and Photo product lines.
03/12-12/13
Checkpoint Systems
Selected as an EAS repair technician. Repaired circuit boards using through-hole and surface mount soldering for EAS devices. Tested circuit boards using oscilloscopes, multimeters, and testing “jigs”.
11/11-11/11
Adecco Staffing
Contacted by Adecco Staffing for an assignment opportunity with CTDI as a repair technician. Repaired different model Comcast receiver boxes and did surface-mount and through hole soldering.. Diagnosed, assembled, cleaned, and voltage tested these instruments.
08/07-06/11
Customer Service Associates
Selected by CSA to work at Agilent Technologies as a bench/electronic technician in their North American Field Repair Center. Diagnosed, cleaned, assembled, tested, and final inspected the Automated Liquid Sampler products.(electro-mechanical instruments) Learned valuable skills in teamwork, multi-tasking, and attention to detail with a large, growing, cutting-edge company.
02/07-07/07
Galaxy 1 Marketing, Inc.
Contracted by Galaxy 1 to install, service, and troubleshoot Dish Network television systems. Traveled the Philadelphia area (PA & DE) installing and servicing systems in homes and businesses. Gained experience traveling the area. Acquired good customer skills.

Skills and Abilities
Test and Construct circuits using discrete components, integrated circuits (IC’s), and microcontrollers.
Troubleshoot and test components and circuits using oscilloscope, waveform generator, spectrum analyzer, power supply, and multimeter.
Ability to read schematics.
Surface-mount and through-hole soldering experience down to the component level.
Operation of BGA machine.
Knowledge of ultra-high purity gas analyzers from parts per million to parts per trillion.
Operated video and multi-sensor, laser measurement system for calibrating and coordinating sampler trays (Optical Gauging).
Constructed micro-piping systems.
Used spectrum laser along with working in “clean room” environments.
Diagnosing, cleaning, assembling, testing, and inspecting electro-mechanical instruments.(ALS- automated liquid sampler, Autoinjectors, sampler trays, controllers, and a/d converters)
Completed course in shielded metal arc(stick) welding. Acquired a grasp of stringer beads, weave beads, and overlapping beads with horizontal, vertical, and overhead fillet welds.
Gained experience installing, servicing, and troubleshooting Satellite Telecommuniction systems.
Have experience with Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint, and Microsoft Word software titles.
Has experience assembling and taking apart personal computers.
Demonstrated ability as a “quick-learner”.
Exhibited dexterity.
Familiarity with OSHA, ISO, MSDS, GMP

Education
11/04- 03/07
DeVry University
1140 Virginia Dr
Fort Washington, PA 19034
Associate in Applied Science degree in Electronics and Computer Technology
Graduated on 03/02/07.
Honors: Dean’s List

Contact this candidate
