
Applicant’s Name : Belarmino E. Maraon Country : PHILIPPINES
Date of Birth : May 13, 1961 Civil Status : Married
E-mail : adaffb@r.postjobfree.com Contact : 006***********

Objective: To build more solid structure of skills and expertise in field electrical,
mechanical and other related field that acquired in those years on several
company with deferent nature of business. Further, is to
pursue in achieving the growth and stability of the company, I work
with.
.
SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS:
Over 34 years’ experience in the field of Electrical and mechanical On high rise building Construction, Power Plant, Food Processing Plant, Vessel fabrication Company, handling electrical and mechanical in Installation Operation and Maintenance, including the repair.
Installation, testing,commissioning and Maintenance including repair of mechanical and electrical equipment, such as MV Substation, Switch gear, Stand by Generator, Chiller and etc. components, Air handling unit (AHU), HRU, FCU components and controls, Water softener, Pressure / Exhaust fans, Access door control, Fire Alarm system and BMS monitoring and control. Emergency Lights system, MICC wiring and etc.
Work on high rise building, lightning protection/ grounding, laying pipes and boxes and etc for power, light, cctv, communication system and fire alarms systems and other services along the slab, column and walls. Includes the final installation testing commissioning as well as operation of all electrical components controls and equipment and etc.
Working in Power Plant and Vessel Fabrication Plant,handling Installation, testing, commissioning,Operation, Maintenance and Repair of Electrical and Mechanical equipment, such as Electric Generators, Sub-station switch gear control and etc., high and medium voltage circuit breaker,MCC, Reduce voltages starter, VFD control, several pumps, blowers or Fans Conveyors, Crusher/grinding machine,Boilers and etc. components, Air Compressors, several control Valves and etc.
Installation, operation, maintenance and repair of Mechanical and Electrical Instrument and equipment. Like PRV, Electric driven valve, Pneumatic valve, Hydraulic driven valve and pumps, several manual valves etc.
Have skill and knowledge in Installation, Operation Maintenance of Manual, semi-automatic and/or fully automated Welding equipment such as Gas Tungsten Arc Welding (GTAW), Shielded Metal Arc Welding (SMAW), Flux-Cores Arc Welding (FCAW), Plasma Arc Welding (PAW), Oxy-Acetylene (OAW), and Submerged Arc Welding (SAW), manual or semi-automatic flame-Cutting equipment, oxygen and cutting equipment (arc-air) and drill presses.
Other skills are Ship (LT/vessel)Electrician, Building Electrician, Electrical Rewinding (electric motors, Generators (ac& dc),Transformers, etc.),mobile equipment tech., some Electronics Repair, Plumber/pipe fitters, Welder (arc and tig)

EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT (COLLEGE/UNIVERSITY)
Graduate/Diploma of Bachelor in Science in Industrial technology/Industrial Electricity

GOVERNMENT LICENSURE
Registered Master Electrician– PRC License no. 15430

WORK EXPERIENCE:

COMPANY NAME ENGINEERS FOR TECHNICAL AND OIL SERVICES
EMPLOYMENT DATE .November 29, 2018 to May 29, 2019
COUNTRY Tripoli, Libya

COMPANY PROFILE……… Accomplish several project on EEL FEEL, ACACUS,
MABROUK oil extracting plant, provide
maintenance services and consultancy

JOB TITLE Electrical Technician/Foreman

DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES;
Handling installation, maintenance, repair and rehabilitation of electrical machinery’s
and equipment
Assist of mechanical installation on the field, fabrication facilities and
offices.
Install pumps and control, Lighting and air conditioning unit.
Performing of plumbing and masonry works.

COMPANY NAME Construction Development Corporation (CDC)
EMPLOYMENT DATE Jan. 28, 2008 --- March 17, 2018
COUNTRY Doha, Qatar

COMPANY PROFILE Known on Construction of high rise building in any part of
Qatar such as known Al-fardan Plaza and twin towers, Bagel.
Al-Qassar, Pearl Qatar tower, 5 towers of west bay St.
Regis hotel, Kempenski (Mara malas), Doha New port
Project, (Custom building, MWANI, control tower and Custom
Examining building, Airport building and many more.

JOB TITLE Electrical Foreman/Supervisor

DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES;
To implement the standard requirement/ installation to fixe pipe, boxes and etc. of the points base on the drawing/ for the following system, power, lights, telephone /data, access control and fire alarm, BMS, RMS and lighting protection system.
Designated, assigned and supervised personnel to different daily activities.
a). Layout/Installation pipes, boxes and etc. for different system along the slab, walls and
columns.
b). Installation of GI conduit, Cable trunk, cable tray and etc. including pulling wires and power
cables with joints and connections.
c) Installation lighting fixtures, power sockets,, MCC, Secondary Main DB DBs, Circuit breaker
Transformers and several controllers (, RVS, VFD, STAT/DELTA and etc.) for pump
Pressure, exhaust and cooling fan, include kitchen and laundry equipment
d) Installation, testing, commissioning and Maintenance including repair of mechanical and
electrical equipment, such as MV Substation, Switch gear, Stand by Generator, Chiller and
e) softener, Pressure / Exhaust fans, Access door control, Fire Alarm system and BMS
monitoring and control. Emergency Lights system, MICC wiring and etc.
f) Make daily report of personnel activities and materials .consumptions.
g) Perform testing, pre-commissioning commissioning processing ready for hand over the
project.
h) Plan and prepare the activity on the following day base of site condition

COMPANY NAME Zamil Steel Industries, Inc
EMPLOYMENT DATE Oct. 14, 2005 – Nov. 28, 2007
COUNTRY Dammam, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
COMPANY PROFILE Pressure Vessel, Structural Steel and other Fabrication
company with over thousand employees

JOB TITLE Electrical Foreman

DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:

a: Installation, Operation and Maintenance Several 5000Kva generating unit. Laying cable and
connections both generators, controls and loads.
b: Installation of Machineries, commissioning operation and maintenance, such as; 7m x 7m
Column and boom machine, Several FCAW, SMAW, and GTAW, portable SAW, roller,
Bending, drilling, advance plasma and oxy-acetelyn cutting, portable plasma cutting
machine 50/30 tons overhead crane and 25, 35, 60,150 tons roller bed machines and
several heaters or heat up metal before welding.
c: Installation Repair and Maintenances of machine driven generator on mobile lightings,
includes the perimeter lightings.
d: Conduct periodic check-up/ inspection of all the electrical installation and equipment
(include mobile generator and lighting), Plant machineries, electronic controls etc., ensuring
Operational reliability.
e: Has maintenance program in place, both mechanical and electrical, analyze carefully the
cause of breakdown and the corrective action implemented, so there will be no
unnecessary loss due to breakdowns or failure of the system and the machine
f: Make corrective, preventive maintenance and Calibration of all electrical equipment,
Welding machine, Cutting, Bending, Drilling machine and 3 unit 500KVA Generator.
g: Plan and Make work schedule on the following day base of site condition, then record the
daily activities and material use. Take inventory of require tools, material use in in several
maintenance and repair activities.

Employer : CP KELCO Philippines Inc.
Address : Abogon, Sibonga, Cebu
Inclusive Date : March 01, 2001 to October 20, 2005
Job Description : Mechanical Technician
Basic functions : Performs preventive, predictive and corrective maintenance
activities of stationary and rotating equipment at CP kelco
Philippines, Inc. The functions also includes equipment
inspection, millwrighting /alignment jobs and installation
works.

Duties and responsibilities:

1...Receive instructions and performs preventive, predictive and corrective maintenance
activities as assigned by the Mechanical Supervisor.
a. Inspection of equipment and monitor performance
b. Millwrighting activities which mainly involves replacement and installation of
equipment and machinery.
c. Involves mainly lay-out/installation of equipment in accordance to plans, schematic
drawings and other specifications requirement. Safety items- considers all safety aspect of
the activity prior to its start.
d. Housekeeping of the work area, cleaning and servicing of hand tools, equipment
and shop facilities used in performing the jobs.
2. Performs equipment’s overhauling activities and modification of facilities.
3. Equipment installation.
4. Turnover accomplished work permits to the supervisor after the process supervisor
conforms work completion and satisfactory reports are attained after the equipment
test run.
5. Implements cost reduction and quality circle projects to improve equipment availability
and production.
6. Renders overtime and other special jobs as per instruction of the supervisor and
respond to call-in during the off-shifts to perform emergency/urgent jobs.
7. attends periodic/schedule departmental, section, quality circle, safety and other
meetings.
8. Know and follow all safety policies and procedures and apply to the job.
9. Maintain work areas in a clean and uncluttered manner.
10. Report hazardous conditions and make suggestions to the supervisor for improved
safety facilities or operational methods.
11. Report all injuries, near miss incidents and incidents which involve damage to
Company property promptly to the Supervisor.
12. Support the implementation of the document procedures and work instruction of the
QMS and EMS related to the job.
13. Assigned to perform other task. (As a boiler technician, operate, monitor the performance
of the boiler, adjustments, installation of some equipment in fuel system, replace and
install new burner for the effective and maximum fuel burning.

Equipment installed and maintain: Boilers, water softener, Chillers, Pelletizers, blenders, milling, 50 tons Hydraulic Pressers, compressors, plate hex, Dust collectors, Filters, Vibrating screen, belt and screw conveyors, rotating drums, traveling & over head crane, pneumatic drive equipment different types of pumps, valves and Waste water facilities (vertical pump, agitator, ph analyzer and dosing valve at neutralizing pond,,, pumps and level sensor at equalization pond, meter, oxygen meter, air diffuser and surface aerator at aerated pond,,, recycle pump, thickener dosing pump and sludge scraper at clarifier,,, sludge presser…) etc.

Employer : Genu Philippines Inc.
Address : Suite 903, Keppel Center Cebu Business Park, Cebu City.
Inclusive Date : November 23, 1992 to March 01, 2001
Job Description : Plant Maintenance foreman
Basic Function : Ensures the proper and safety installation, operations and
maintenance of all electrical/mechanical equipment’s in the plant.

Duties and Responsibilities:
a… Conduct periodic check-up/ inspection of all the electrical installation (including perimeter
fences lighting) equipment (to include mobile), electronic controls etc., to ensure it is
operational.
b...Reads power and water meter daily as required for consumption recording and reporting
purposes.
a.Has maintenance program in place, both mechanical and electrical. Analyzes carefully
the cause of breakdown, if any so that there will be no unnecessary breakdowns,
delays and interruptions in the operation.
d. Maintains working areas under his concern is clean, ensuring that tools, spare and worn
out parts are kept in place when doing repairs that there will be no spillage of oil on the
floor, that there will be no loose items everywhere that may be contaminate the
product and damage equipment’s.
e. Regularly analyze production downtime cause by the equipment and make
recommendation or solution to minimize frequency of breakdowns.
f. Identify critical production equipment, facilities and critical spare parts that requires
preventive maintenance and spare parts preparation.
g. Log down daily maintenance activities and plan ahead for the next day activities.
h. Implement preventive maintenance program.
i. Installation, maintenance and operation Waste water facilities (vertical pump, agitator,
Ph. analyzer and dosing valve at neutralizing pond,,, pumps and level sensor at
equalization pond, turbidity meter, oxygen meter, air diffuser and surface aerator at
aerated pond, recycle pump, thickener dosing pump and sludge scripter at clarifier,
sludge presser…) and control.

Occasional duties and responsibilities:

. Assumes responsibilities of the Production /Maintenance Supervisor in the latter’s absence.
. Assumes the work assignment given during non-operating days unless urgent job has to
be done that requires his skills.
. Responsible for the preventive maintenance and actual trouble shooting of equipment.
. Record all maintenance activities for the equipment history.
. Initiate and fill up job order request before and after the job accomplishment.

Job related abilities:

Has expertise on both field of Electrical and Mechanical equipment installed operate and maintain such as: Boilers, water softener, milling, Dust collectors, Filters, Vibrating screen, belts, screws & pneumatic conveyors, rotating drums, traveling/overhead crane, pneumatic drive equipment, different types of pumps, blowers, valves, forklift, cars, office facilities, laboratory equipment, AC unit, communication facilities, MCC’s, substation transformers. Layout and termination cables and wires. Includes Installation and maintenance both electrical and mechanical of Waste water facilities such (vertical pump, agitator, ph. analyzer and dosing valve at neutralizing pond,,, pumps and level sensor at equalization pond, turbidity meter, oxygen meter, air diffuser and surface aerator at aerated pond, recycle pump, thickener dosing pump and sludge scrip per at clarifier, sludge presser…) etc.

Employer : Al – Mansouryah Establishment
Address : Taif, K.S. A.
Inclusive Date : January 1992 to August 1992
Description of Duties : Maintenance Electrician
Duties and Responsibilities : Installation and maintenance of electrical component
power cable. panel board, A/C unit, communication
system, heaters lightings. Maintain light and heavy
equipment (electrical components), generators, motors
and etc.

Employer : Visayan Electric Company Inc. / Lapina Machine
Shop
Address : Ermita, Cebu City
Inclusive Date : April 01, 1983 to November 30, 1983
Job description : Electrician
Duties and Responsibilities : Power Plant Electrician, installation of R.C.B.S.
maintenance of steam and diesel generating unit on
Electrical equipment and apparatus.

Employer : Visayan Electric Company Inc. / Philippine Asiatic
Electro Mechanical Corporation
Address : Ermita, Cebu City
Inclusive Date : December 01, 1983 to January 1992
Job description : Electrician
Duties and Responsibilities :

a.Maintenance/repair of electrical equipment of steam turbine generating unit, it includes
motors and controls of coal crusher, belt conveyors, bucket elevator weighing scale,
spreader unit, suit blower, induce drop fan, cinder recovery fan, circulating sea water
pump, lub. oil pump, governor, control panels with circuit breakers, contactors and
switches built in on it, Ac generator, dc generator or exciter.
b.Maintenance/repair of electrical equipment in diesel generating equipment in the diesel
generating unit, it includes transfer pump of bunker and diesel fuel, fuel heater, oil
purifier, clarifier, circulating sea water pumps, fuel injection pump, nozzle cooling,
baring gears, temperature control and monitoring of bearings and cylinders, control
panel with breaker, contactors, fuses and switches on it, auxiliary transformers and
compressors. Inspection/cleaning of generator windings, dc generators, replacement of
brushes and lay out and termination of high tension cables including control wires.
c.Rewinding of 5mega watts 13,200 and 4160 volts generators, 400kw 440 volts motor
to the smallest wattage of motors, dc generators and motors, 150kva to 15kva oil and
dry type to the smallest wattages of transformers and several coils.
d.Installation of 132,000/13,200 volts, 69,000/24,000 volts, 69,000/13,200 volts
substation. It includes installation of accessories such as suspension insulator, cables,
lighting arrester, current and potential transformers of substation. Installation of 25Mva
132,000/13,200 volts, 25Mva 69,000/13,000 volts, 25Mva 69,000/24,000 volts
transformers, including some parts such as radiators, pt/ct coils, porcelain
insulated terminals both high and low voltages, built in oil and accessories. Layout and
termination of high power cables 750MCM and 250MCM including control wires.
Installation high and low voltage high power circuit breakers of the transformers they
using SF6 gas, oil and vacuum circuit breakers.
e.Maintenance/repair different kinds of high power circuit breakers such Air blast,
magnetic blast, vacuum and oil.
f. Maintenance/repairs battery chargers and batteries for the dc volt drives GE circuit
breakers.
g.Installation/maintenance of wirings, cables for perimeter lighting, inside the plants,
offices and work shop, including AC unit and the communication system in the plant.
h. Maintenance, repair and installation of lights, control wires, motors and other
accessories of mobile crane, pay loader, dump trucks, fork lift and cars.
i. Maintenance/Electrician of M/T vessels of LUVIMIN mining transporting cargoes and
coals from the mining site towards different destinations. Maintain/repair all electrical
equipment such as generators, different kinds of motors, lightings and other electrical
accessories on the vessel.

SEMINARS / TRAINING COURSES ATTENDED

--- Electrical Power System in Commercial Building
--- Basics Lubrication, Rolling Bearings: Theory and Practice. Bearing Technology and
Application Course
--- Principles of Corrosion, Corrosion Control and Paint Technology
--- Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP), Process, and Hazard Analysis and
Critical Control Point (HACCP)
--- From Performance Appraisal to Performance Management Workshop
--- Seminar – Workshop in Effective Communication and Human Relations
--- Self- Empowerment and Team Building Workshop
--- Basic Leadership Success Seminar
--- First Aid at Sea Course, Fire Fighting and Fire Prevention.
--- Personal Survival at Sea Course, Survival Craft Handling Course
--- Awareness Program on ISO - 2000

COMPUTER SKILLS INCLUDING SOFTWARE
Intermediate

LANGUAGE SKILLS
English, Tagalog

CHARACTER REFERENCES;

1. ENGR. PRATEESH, VETEL
MEP PROJECT MANAGER
CONSTRUCTION DEVELOPMENT COMPANY
DOHA, NEW PORT PROJECT

2. ENGR. PRADEEP, MAHANAYAN
SENIOR ELECTRICAL PROJECT ENGINEER
CONSTRUCTION DEVELOPMENT COMPANY
DOHA, NEW PORT PROJECT

3. MR. SADEGH ARARA
OWNER//DIRECTOR
ENGINEERS FOR TECHINICAL AND OIL SERVICES

Contact this candidate
