
Cheryl Acevedo
*** **** **.
Mine Hill, NJ *****
201-***-****
adafa4@r.postjobfree.com

Summary:
I have great interpersonal skills from many years of various customer service positions, and the ability to function as a team member. My goal is to obtain a position that will utilize my skills and allow for continued personal and professional growth.

Work Experience:
Human Resources Associate Feb 2018 – Present
Atlantic Health System, Human Resources, Newton, NJ
Responsible for assisting with day to day operations of the HR department.
Processing employee terminations and assisting the Recruitment team with onboarding process
Completing and updating employee records, processing documentation and preparing reports relating to personal activities.
Assisting at and coordinating HR special projects.

Administrative Assistant May 2014 – Feb. 2018
Atlantic Health System, Employee Wellness, Morristown NJ
Provided administrative support to Health & Nurse Educators.
Responsible for customer service management via phone and email communication; department supply ordering; check request processing; program tracking and monthly budget reports.

Administrative Assistant Dec 2011 – May 2014
Atlantic Rehabilitation Institute, Morristown NJ
Provided administrative support to the Nurse Manager, Hospital Administrator, and all departments of the Facility.
Responsible for taking meeting minutes - typing and distributing them; calendar management for up to 5 Managers, supply ordering and phone management, STAR registration and insurance verification for incoming patients as a back-up to our Admissions department.

Front Desk Supervisor May 2003 - Present
YMCA, Randolph, NJ

Responsible for answering phones, making photo copies, handling member and potential member tours, renewal and new membership processing, supervising 3-4 staff members, end of shift cash register processing and building closure.

Administrative Assistant to CEO Nov. 2004 – Nov. 2011
YMCA, Randolph, NJ
Supported the CEO in all administrative areas necessary, phone/email correspondence with YMCA Directors & Board of Directors, setting up and taking minutes at Committee meetings, clerical duties for all Directors, office supply ordering, monthly calendar preparation, room scheduling.
Directly responsible for fundraising support (Strong Kids Campaign); management & record-keeping via Etapestry database. Processing donations, sending thank-you letters & invitations for events. Newsletter creation for mail distribution to Donors & potential Donors.

Education:
County College of Morris, Randolph, NJ
GPA: 4.0
12 Credits

Certifications:
Certified Professional Coder—Apprentice 2016
Medical Coding For Professionals, LLC
Pharmacy Technician Certificate 1996
Morris County Vocational Technical School
Microsoft Access—Introduction; Grant Writing 101 2003
County College of Morris

Additional Skills
Microsoft Office
Publisher
STAR Registration
Chart-Maxx

Contact this candidate
