
ARKADIY A. VOSKOBOYNIK
* ********* ***** **** *****, FL 32164
386-***-**** adafr0@r.postjobfree.com

OBJECTIVE
Skilled professional seeking a quality, R&D, or manufacturing engineering position in a growing business. Possesses significant experience in production control and product evaluation. Meticulous and detail-oriented. Candidate is an effective communicator with ability to solve problems in fast-paced environments.
EDUCATION
Master of Science in Aircraft maintenance and Business Administration
Transport and Telecommunication Institute, Riga, Latvia
Airframe & Powerplant License
Quaker City Institute of Aviation, Philadelphia, PA
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Kaman Aerostructures Jacksonville, FL 05.2016 – 09.2018
QC Inspector A
Responsibilities include: inspection of detailed parts and assemblies using various inspection tools, performing FAI on machined parts, first piece inspections, in-process and final inspections. Created work tags to documented non-conformances and completed NCR . Working from blueprints, diagrams, customer specifications, drawings, inspection instructions and checklists.
Tools: dial indicators, micrometers, calipers, scale, fixtures, radius gages, bore gages, optical comparator, and height gages.
GE Aviation Jacksonville, FL 06.2014 – 12.2015
Quality Associate
Responsible for conducing, applying, validating Customers AS9102 FAI requirements across multiple commodities. Implement quality improvements utilizing Root Cause Analysis, process reviews / improvements, corrective actions, statistical process control, in-process / final inspection data analysis, quality plans, and overall quality communications within the cell(s). Track and trend NCR data in cell and drive systemic quality improvements through CAPA. Provide process / quality support for development, first piece qualification, process improvement, and productivity activities of new / existing suppliers and in-house qualifications Work closely with supplier quality to give feedback on poor performing suppliers within cell Ensure synergy of quality initiatives with suppliers, internal processes, and customer expectations.
Remedy Intelligent Staffing, Inc., Jacksonville, FL · 08.2011- 11.2013
QA Technician II for Medtronic Xomed, Inc.,
Performing incoming AQL inspection on all products using different precision tools, visual comparator and CMM. Compare received goods, in-process parts and finished goods to blueprints and specifications. Writing non-conformance reports on parts, products and processes that fail inspection in compliance with GMP standards. Making recommendations for changes or improvements to documentation processes, inspection methods or related criteria. Perform First Article Report to all New Project Development . Updating and releasing information into SAP system. Assist QA with documentation related to CAPA, RCI, and NCMR . Support reporting validation by translating business requirements into technical specifications, test plans, and compliance documentation. Create test plan and perform testing to ensure that delivered data and reports are accurate. .
Quality Engineering Technician for Hudson Technologies. Ormond Beach, FL · 06.2012-10.2012
Participate in the quality engineering functions within the manufacturing facility by assisting in developing, implementing and administering quality specifications, test methodologies, and sampling plans for product and process
Provide quality-engineering expertise for the continuous improvement of product and process and provide engineering input for corrective and preventative action for in-house and customer reported problems.
Command Medical Products, Inc., Ormond Beach, FL 03.2011-08.2011
ISO 13485 certified and registered with the FDA, privately held corporation offering contract manufacturing services for the production of disposable medical devices.
QC Inspector
Inspected incoming materials and components, in process sub-assemblies, and finished products per applicable QA procedure using caliper, micrometer, depth gauge, visual comparator and other precision tools. Was responsible for product quality sampling and testing, following analytical methods for analysis of these samples, recording the data accurately and completely.
SEA RAY BOAT, INC., Palm Coast, FL 01.2003-02.2010
The world’s largest manufacturer of superior quality pleasure boats; 40+ models from 18 to 60 feet.
QC Technician

ARKADIY A. VOSKOBOYNIK
Page 2

Ensured all parts and assembly procedures met quality standards and requirements per National Marine Manufacturers Association, the American Boat and Yacht Council, and the International Organization of Standards. Maintained logs and records. Oversaw QA functions. Assembled and fit detailed parts and structures.
Consistently delivered high quality products to meet customer and quality control satisfaction.
PIEDMONT AIRLINES, INC., Jacksonville, FL 2002-2003
A wholly owned subsidiary of US Airways, operating as a US Airways Express carrier; 4K employees.
A&P Mechanic
Conducted line and heavy maintenance of Dash-8-100 and Dash8-200 aircraft. Performed service checks and repairs. Dismantled, overhauled and installed aircraft parts and components. Adhered to company maintenance manuals,
and procedures. Ensured all avionics met Federal Aviation Regulations and safety guidelines. Provided on-call line maintenance for B737 and B757.
Delivered all maintenance projects in accordance of Airworthiness Directives and Federal Aviation Regulations (FAR).
Completed all assignments on time and with high quality.
EURO AMERICAN SCHOOL OF AVIATION, INC., Ormond Beach, FL 2001-2002
Operates a fleet of 32 wholly owned Cessna and Piper aircraft
A&P Mechanic
Executed annual progressive and 100-hour inspections on diverse aircraft fleets. Identified and resolved complex mechanical issues in a busy general aviation environment.
Delivered all maintenance projects in accordance of Airworthiness Directives and Federal Aviation Regulations (FAR).
Completed all assignments on time and with high quality.

ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE
Career note: Prior work history includes Warehouse Supervisor with Sun Apparel Inc.;
Service Engineer-Manager & Quality Control Engineer with Aeroflot.

CERTIFICATIONS & RATINGS
FAA Airframe and Powerplant License
ICAO Aircraft Engineer License
TECHNICAL SKILLS
· Windows 95/98/NT/2000.XP/Vista/7/8
· MS Office
LANGUAGES
English Russian Ukrainian

References available upon request

Contact this candidate
