
Front Office Executive /Receptionist – M/S. Dr. Gupta & Co (1998-2003)
(Export Garment Division)
Receiving the customers, clients, visitors in a polite and pleasant way.
Answering the phone calls made, and redirecting them to the concerned people effectively.
Responsible for dispatching courier and keeping a record of them.
Distributing the received inwards documents.
Cleanliness and maintenance of Front office.

Front Office Executive – M/S. Magnum Clothing Pvt Ltd., (2008 – 2009)
(Export Garment Division)
Keep records of calls placed and received.
Responding the telephonic call and carry out the conversations politely and timely manner
Handling multiple telephone lines in timely manner and direct the calls to the Concerned person / extension
Differentiating the incoming calls and walk-ins and handle them appropriately
Greeting and assisting visitors and Guests
Set up conference calls in different locations and time zones.
Records and reports telephone repairs; coordinates the ordering of equipment.
Responds to complaints; manages and coordinates county telephone service program
Maintaining Courier Register

Front Office Executive / HR Assistant –
M/S. Qualitronics Madrass Pvt. Ltd. (2010 – 2013)
Handling EBABX System
Maintain front desk area, keeping it clean and free from clutter.
Receiving and sending faxes whenever required and confirm the receipt and delivery of the same.
To perform other administrative work like supervision on Housekeeping and other administration purchases viz. stationery items, eatables, flowers or bouquets etc. whenever required.
Taking care of dispatch, keeping records for incoming and outgoing Letters.
Maintaining of Stock Registers. (First aid, Stationery, etc.
Updating Inventory received and other work.
Maintaining the files, records and documents as required.
To sort out incoming mails at enquiry inbox and distribute to the concerned.
Department / Executive and responding them in case of customer enquiries.
Maintaining In & Outward Courier Register.
Compile statistical information for Executive Director as requested.
Develop and maintain inventory system.
Order office supplies and monitor inventory.
Maintain appropriate interpersonal relationships with employees, peers, and consumers.
Facilitate special event registration and execution.
Coordination of ID and other visitor’s cards.
Recording complaints, queries and providing suitable answers and assistance for the same.
Maintaining the records of entry and exit details.
Coordinating the appointments and consultation time of the clients with the management and other employees of the organization.
Managing and assisting basic arrangement for client visit & Board Meeting.
Arrangement of Conference Hall before commencement of meeting (checking of AC, projector, etc., in all working condition)
Arrangement of Ticket, Accommodation, Travel plan, etc., for Management and Higher officials.
Follow-ups the payment for Director’s & executive’s mobile, data card, Credit card and coordinate with Accounts department for timely payment
General filing works for previous day’s activities such as mails, letters received and etc.
Follow-up of Insurance for Employees, vehicles, premises for timely renewal.
Collecting the data’s of new joiners for record and providing an ID card for them.
Maintaining Attendance register manually and in software and keeping a track on Outdoor Duties of the Executives / Staff.
Rectify the minor repairs before calling the EPABX system technician.
AMC maintaining for Air conditioners, EPABX system, Generator, UPS, Server, ACP, Lift
Cleanliness and maintenance of Front Entrance and other work area of Organization
Maintaining proper checklist related to housekeeping activities to ensure upkeep of facility.
Giving training & induction to housekeeping supervisors & houseboys.

Front Office Admin / Executive Assistant
M/S. Chartered Finance Management Pvt. Ltd. (June 2013 – July 2019)
Receiving all important calls & sorting out mail, screened and initiated telephone calls.
Arranging the meetings and appointment with bankers as required by Chairman, SVP & AVP.
Maintaining company current account, staffs salary account with bank. Coordination for new salary account opening for new employee.
Arranging and organizing the Review meeting, Board Meeting through video conference as instructed by HO, Mumbai
Manage travel arrangements and coordinate pre-planning of trips for SVP, Management and Higher Officials.
Maintain the records electronically and manually.
Processed travel expenses and reimbursements.
Maintained staff attendance registers and staff personal records.
Processed staff payroll monthly salary and submit same to the bank.
Supervised and ensured the cleanliness of Front Entrance and other work area of Organization
general maintenance & upkeep of the office premises
Attendance maintenance and keep record of staff’s leave and mailing the same to HR in end of the month.
Updating bank and cash details to HO accounts along with statements in excel sheet.
Appointed suppliers for Stationary, Office Automations, In-house requirements
Ensured timely payment of Office rent, Telephone and Mobile Payments, Travels bill, electricity payment etc.
Submitting Forms and registers to Labour office in end of the year.
Making Profession tax payment for staff, Chairman and for director to Corporation of Chennai.
Keep sending the bouquet and gifts for an important contact of their birthday and special events.
Maintained records of personnel data & administrative matters confidentially.
Kept records and maintained payment Entries
AMC maintaining for Air conditioners, EPABX system, Generator, stabilizer, UPS, Server periodically with concern vendors.
Maintaining proper checklist related to housekeeping activities to ensure upkeep of facility.

DECLARATION

I hereby declare that the above information is true to the best of my knowledge.

Place: Chennai R. Sujatha
Date:
(Signature)

R.SUJATHA

Email: adafjq@r.postjobfree.com

Mobile : 814-***-****

Address

37/17, Ponniammani koil Street, Kottur,
Chennai – 600085

Personal Information

Age : 42 yrs
Nationality : Indian.
Marital Status : Married
Language : Tamil, English
Hindi, Telugu

Strengths:

Courageous
Responsive
Creative
Hardworking
Loyalty

Career Mission
To be a successful professional in a dynamic and challenging environment and fully devote myself for the growth of the organization and meeting challenges of tomorrow.

Experience

Worked as a Receptionist / Telephone operator :- M/s. Dr. Gupta & Co, (Export Garment) Chennai

Front Office Executive :– M/s. Magnum Clothing Pvt (Export Garment)

Front Office / Admin Executive / HR Assistant :- M/s. Qualitronics Madrass Pvt Ltd.,

Front Office Admin / Executive Assistant :- M/s Chartered Finance Management Ltd,

Areas of Interest

Facility Management
Administration
Front office Management
Travel & Accommodation
Housekeeping Management

Technical Skills.

Diploma in TELEPHONE OPERATOR / RECEPTIONIST (EPABX SYSTEM) – BDPS. ITI.
Secretarial Practice.
MS Office – Word, Excel, PPT

Major Strengths
Able to collaborate & effectively contribute in a Team enterprise.
Being Patience

Qualification

B.A – Economics

Contact this candidate
