
Vipin Patidar
Phone: +91-916*******
E-mail: adafkw@r.postjobfree.com

Career Objective:
A challenging position as “Engineering Professional” at executive level in an esteemed organization, offering a platform to apply my technical knowledge, analytical ability and communication skills to achieve enhanced results and to grow with the organization.
Academic & Professional Profile
Qualification:

●BE (Mechanical Engineering) (2012-2016) from Mahakal Institute of Technology with CGPA: 6.02
●12th from Brilliant H.Sec. School Indore (M.P. Board).
●10th from Maa Jinvani Public School Sonkatchh (M.P. Board).

Professional experience:
Company Name : VOLVO EICHER COMMERCIAL VEHICLE LTD
Plot no 102, Pithampur Industrial Area,
Sector no 1, Pithampur, Dhar - 454775
Designation : Quality Inspector
Duration : Aug – 2018 – 19 June –2019.

Responsibilities:
Inspection of the parts as per its specification received from the supplier
Responsible for the Quality management activities in the RI department including documents and inspection.
Action against the Rejection. Communicating with the supplier about the NC and asking him for the Corrective action plan (CAPA) in 8D format as approved by VECV.
Maintained the correct DM rule in SAP as per the previous performance of the supplier.
Analysis of the aftermarket complained and analyzing its root cause.
Calibration of in house checking instruments, all gauges.
Reduction in the Supplier PPM by using Q.C. tools like Pareto analysis, 5 – way analysis control charts etc.`
Assist in the IATF Audit 2019.

Projects worked on :
RI at VEPDC:
In this project, inspection of the part received from the supplier and checking against its specification. Action to be taken against the Rejection. Communicating with the supplier and informing about the NC. Posting of the Rejection in SAP. The main purpose of the receipt inspection is to ensure that no NC part to be supplied to the customer.

Applications used: SAP, PLM.

Company Name : Ocean Motors pvt ltd, Indore. Authorised by Maruti Suzuki
Designation : Automobile Technician
Duration : March – 2017 – June - 2018

Training Undergone:
Organization: VE Commercial Vehicles Pithampur Dist.Indore.
Exposure to: Plant Utility Department
Key Learning: Maintenance Services provides reliability-centered equipment and system maintenance program for utility plant production equipment. Responsible for the preventive / predictive program and reparative maintenance for utility plant equipment..

Projects Undertaken:

●Minor Project : Automatic fuel valve in two wheeler
●Major Project : Urine power battery

Other Qualification:

●Certificate of 26th All India Skill Competition Maruti Suzuki (Express Service Category Zonal 2nd runner-up)
●Certificate of 26th All India Skill Competition Maruti Suzuki (Express Service Category Regional 1st runner-up)
●Certificate of Workshop and Seminar on Bike aasembly

Personal Profile:
Name: Vipin Patidar
Father’s Name: Mr. Gourishankar Patidar
Nationality: Indian
Marital Status: Single
Gender: Male
Date of Birth: 01st NOV 1993.
Contact Address: 5/1 Ganraaj Nagar Khajrana, AB Road Indore.

I hereby declare that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge & belief.

Date: Vipin Patidar

Contact this candidate
