
TYJUAN GOULD
*** ****** ***** **, *********, FL *4736 ~ Phone: 240-***-**** ~ Email: adafo0@r.postjobfree.com

OBJECTIVE

My goal is to effectively use my training and experiences along with my desire to learn to help a company increase its ROI, clientele, expand its territory and advance in my career.

EXPERIENCE
Freeman Financial Services, Laurel, MD
Office Manager & Tax Preparer January 2019 – June 2019
Handled day-to-day operations with a focus on the client, efficiency and time management. Streamlined administrative procedures, office staff supervision and task delegation. Gained the trust of prospective clients during the interview process and asked the appropriate questions to determine which tax forms were required to prepare the client's return while collecting and discussing the client’s current year financial information. Completed all necessary forms and filed them with the Internal Revenue Service and appropriate states.

Mercedes-Benz of Silver Spring, Silver Spring, MD Master Sales Consultant May 2018 – January 2019 Sold new and pre-owned vehicles that satisfied the customers’ needs and met or exceeded dealership sales goals. Used the dealership CRM System (eLead) to manage all customer contact and kept accurate records of every contact result. Built relationships with customers and consulted with them to determine their needs. Presented vehicle selections best suited to each customer’s stated needs and benefits in action during the vehicle test drive. Followed up on all post-delivery items and generated new business by prospecting, making follow up calls to my customer base and referral sources. Educated all potential customers on Mercedes products and incentive programs.

Lexus of Silver Spring, Silver Spring, MD
Executive Sales Consultant September 2017 – May 2018
Engaged customers in a way to determine new or pre-owned vehicle needs by asking questions and listening to ensure satisfaction standards. Used the dealership CRM System (Salesforce) to manage all customer contact and kept accurate records of every contact result. Sold vehicles to meet dealership gross profit and volume requirements. Demonstrated and delivered vehicles to customers to ensure they understand all operating features, warranties and paperwork which laid the foundation for customer loyalty. Established personal work habits which included prospecting, selling and follow-up that were conducive to obtaining my personal income goals.

JARED The Galleria of Jewelry, Hanover, MD
Sales Associate December 2014 – On Payroll
I am responsible for engaging customers in conversation to build rapport and listen to understand their needs and objections, presenting merchandise and detailed information on features and benefits, offering extended service plans and financing options; working with the entire sales team to provide a superior experience to all our valued guests and meeting individual and team sales goals. Frequently responsible for closing and balancing registers and making bank deposits. I have been trained on various sales techniques, sales processes and product knowledge.

Aflac/Colonial Insurance, Towson, MD
Special Projects Coordinator September 2014 – August 2017
Licensed agent to sell life and health insurance, ancillary products and annuities in ten states. Conduct in-home and B2B presentations to explain how I can help their families achieve asset protection and offset the rising cost of health insurance deductibles and out of pocket medical expenses. New hire training and development.

Comcast/Xfinity, Baltimore, MD
Sales Manager May 2014 – October 2014
Maintained expertise on company products and services to effectively manage team sales. Developed, planned and coordinated sales promotions and incentives to meet business goals and objectives. Ensured team and individual rep achievement of all sales, quality, goals, and standards. Monitor employee performance, counsel and advise to ensure compatibility, maximum effectiveness, and continued growth on a constant basis. Address personnel issues/performance issues in accordance with company policy. Possess excellent written and oral communication, interpersonal skills, and planning and organizational skills. Developed and implemented best practices that contributed to improving performance and overall success.

Comcast/Xfinity, Baltimore, MD
Sales Rep March 2014 – May 2014
With the ability to structure and close a sale, I became “the face of Xfinity”. I sold and promoted a full range of products with a focus on video, high-speed internet and phone services. While working a flexible schedule, I use my exceptional interpersonal and consulting skills to build rapport and listen to each customer's needs, explained the products and services in-depth and recommended the right solutions. This sometimes involved calling on potential new customers, upgrading existing customer's services, and even winning back former customers.

Empire Today, Odenton, MD
Home Improvement Sales Consultant – MHIC Licensed January 2008 – March 2014
Ran pre-set, pre-qualified appointments. After building rapport using my customer relations skills and listening to the client’s needs, I helped them design the best flooring and/or window treatment options possible for their home. I also generated additional income from building my own business and collected bonuses for self-generated leads in addition to commissions earned from company provided leads.

Verizon Communications, Gaithersburg, MD
Service Technician October 1997 – December 2007
As a field technician, I was responsible for installing, monitoring, testing and maintenance of telecommunications, associated electronic equipment and wiring per specifications and operational procedures in technical facilities such as the Central Office (CO) and Service Access Interface (SAI) Box, the outside copper plant and fiber facilities as well as in customer homes and commercial properties. Responsible for terminating and testing aerial cable via climbing utility poles and underground cables via a pedestal. Validate and test end-to-end service provisioning for the cable network. Maintained new and existing circuits through troubleshooting and fault isolation techniques utilizing local and remote test systems, meters and gauges to isolate and resolve customer circuit outages while also installing and maintaining the Network Interface Device (NID) at the customer premise. I would frequently stand-in as a supervisor to handle various safety issues, quality control, workforce performance, technician concerns and customer relations. Practiced OSHA regulations.

The Travelers Group, Lanham, MD
Personal Financial Analyst December 1992 – December 1997
Using strong quantitative skills, expert problem-solving abilities, adeptness in the use of logic and above-average communication skills as a Financial Analyst I had to crunch data and report my findings to my clients in a clear, concise and persuasive manner in order to provide solutions for their needs. I was also responsible for training new associates each month on handling objections, company compliance, prospecting, marketing, and delivering a winning presentation. As well as developed leaders capable of duplicating themselves.

CVS Pharmacy, Washington, DC
Assistant Store Manager August 1991 – December 1992
Coordinated new-hire interviews and training procedures, maintain shipping, receiving, and stocking inventory. Managed accounts receivable and accounts payable, and controlled bank deposits. Managed store opening and closing procedures, loss prevention, payroll and schedules.

Payless Shoe Source, Washington, DC
Store Manager August 1989 – August 1991
I worked my way from a part-time associate receiving and stocking new inventory and rendering register operations to a store manager training new employees, managing register operations and helped with inventory positioning, performed store audits, maintained accounts receivable, prepared weekly schedules, time sheets and payroll for a $1Million store. Hired and trained new employees and assistant managers, conducted monthly evaluation meetings, and developed store marketing strategies including store product design.

United States Marine Corps, Washington, DC
Squad Leader September 1985 – October 1989
Trained fellow Marines on uniform etiquette, Marine Corps Code of Conduct, team unity, wilderness survival, hand-to-hand combat and war-time engagement. I was also responsible for
the operation and management of administrative and clerical functions in the areas of general administration, personnel administration, and postal service. Qualifications required included basic clerical skills, typing, and communication abilities. The duties involved administrative, managerial, and technical skills. Personnel administration and retention Marines are required to learn clerical and administrative procedures, office management, personal computer skills (personnel and pay database retrieval and word-processing), preparation and use of military publications and correspondence, preparation of orders and directives, and the use of filing systems, record keeping and basic accounting.

EDUCATION

Howard University, Washington, DC August 1986 - May 1988
Business Management

Good Counsel High School, Wheaton, MD September 1981 – May 1985

SKILLS
Proven Management/Leadership Skills, Communication, Presentation, Negotiation, Customer Relations, Selling, Organization, Solution-Oriented, Detail Oriented, Innovative,
Familiar with Microsoft Office,

INTERESTS ~ HOBBIES
Actor/Screen Actors Guild (SAG) member, Professional Farmers-League Football, Martial Arts, Boxing, Skiing, Horse-back riding, Sports in general,

Contact this candidate
