
SYLVESTER M RATHNAM,
Bangalore, India
adaf43@r.postjobfree.com (Mob: +91-886**-*****)
Introduction:
An enthusiastic individual having completed Masters in Mechanical Engineering and having a strong passion for manufacturing and production of Machines integrated with Automotive Technologies. I have also specialized in study of low energy rockfall catch fences and experienced in client facing environments. I am motivated to offer my expertise and experience in machine manufacturing, production and also in oil and gas industry.
Summary of Academics:
M.Sc in Mechanical Engineering (Sep 2017 – Sep 2018) University of Glasgow, United Kingdom
Core Modules: Advance Manufacture, Mechanics of Solids and Structures, Materials Engineering, Dynamics and Vibration Analysis.
Academic Dissertation: Literature Review of a low energy rockfall catch fence that absorbs the potential and kinetic energy of rocks falling from cliffs into the ground through its intercepting and supporting structures, thereby preventing the rocks from obstructing highways in its daily activities. BE. Mechanical Engineering (Aug 2012 – Jul 2016)
S J B Institute of Technology, Bangalore, India
Core modules: Mechanical Measurements for Metrology, Finite Element Methods, Operations Research, Hydraulics and Pneumatics, Dynamics and Kinematics of Machines, Metallurgy and Material Sciences, Composite Materials.
Aggregate: First Class
Academic Dissertation: Designed an automated Radio Frequency controlled Fire Extinguisher that senses fire from the vicinity and extinguishes the fire using water stored. The water is dispensed through a nozzle at the fire using continuous, independent tracks. It also includes a video monitor to transmit real time images to the operator to view the fire and control the apparatus. Pre-University (June 2010 – May 2012)
St. Joseph’s Pre-University College, Bangalore, India Subjects - Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry and Electronics. Aggregate: First Class
June 2007 – May 2010
St. Joseph’s Indian High School, Bangalore, India. Secondary Schooling - Class X
Aggregate: First Class
Employment Experience:
Esso (Malthurst) Petroleum, Glasgow, UK (January 2018 to Dec 2018) Operations Manager:
Responsible for the overall maintenance and operations of the petroleum unit. Stock Control and Monitoring of fuel consumption by customer automobiles. Forecasting of Fuel Consumption based on customer demand Vodafone, Paisley, UK (October 2017 to December 2017) Customer Sales Advisor.
Educate customers about Vodafone accessories and generate sales. Provide detailed product specifications to specific customer requests Proficio Business Solutions, Bangalore, India (July 2016 to June 2017) Lead Generation Expert:
Generate a process-oriented sales qualified IT Hardware and Software leads. Generate leads for End User Computing as well as Enterprise Solutions. Client facing role with direct interaction to customers creating an intelligent user experience reducing complex requirements to simple situations.
Accomplishments:
Achieved a target of 35-40 leads per month as an individual contributor. Achieved 210 leads for a single region within a span of 22 days in a team of 5 people. Awarded top performer by the company.
Worked for Cisco SAARC partner confluence DUBAI 2016. Software Experience:
Abaqus: Had an excellent hands on experience at the University of Glasgow. Model creation and Analysis could be done on a very minute nodel level. CreO: First software learnt on Mechanical Design. Was professionally trained on 3D model creation and drafting.
CNC Programming: Final year of my Bachelor's degree. Had a good hands on experience in the software and its practical application.
Ansys: Manual calculation and practical application of stress and strain in the third year of my Bachelor's degree. One of my favourite subjects.
Hobbies and Interests:
Spanish: Proficient in Basic Spanish Verbal and Written Vocabulary. Computer Gaming – Won several collegiate and University level gaming tournaments. Favourite Game: FIFA.
Football – Closely follow all Manchester City Premier League Games

Contact this candidate
