
…Continued…
SHARAD MERCHANT
Schaumburg, Illinois 60193
LinkedIn.com/in/sharad-merchant-6a941b139 • 224-***-**** • adafo3@r.postjobfree.com Environmental Chemist
15+ years’ success guiding research and development efforts across environmental pollution studies, hydrogeochemical, and renewable energy resources.
Innovative and detail-driven environmental professional specializing in hydrogeochemical and environmental pollution research as well as renewable energy development. Intuitive leader, liaison, and mentor adept at collaborating across levels, interfacing with clients, and coaching colleagues to build consensus, drive growth, and secure sustainable solutions to complex scientific issues. Proficient in numerous methodologies and technologies, quality control and quality assurance processes, and EPA regulations.
Environmental Laboratory Management / Research & Development / Analytical Chemistry / Sample Preparation Instrumentation / Technical Documentation / Leadership & Collaboration / Troubleshooting & Conflict Resolution TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES
Methodologies/Tools: Wet Chemical Analysis, Instrumental Analysis, Ultra-violet Visible, Inductively Couple Plasma ICP Trace Metals Analysis, Atomic Absorption, Lachat Micro Nutrients Analysis, Energy Dispersive X-ray Spectroscopy (EDX), Sample Treatment, Electron Microscopy, Gas Chromatography, Thermal Differential Scanning Calorimetry (DSC) and Thermal Gravimetric Analysis (TGA), CHNO Analyzer (to measure carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, and oxygen), Good Laboratory Practice (GLP), Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP)
EXPERIENCE HIGHLIGHTS
Assistant Environmental Chemist (2001 – Present) Metropolitan Water Reclamation, Chicago, IL Direct vital operations of water and waste water laboratories to research and create innovative treatments. Oversee quality control and quality assurance processes to ensure sample data accuracy and standardize all technical support and troubleshooting methods to guide analyses. Collaborate across levels to identify and validate new testing methods and compose reports, standard operating procedures, Quality Assurance Plan, and EPA audit documentation to disclose findings.
Key Achievements:
Facilitated numerous QA, QC, and EPA audits to secure consistent compliance with all regulatory standards.
Performed multiple National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) data reviews and authorizations. ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE
Analytical Chemist Morton Grove Pharmaceuticals, Morton Grove, IL Supervised quality control efforts to ensure consistent water quality for manufacturing operations. Evaluated raw and in process materials through classic and wet analysis methods as well as instrumentation to review samples and document findings. Spearheaded and validated new test methods and drafted standard operating procedures and reports. Key Achievements:
Single-handedly composed all standard operating procedures for various analyses.
Successfully completed FDA audits leveraging effective QA, QC, and audit protocols. SHARAD MERCHANT
Page Two
Technical Support Motorola, Inc., Arlington Heights, IL Executed numerous tests to support new technology product development including high-density interconnect (HDI) research. Characterized materials such as Cu-resin adhesion, impact of humidity, temperature and solder shock to determine long-term reliability of circuit boards for cellular phones. Key Achievements:
Worked closely with vendors and tested chemical and physical properties to establish compliance with quality standards and root cause analysis of failures.
Professor of Analytical Chemistry/Laboratory Technician Sardar Patel University, India Mentored graduate students through Analytical Techniques and Chemical Instrumentation courses. Outlined departmental programs, authored curriculum guides and exams, organized conferences and symposiums with university educators, and presented workshops to engage students in field of science. Leveraged knowledge of classical and instrumental methods to administer physical and chemical analysis of waste materials and biomass gasification products. Key Achievements:
Coordinated extensive research projects across analytical and environmental pollution fields.
Piloted a process for desalination of seawater utilizing vacuum-controlled distillation without scale formation. Technical Assistant S.P. Renewable Energy Research Institute, India Recruited and led team of researchers concentrated on biomass gasification of agricultural waste. Secured laboratory facilities and resources to conduct chemical research. Set up laboratory for testing biomass gasification products. Research Associate University Grants Commission, India Conducted detailed research on environmental and water pollution including analyses of water and waste water via EPA methods, surveillance of natural water sources and industrial waste effluents, biochemical study of industrial waste to improve waste water treatments, and analytical technique and method creation for environmental samples. EDUCATION AND TRAINING
Doctor of Philosophy in Analytical Chemistry – Sardar Patel University, Gujarat, India Master of Science in Analytical Chemistry – Sardar Patel University, Gujarat, India Bachelor of Science in Chemistry – Gujarat University, Gujarat, India PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS
National Registry of Environmental Professionals – State of Illinois Branch PUBLICATIONS, RESEARCH, AND PATENTS
1. Merchant, S. (1987). Energy Dispersive Analysis of X-rays (EDAX) for the Analysis of Water and Wastewater, Chemistry Education 3, pp. 30-33.
2. Merchant, S. (1992). Bacteriological Study of Mahi River, J. Nature and Environment, p. 8. 3. Merchant, S. (1992). Reliability of a New Sample Preparation Technique for EDAX in Multi Elemental Analysis, J. Trace and Microprobe Techniques, USA, p. 9.
4. Merchant, S. Study on Trace Elements Contamination in Aquatic Organism by EDAX Analysis. (In Progress). 5. Merchant, S. Cyanide Waste Treatment by Bacteriological Process. (In Progress, Patent Pending).

Contact this candidate
