
SELVAKUMAR PERIYASAMY
Sr.Technician/Standby supervisor
(Fire and Gas system)
Email: adafgu@r.postjobfree.com
Skype: selvasla
Mobile: +974-********
+974-********

Career Objective:
To purpose a responsible and challenging career as professional in a growth organization where I can contribute and improve my skills.

Professional Summary:
Routine Maintenance of Fire and gas instruments System installation, Commissioning, troubleshooting, Shutdown Activity in Oil & Gas Refinery plant. Capable of ensuring impeccable preventive & corrective maintenance of assorted of fire & gas Instruments system.

Personal Skills:
Fire and Gas Systems Installation, Routine Maintenance, testing & troubleshooting.
Loop checking, Commissioning of fire and gas instruments and logic sequence/Functional checking of process systems and equipment’s with DCS, ESD and F& G system.
Completely familiar with Safety standards/Work permit systems in Qatar Petroleum, attended safety training and passed different work permit class authorization tests.
I am an enthusiastic & dedicated professional also I am having experience work with different cultures & nationality people.

HSE Experience:
Follow work permit system, safety procedures & precautions.
Responsible for exploring there is any risk in the workplace & recommend it to the safety superiors.
To promote work in a safe and responsible manner adhering to company procedures and Health and safety working environment regulations and uses appropriate PPE at all times.
Able to work at heights, climb ladder to gain access to upper levels of building and lift at least 50lbs.
Provides ideas for continual improvement, near miss report of Spot abnormalities, unsafe conditions of equipments noticed of mutual coordination with client and appropriate remedial actions immediately.
Assessment of Hazards and Risks involved and take a tool box talk each day before proceeding to job activity to ensure all the precautions are taken.

Achievements & Appreciation for Work Done:
HSE appreciation for best safety observation (SOC) by Qatar petroleum on 2017.
Certificate of appreciation for near miss reporting by Tyco Qatar fire & security on 2015.
Certificate of appreciation for identify defective material by Hyundai Motor India on 2010.

Experience Details:
TYCO QATAR FIRE & SECURITY L.L.C through Qatar Tec W.L.L
Client : QATAR PETROLEUM-REFINERY
Designation : Fire And Gas Instrument Sr.Technician/Standby supervisor.
Period : From June-2015 to Present.

Nature of the job:
Leading the Instrumentation team to carry out different jobs under the maintenance contract which involves routine maintenance of Fire & Gas Instruments in substations, control rooms, Compressors shelter, field processing and tank form areas in QP Refinery & various buildings.
Ensuring that all work carried out on live systems is completed under a Permit to Work systems in at all units as instructed by the project engineer with maintenance procedures. Prepare several kind of work permits-Cold work permit, hot work permit, Confined Space Entry permits as per safety work procedure.
Planning, scheduling, execution of Preventive and Corrective Maintenance activities as per Client Job Orders in oil and gas Refinery plant.
Open and close permits for specific jobs, use the correct tools, repair or replace spare parts.
Calibrate and testing the instruments using standard Calibration Gases measurement and testing equipment in line with project standards and procedures.
Follow work permit procedure to system isolation requirement for normal & safe operation.
Checks to all the system related false alarm and installation related problems such as loop open/shorts, grounded, troubleshoot and fault diagnosis of routine/emergency breakdowns.
Responsible for Job tool box tasks, job safety analysis, creates work permits ensures correct tools, materials and procedures are following each day.
Carry out inspection and testing necessary work permits with necessary approvals from performing authority / Operation authority also co-ordinate with field area operator.
Coordination with operations, mechanical and electrical supervisory personnel to identify causes of abnormal operations and verify correct and accurate operation of instrumentation.
Responsible and assign additional modification jobs as an standby Supervisor engaged in the calibration, servicing and troubleshooting of Refinery plant instrumentation systems.
Preparation & development of PM plan and Strong background in all areas of instruments.
Discussed our findings and recommendations with the client and, if the client agrees, install and test the system to make sure it's properly working.

Job Responsibilities:
Calibration, Testing and troubleshooting of Fire and gas instruments systems.
Responsible for conduct tests on the equipments to ensure safe and efficient operation.
Testing and troubleshooting of pressure gauges, pressure switches, solenoid valves of deluge system, float foam of auto rim seal system.
Check the batteries and take appropriate action, if necessary repairs/replacements spares.
Measures the values of electrical parameters as changes when required and maintain.
Following of Cause and Effect Charts, principals of risk Assessment techniques, Mechanical & Electrical Isolation, confined space entry procedure and check lists.
Troubleshooting and immediate repairs in the event of unplanned breakdown of equipment.
Periodic checks fire and gas devices fault, trip logic checking on 2 out of N voting system and status confirmation and alarm simulation in DCS panel.
Responsible for functional and sequence logic testing, Coordination with operations team, instruments team, also fire department, Monitoring and controlling the system through DCS.
Plan and work Supervision of the maintenance installation, calibration, troubleshoot and testing of all pneumatic and electronic control instrumentation.
Ensures the provision of materials and equipment required to undertake maintenance work.
Prepares various reports on normal, breakdown and critical maintenance work.
Maintaining of good housekeeping on working sites and completing details of the jobs.

Hand on experience Fire & Gas System for Calibration & testing:
Have worked in fire alarm Smoke detection system, Linear wire heat detection and Gas detection Systems, Fire suppression system, extinguishing agent, Sprinklers water spray systems interfaced with fire alarm panels.
Troubleshooting & Alarm Testing of conversional & Addressable Optical Smoke Detectors and Heat Detectors (Tyco, Thorn Security, Apollo, Gent, Bosch, system sensor, Siemens, MEDC and Autronica) & optical Beam detector (fire ray-2000).
Calibration, Testing and troubleshooting of Combustible and toxic gas detectors in the various location in throughout plant. Make: sieger, Honeywell, Det-tronics, General Monitor, Dragger, Detcon and Apex, Netsafety, Seiger, Honeywell, Crowcon.
Troubleshooting & Testing of Flame Detector UV/IR type. Make: General monitor, Fire sentry, dragger, Netsafety, Ominiguard, Det-tronics and flameproof ultraviolet flame detector for transformers, compressor and chiller yard area.
Troubleshoot & Testing Manual Call point Make: MEDC, Thorn Security, Gent, and Autronica.
Troubleshooting & Testing of sounder, Fire horn, Beacon, make; Thorn security, MEDC, etc.
Troubleshooting & Testing of Fire Alarm Panel make: TYCO Fire panel, Minerva, Autronica, Honeywell, Gent series, C-Tec and Oldham.
Maintenance of Fire & gas system including interface with Triconex ESD, PLC System.
Testing alarm and trouble shooting of Co2 System, FM 200 System, kitchen hood system, INERGEN System, Novec system of fire extinguishing agent’s solenoid valves, directional valves and pressure switches, Make: ANSUL, KIDDE and Honeywell Autropluse IQ-318.
VESDA air Sampling smoke detection systems. Make: Xtralis, Models: VLP & stratus.
High Voice Siren System Maintenance & troubleshooting Make : Whellen
Calibration and Configuration using different SMART Transmitter’s, handheld Communicators and Configurations-Like HART 375 & 475.
Testing and troubleshooting of Deluge system, sprinkler system, Auto rim seal Floating roof system and MOV (Motor operated valve) system interfaced with fire alarm systems in the pump station, Tank area, compressor shelter, substations, control rooms and transformers. (Angus, tyco, Rotque & Limitorque).

Additional activities:
Participate in Emergency as a team member; respond to on-call on a non-routine Basis.
Coordinate with the mechanical and electrical Work activities in the event of unplanned breakdown.
Prepare and maintain proper documents day to day Calibration and functional test reports, fault and spares used records are daily, weekly and monthly basis report to project engineer.
Performs other similar duties such as observing safety rules and regulations.

Training Attended:
Work Permit Authority in QP-Dukhan field, Refinery-QATAR
H2S & Breathing Apparatus in ENERTECH –QATAR
Confined space entry in ENERTECH –QATAR
Fire Fighting Training Course in ATS-QATAR
Basic First Aid & CRP Course in ENERTECH –QATAR
IOSH (Managing safely) in Doha industrial safety service (DISS), Qatar

Strength:
Ability to work under pressure, weekends and holidays or timeline situation.
Ability to climb ladders, pulling cables and work in confined & high spaces.
Self-motivated and good team worker.
Sincere, dedicated, flexible and hardworking and always willing to learn.

Experience in India:
LA BOTTLERS PVT LTD (PEPSI-CO), Trichy- (July 2013 to April 2015)
Designation : Maintenance Technician

Tenneco automotive India Pvt ltd, Chennai- (Mar 2013 to July 2013)
Designation : Technician Trainee

TVS Logistics Services Pvt Ltd, Chennai- (Oct 2012 – Mar 2013)
Designation : Trainee

Hyundai Motor India Ltd, Chennai. (Aug 2009 – Sep 2012).
Designation : Diploma Trainee & Apprentice

Educational Qualification:
Diploma in Electrical & Electronics Engineering from The Salem Co-op Sugar Mills Polytechnic College in the year of 2009 with First class 92.1%

Computer Skills:
Diploma in computer application, MS-Office packages (word, excel, PowerPoint).
Foundation Course on Auto Cad, Electrical cad.

Family details:
Father Name : Periyasamy.M
Nationality : Indian
Date of Birth : 26.04.1987
Gender : Male
Religion : Hindu
Marital Status : Married
Languages : Tamil, English and (Hindi beginner).

Present Address:
B.NO-13, Zone no-90, Street No-430, Al Wakrah, Doha, Qatar.

Permanent Address:
No.2/348, Padayatchi Street, Thandalaiputhur post,
Musiri Taluk, Tiruchirappalli, Tamilnadu–621217.

Passport details:
Passport No : J9857185
Place of issue : Tiruchirappalli
Date of issue : 10.10.2012
Date of expiry : 09.10.2022

Declaration:
I hereby declare that all the above furnished details are true to the best of my knowledge.

Sincerely,

(Selvakumar Periyasamy)

Place: Doha, Qatar

Contact this candidate
