
Objective:
To gain a position where I'm able to leverage my interpersonal, leadership, decisions making and problem-solving abilities. As well able to connects with others regarding the importance of quality assurance and working safe.

Employment History

BNSF Railway, Chicago, IL February 2013 – Present
Mechanical Carman/ Relief Foreman

Experience in Safety, PPE and Derailment.
Experience in Data entry with Microsoft, Excel, IOS, TSS Express
Journey Man Card/ Union
FLS Qualified/ Relief Foreman

Change 4 Good, Chicago, IL 2007 – Present
Founder/Executive Director

• Recruits and trains ex-offenders to support their successful transition back into society.
• Screens ex-offenders and investigates any issues to clear participants for entry into the program.
• Provides job-readiness and career development support to ex-offenders.
• Chairman of C4G Executive Board, responsible for recruitment for Chicago Workers Collaborative.
• Coordinates and manages all internal and external communications with employees.

Cut 2 Keep Salon, Chicago, IL 2005 - Present
Owner/Operations Manager

Responsible for overall revenue and profitability of the business, including maintenance of financial records and statements.
Recruit and manage staff; maintenance of facility, and ensure professional decorum by developing and implementing a shop employee handbook.
Conducts background checks and investigates any issues to ensure employment is offered to deserving citizens.
Experience in resolving and rectifying internal and external disputes between staff or clients.
Analyze monthly financial records to identify key issues and opportunities; ability to provide productive and cost-effective solutions to issues.
Establish and build customer loyalty, ensuring client satisfaction for every service and customer interaction.

Education
Olive Harvey College, Logistics Management- Attending
Mechanical/ Transportation Knowledge of FRA, AAR,
Johnson County Community College, April 2013-2015,
DeVry University, Electronic Technician, May 1995
License Instructor, 2008
Dunbar VHS, 1994

Contact this candidate
