
CURRICULUM VITAE
Page * of *
.
Dennis Cacao Calingasan
Permanent Address: San Pablo City, Laguna, Philippines Present Address: Doha, Qatar P.O. Box 31793
Mobile Number: +974******** / +974********
Email Address: adafz2@r.postjobfree.com
Philippine Passport No.: EC4251751
Qatar ID No.: 274********
OBJECTIVE
Seeking an Operator / Maintenance / Mechanical and Electrical Technician opportunity with a growing, dynamic company, Where I can further develop my skills and continue to advance in my career. EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND
1994-1995 – INDUSTRIAL ELECTRO-MECHANICS
Don Bosco Manpower Training Development
Don Bosco College Seminary
Canlubang, Calamba, Laguna, Philippines
1993-1994 – COMPUTER PROGRAMMING
System Technology Institute (STI)
San Pablo City, Laguna, Philippines
1991-1993 – BACHELOR OF SCIENCE IN BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION Laguna College
San Pablo City, Laguna, Philippines
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
8 year experience in oil and gas industry, onshore and offshore. 9 year experience in switchboard fabrication.
6 year experience in transportation industry.
6 months experience in car manufacturing.
CURRICULUM VITAE
Page 2 of 6
Sept. 4, 2011 to Sept. 8, 2019
Ocean Team Qatar W.L.L.
QP West Support Service Area
Ghuwairiya Street IR#1
Ras Laffan, Qatar
Operations Technician / Mechanical and Electrical
Job and Role Responsibilities:
Primarily carry out Oil Care, Mechanical and Chemical cleaning at costumer site. Connect up and operate company equipment. Complete and submit daily and weekly time sheets and activity reports. Compile and submit reports on equipment condition, spare parts required etc. Advise on any modifications or better methods to carry out works. Coaching / mentoring Jr. Technicians or Trainees. Liaising with other members of the team. Carry out installation, maintenance and repairs on equipment in the workshop. Carry out Ad Hoc Activities within the company, as and when required and Adhere to the company principles and values.
Responsible in handling lube oil change and flushing activities of various equipment such as Boiler Feed Water System, Off Gas Compressor System, Steam Turbine Generator, Nitrogen Recovery Unit, Residual Gas Compressor, Solvent Charge Pump, Cold Gas Generator and Expander, Trim Heater, Oil Cooler etc.
Responsible in handling chemical cleaning activities Onshore and Offshore of various equipment such as Trim Heaters, Produced Water Systems, Fuel Gas Line, Tanks and Vessels. Responsible in preventive maintenance, troubleshoot and repair of various EX and non EX equipment such as Centrifugal Pumps, High Capacity Pumps, Electric Heaters and Distribution Panel Boards etc.
(site and workshop).
Responsible in preparation of documents for temporary power supply of equipment such as plot plan, equipment layout, power layout, site grounding layout, single line diagram, equipment load chart and equipment inspection checklist and preparation of the equipment to be used on site. Responsible in mechanical cleaning of PVI Vessels such as Oil and Water Separator, Inlet Separator, Test Separator, IGF, Non Hazardous Tank, KO Drum, Diesel Tank etc. QHSE Responsibilities:
Reporting of emergency risks, incidents, accidents, near misses and environmental issues to the QHSE Engineer, HSE Coordinator or Operations Supervisor. Ensure the correct and approved PPE is used at all times. Ensure that the correct and calibrated equipment and tooling is used at all times. Responsible for ensuring all QHSE and Work Procedures / methods are followed within his area of responsibility.
Immediate reporting of safety critical risks to the QHSE Engineer and Operations Supervisor. Ensure availability for any Incident or Accident investigations, as well as RCA related exercises. Maintain a high safety standard.
CURRICULUM VITAE
Page 3 of 6
List of Clients Visited for PVI, Lube Oil Flushing and Chemical Cleaning Services MAERSK OIL QATAR
Oil Change and Offline Filtration of Compressor and Turbine Offline Chemical Cleaning of HP, IP and LP After coolers Acid Cleaning of Crude Oil Trim Heaters, Separators, Exchangers and FG Line Online Acid Injection for Produced Water System
Acid Cleaning of Hypo chlorinators
Chemical Cleaning of the Pre Glycol K.O. Drum
Diesel Tank Cleaning
Al Shaheen Oil Field, Qatar – Offshore
BARZAN GAS ONSHORE PROJECT (Operated by RASGAS)
Pre–Mechanical Commissioning
Lube Oil Flushing of Boiler Feed Water Pump System, Residue Gas Compressor and Gas Turbine, C3 Refrigerant Compressor, SRU Combustion Air Blower and Steam Turbine, SMR Recycle Compressor and Lean Charge Pump, AGR Lean Solvent Pump, Motor and Steam Turbine, NRU Cold Gas Generator and Expander, Off Gas Compressor and Steam Turbine, MEG Centrifuge, Air Compressor and Blower. Ras Laffan Industrial City, Qatar - Onshore
RASGAS
Lube Oil Change, Filtration and Flushing of Compressor and Turbine Ras Laffan Industrial City, Qatar - Onshore
OXY – Occidental Petroleum
Lube Oil Change, Filtration and Flushing of Compressor and Turbine PS1 Platform, Qatar - Offshore
Qatar Shell Pearl GTL Ltd
MTA 1 / MTA 2 / TA2018 / TA2019
Lube Oil Change and Filtration of NG Booster Compressor, Expander, MP Propane Compressor, Regeneration Gas Compressor, SMR Combustion Air Fan, HPC / SCD Compressor, SMR FLUE Gas Fan, SMR SYNGAS Compressor, HPC Feed Pump, Etc.
Ras Laffan Industrial City, Qatar – Onshore
Qatargas
Lube Oil Change, Filtration and Flushing of Compressor and Turbine Ras Laffan Industrial City, Qatar – Onshore
ORYX GTL
Lube Oil Change, Filtration and Flushing of Compressor and Turbine Ras Laffan Industrial City, Qatar – Onshore
DOLPHIN ENERGY
Lube Oil Change, Filtration and Flushing of Compressor and Turbine Ras Laffan Industrial City, Qatar – Onshore
NORTH OIL COMPANY
Oil Change and Offline Filtration of Compressor and Turbine Offline Chemical Cleaning of HP, IP and LP After coolers Acid Cleaning of Crude Oil Trim Heaters, Separators, Exchangers and FG Line Online Acid Injection for Produced Water System
Acid Cleaning of Hypo chlorinators
Chemical Cleaning of the Pre Glycol K.O. Drum
Diesel Tank Cleaning
PVI Vessel Mechanical Cleaning of Oil and Water Separator, Inlet Separator, Test Separator and IGF Al Shaheen Oil Field, Qatar – Offshore
CURRICULUM VITAE
Page 4 of 6
EMPLOYEMENT RECORD
Sept. 25, 2008 to Sept. 4, 2011
PETROTEC (Switchgear) – Petroleum Technology Company W.L.L. - Doha, Qatar Electrical Technician / Panel Board Technician
Job and Role Responsibilities:
Responsible in assembling and fabricating of electrical panel board, cutting, drilling and bending of copper bus bar manually and by machine, layout of mounting plate and assemble of power component, control component assembly and wiring, final finishing and testing. March 31, 2008 to August 31, 2008
Total Power Box Solution Inc. - Silang, Cavite, Philippines Busbar Technician / Panel Board Technician
Job and Role Responsibilities:
Responsible in assembling and fabricating of electrical panel board, cutting, drilling and bending of copper bus bar manually and by machine, layout of mounting plate and assemble of power component, control component assembly and wiring, final finishing and testing. January 2002 to February 2008
SSTI – San Pablo Sta. Rosa Transport Inc. - San Pablo City, Laguna, Philippines Passenger Van Driver (Self Employed)
Job and Role Responsibilities:
Driving of passenger Van for hire.
August 1997 to July 2001
Fuji-Haya Electric - Canlubang, Calamba, Laguna
Busbar Technician / Panel Board Technician
Job and Role Responsibilities:
Responsible in assembling and fabricating of electrical panel board, cutting, drilling and bending of copper bus bar manually and by machine, layout of mounting plate and assemble of power component, control component assembly and wiring, final finishing and testing. July 1995 to January 1996
Toyota Motors Philippines - West Bicutan, Paranaque, Metro Manila, Philippines Welder / Door Fitter / Fender Fitter
Job and Role Responsibilities:
Responsible in fitting and alignment of car front and rear door, fitting and alignment of car fender. Spot welding of body parts.
June 1995 to July 1995
Fuji-Haya Electric - Canlubang, Calamba, Laguna, Philippines Assistant Maintenance Technician / On Job Training Job and Role Responsibilities:
Responsible in preventive maintenance, troubleshoot and repair of company equipment and tools. CURRICULUM VITAE
Page 5 of 6
SEMINARS & TRAININGS ATTENDED
BASIC H2S – OPITO Approved
Conducted by: Venture Gulf Training Centre
Doha, Qatar - November 27, 2017
T- BOSIET – OPITO Approved
Tropical Basic Offshore Safety Induction and Emergency Training
(Safety Induction / Helicopter Safety and Escape / Sea Survival and First Aid / Fire Fighting and Self Rescue)
Certificate No.: 7406550128021295115
Conducted by: Qatar International Safety Centre W.L.L. Doha, Qatar - February 26, 2012
Fire Fighting Training and Seminar
Introduction to Fire Safety Level 2
(Exit routes, Emergency Action Plans, Fire Extinguishers, and Fire Protection) Conducted by: Total Safety U.S. Inc. Qatar Branch - February 26, 2009
Permit to Work – Basic
Safety Training Course (RasGas Approved)
Conducted by: Enermech Aviation & Maritime Academy Qatar - April 07, 2010
MEDIC FIRST AID Training Program
Basic Version 6.0 (Basic CPR and First Aid for Adult) Conducted by: Total Safety Inc. Qatar - February 12, 2009
PMC Safety Induction
Pre-Mechanical Commissioning
Conducted By: Technip Chiyoda Joint Venture – November 5, 2013
T- F.O.E.T – OPITO Approved
Tropical Further Offshore Emergency Training
(Helicopter Safety and Escape / Fire Fighting and Self Rescue / Emergency First Aid) Certificate No.: 5146561406011618663
Conducted by: Venture Gulf Training Centre
Doha, Qatar – January 6, 2016
Confined Space Entry
Conducted By: Venture Gulf Training Centre
Doha, Qatar – November 27, 2017
Safe Chemical Handling
Conducted By: Total Safety L.L.C.
Doha, Qatar – March 18, 2012
CURRICULUM VITAE
Page 6 of 6
SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES
Preparation and setup of HVAC unit, Air Duct and Fans for Vessel ventilation in offshore for PVI (Pressure Vessel Inspection) job.
Handling Lube Oil Change, Filtration and Flushing activities on a various equipment Turbines, Pumps, Generators, Compressor and pipes.
Pipe and instrument fitter.
Knowledgeable in Oil Analysing / Oil Particle Count.
Knowledgeable in Chemical Cleaning operations in an Oil and Gas industry onshore and offshore.
Exposure to hydraulic and pneumatic systems incorporating pumps, compressors, valves, piping, PSV’s PRV’s etc.
Ability to handle and coordinate to clients on technical and professional issues.
Possesses leadership quality, stable disposition, strong sense of loyalty and positive outlook.
Good communication skills in English (Verbal & Written).
Adopting and responding to change.
Mature, self-motivated and well-disciplined person of sober habits.
A team player and work well with peers and supervisors.
Energetic.
24-7 Mind-set, driven by values and goal oriented.
Computer Literate.
Basic knowledge in Windows Application, (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)
Understand how to read electrical drawings, technical manuals, P&ID’s etc.
Ability to work in international environment.
Basic knowledge in carpentry, spray painting and metal fabrication.
Ability to operate machines such as cutting, bending and punching machines.
Ability to repair tools and house appliances.
Knowledgeable in installation of industrial, building, residential wiring, electrical circuit and floor planning.
Knowledgeable in Crane and Forklift Operation.
Pressure Testing of Heat Exchanger / Cooler Plates. I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge. I do hereby declare that the above particulars of information and facts stated are true, correct and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Dennis Cacao Calingasan
Applicant

Contact this candidate
