
Professional Summary
Skills
Work History
V J
P.O. Box 5393, San Mateo, CA 94402 • Home: 650-***-**** • adaf7q@r.postjobfree.com Meticulous Surgical Tech, excellent at juggling multiple tasks and working under pressure. Broad industry experience includes healthcare, finance and legal. Surgical Technologist with 27 years experience. Areas of expertise include Operating Room. Experienced Surgical Technologist professional with strong leadership and relationship-building skills. Self-motivated
Extremely organized
Strong verbal communication
Conflict resolution
Team leadership
Surgical Nurse Tech, 08/1991 to Current
Kaiser Permanente Medical Center – South San Francisco, CA Coordinated nursing care to be carried out according to Kaiser Permanente's guidelines and regulations.
Assessed team members' workloads and pitched in to help in areas where need was most evident. Collaborated with all members of a patient's healthcare team to ensure the proper and appropriate level of care.
Demonstrated ability to lead and motivate outstanding healthcare teams. Skillfully developed departmental goals, objectives, standards of performance, policies and procedures.
Routinely retracted patient throat cultures and prepared for lab submission. Administered job knowledge assessments and competency testing for certification-level training. Prepared instruments for terminal sterilization and reset surgical suites for next procedure. Collected, prepared, and disposed of medical specimens. Anticipated surgeons needs and handed instruments and supplies to surgeons during procedures. Performed and documented pre-surgery and post-surgery sponge, instrument, and needle count. Controlled bleeding during procedures by applying hemostatic clamps, suture ligatures, and electrocautery equipment.
Operated, adjusted, and monitored diagnostic equipment and other machines used during Education
procedures.
Gathered and set up equipment, tools, and supplies and arrange instruments according to surgeons' preferences or instruction.
Used sutures, staples, clips and other tools to close wounds. Created safe operating environments for invasive and non-invasive procedures. Created unobstructive operative fields by using retractors, sponges, and suction and irrigating equipment.
Measured urine and delivered specimens to lab.
Followed infection control procedures.
Established and maintained systems that safely met residents' needs. Associate of Arts: Surgical Tech, 1991
Skyline College - San Bruno, CA

Contact this candidate
