
MICHAEL M. GOTAT
Address: Brggy, Pulong Sta. Cruz,
Sta. Rosa, Laguna.
Mobile no: +639********* / +639*********
E-mail add: adafiq@r.postjobfree.com

OBJECTIVES:

To contribute and apply the knowledge and skills that have been develop and experienced towards the companys objectives and visions.

EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT:

Industrial Electro-Mechanics
Don Bosco Manpower Training School
Canlubang, Calamba Laguna
Year Graduated: June 1996

Skills and Proficiency / Qualifications:

Personal Skills — Versatile and flexible in a fast changing environment. Maintain a positive attitude and energy while performing and accomplishing tasks even under time constraint. Can work independently and a natural initiator to meet milestone of organization.

Assembly and Mechanical Skills — Perform simple to complex mechanical dexterity and assembly task. This includes incorporating components into a structure.

Tools and Equipment Skills — Handling and usage of various powered tools following workplace safely guidelines.

SPECIFIC EXPERIENCE:

COMPANY : Extra Ordinaire Janitorial & Manpower Services Inc
#82 Bernabe St. Annex 16-18 Betterliving
Subd Parañaque City
POSITION : Facilities Maintenance Technician
CLIENT : Ayala Malls. Sta Rosa Laguna
PROJECT : Building Maintenance
INCLUSIVE DATE : June 04, 2017 up to present

DUTIES / RESPONSIBILITIES:

1.Attending emergency brigade team (E.B.T) for earthquake and fire drill
2.Daily monitoring of consumables electricity, water and lpg gas supply
3.Monitoring of lvsg room
4.Building painting retouch
5.Switch on and off all building lightnings in a certain area
6.Replacing busted bulb and damages tiles
7.Weekly genset test run
8.Tracing electrical wiring fault
9.Comduct monthly preventive maintenance of airconditioning units & air cooled scroll trio compressor chiller units & chilled water pumps & AHU's
10.Visually inspect the operation of PACU's & conduct room temperature
11.Install Air-con and cranks case heaters.
12.Repair damage and dysfunctional air-con, heaters and coolers
13.Check its functions and status
14.Conduct monthly inventory of spare parts
15.Encode the reported damage of the air-con, heaters or cooler
16.Check the major parts (i.e. Refrigirants & Condenser Motors )
17.Conduct daily routine for inspections of units
18.Check leakage
19.Assist contractor for preventive maintenance of building equiptments
20.Repairing faucets, urinal & cubicle, door knob & door closer not working
21.Make sure that good housekeeping is always maintained in the work placed

COMPANY : B/E AEROSPACE B.V. PHILS. BRANCH
Lot 18, 3rd Street, First Philippine Industrial Park
Brgy, Ulango, Tanauan City, Batangas 4232
POSITION : Production Team leader
INCLUSIVE DATE : February 18 2013 to April 18 2016

DUTIES / RESPONSIBILITIES:
Job Title
Aircraft Airbus A350 Galley Manufacturing Assembly Technician

1Perform task given in daily basis and monitor in hourly manner
2Sub assembly and assembly of minor and major components
3Perform medium to high complexity and dexterity mechanical assembly
4Assembly galley main upper and structure / monuments
5Ensure that every product conforms costumer, regulatory and statutory requirements
6Assembly of electrical, plumbing, chilling, cabin air extractor additional ventilation link upper attachment drip tray ice drawer and mechanical parts
7Manufacturing of composite panels
8Ensure that equipment and tools are in good working condition
9Works with minimum supervision

Aircraft Airbus A350 Galley Manufacturing Technician

1Setting of "POGO" into the calibrated machine which specified in the electronic work instructions (EWI) given with the job order.
2Build the galley and bonding each separate panel together with the use of the structural adhesives, aided by the use of "POGO" which serves as the jig to secure the square ness and quality of each galley.
3Does structural filleting which add to the structural strength of each individual panel to combine to form one galley.
4Provides product evaluation and data report analysis
5Communicate with different department for product evaluation and testing
6Provide failure mode analysis and improvement report
7Track evaluated product from pre assembly to final assembly process
8Prepare evaluation test piece for product reliability analysis
9Monitor product improvement and countermeasure application
10Handling of all extra rework scheme (XRS) as per schematic drawing
11Potting inserts and blocks
12Decor trimming
13De-plopping composite panel

Aircraft Airbus A350 Galley Manufacturing Team Leader

Purpose of the Job
The role is primarily to participate in the manufacture/assembly of the Companys A350XWB Galley products.

Team leader must ensure that the manufacturing operations he is handling will operate at highest standard in Manufacturing Practice in relation to:
1.Productivity
2.Quality
3.Cost
4.Health and Safety
5.Continuous Improvement

Position in the Organization
Organizational Reporting

Report directly to the Supervisor & Operations Manager.
Network & Relationships

Internal:
1.Work with production planning and material supply functions to ensure attainment of Monthly Productivity Plan and Delivery.
2.Work with the other manufacturing team to ensure products are manufactured in accordance with company systems and procedures, meeting customer, international standards, regulative and legislative requirements.
3.Work with engineering teams to ensure the correct information is available in the right place at the right time.
4.Work with continuous improvement teams to support CI culture and lean manufacturing tools and techniques with in the structures business.
5.Work with tactical purchasing teams to support supplier component conformance.
6.Support the Site Quality Manager in maintaining an effective Quality management System
7.Work with Human Resource Department to ensure compliance to Company Policies and Procedures and develop a strong management and labor relationship.

External:
1.Work closely with suppliers to full development on supplied parts in terms of quality, delivery and lesser cost.

KEY RESPONSIBILITES:

1Ensure attainment of Daily and Monthly Delivery plan through effective planning and monitoring of production.
2Manage all technician assigned to section by providing them daily, weekly, monthly production plan that will guide them in attaining manufacturing target.
3Ensure team compliance to Standard Operating Procedure, process specifications and operating parameters.
4Initiate investigation on any process deviation, operation abnormalities and outline counter measure to prevent recurrence.
5Conduct regular line audit and ensure Quality Management System is being implemented and continuously updated.
6Responsible for skills development of all his staff by outlining an effective training plan and conducting training update. Maintain a training skills matrix and skills improvement plan for the team.
7Support and implement quality programs, maintain quality documentation.
8Closely work with process and design engineering to ensure updated and best practice are implemented with regard to manufacturing practice.
9Support purchasing to develop highest standard in materials supplies and delivery.
10Ensure non wastage of company resources, support manufacturing programs on cost reduction through efficient use of materials or recommend alternative.
11Ensure 100% compliance to Health and Safety program by the company.
12Promote open communication between management and manufacturing staff to promote a healthy relationship between management and employees.
13Implement discipline in line based on applicable standard and company policies.

Knowledge / Experience

1With experience in handling a large scale manufacturing plant in a supervisory position or equivalent.
2Experience in an automated manufacturing environment.
3Skills in machine preventive maintenance, trouble shooting both mechanical and electronic equipment.
4Has background and understanding on Total Productive Maintenance.

Technical Skills / Competencies

1Working knowledge and understanding of Quality and or Aerospace Standards (ISO 9000, AS9100, EASA Part 21, EASA Part 145)
2Problem Solving Skills with in an manufacturing environment
3Continuous Improvement Mindset.
4Able to read, understand and interpret engineering information including digital models.
5Effective communicator at all levels both verbal and written.
6Able to work on own initiative and as part of a team.

COMPANY : Facilities Operation and Maintenance (FACOM)
CLIENT : Royal Saudi Naval Forces
King Abdulaziz Naval Base
Al-Jubail 31951 Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
PROJECT : Process Maintenance
POSITION : Office Machine Technician
INCLUSIVE DATE : October 07, 2010 to October 30, 2012

DUTIES / RESPONSIBILITIES:

1Repairing and troubleshooting of fax machine, shredder machine and copy machine like toshiba, sharp, canon, konica minolta, kyocera mita, u-bix, nasuatech such as;
2Cleaning and checking of photoconductive drum, cleaning blade, photoconductive drum charge corona, developer and toner powder, image transfer corona, comb electrode, exposure lamp, all mirrors and lens if its a black copy or theres no copy.
3Checking of multi bypass take-up and transport, paper feed cabinet take-up and vertical transport, copier take-up, pc drum paper finger separators, fusing unit, upper and lower fuser roller, duplex unit take-up and storage, lower synchronizing roller, feed roll and separator assembly, automatic document feeder take-up, all sensors, sorter if its a paper misfeed.
4Installation and assembly of all kinds of unit.
5Manual factory resetting for removing indicating code error in control panel by using of a simulation codes.
6Make sure that good housekeeping is always maintained in the work placed.

COMPANY : Sin Ek Engineering Private Limited
21 Tuas Crescent Singapore 638715
CONSULTANCY : Foster Wheeler
CLIENT : GlaxoSmithKline Biological (GSK) Singapore
Private Limited
1st PROJECT : Singapore Bulk Vaccine Facility
POSITION : Piping Foreman
INCLUSIVE DATE : May 05, 2008 to December 02, 2008
JOB NUMBER : FWE17356
CONSULTANCY : CB&I Lummus — TOYO JV
CLIENT : Shell Singapore Refinery Plant
2nd PROJECT : Singapore Oil and Gas Refinery Plant
INCLUSIVE DATE : December 03, 2008 to December 15, 2009
JOB NUMBER : SCE 20107

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:

1Attending safety talk meeting before and after start to work.
2Supervise all worker to fit up and welding of pipes.
3Prepare manual lay-out and isometric for piping including pipe supports on certain areas required for replacement.
4Assist supervisors during fabrication and installation.
5Prepare material take-off on all necessary items to be purchased, that is equipments spare parts, piping components, gaskets, bolts, structural steels during operation shutdown.
6Site checks all existing pipe, fittings, flanges, valves installed.
7Verify any defects or damage and mark-up designated location for repair and maintenance.
8Ensured that designs comply with the relevant standards and procedures.
9Actual checking as necessary to obtain or verify information essential to preparation of drawings.
10Assist and help other when requested in the execution of their responsibilities and duties.
11Responsible for assessing effectiveness of working practices and systems with a view to improving systems, personal and team performance.
12Make sure that good housekeeping is always maintained in the work placed.
13Perform actual checking to ensure completeness of installed equipment runs.
14Report to the Head Operation Manager regarding the project development as per actual fabrication/installation and accomplishments.

COMPANY : Safari Company Limited
Riyadh 11472 Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
CLIENT : King Fahad Medical City
PROJECT : Process Maintenance
POSITION : Electrician / Generator Operator
INCLUSIVE DATE : March 26, 2006 to March 25, 2008

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:

1Wiring installation and assembly of street lights and fluorescents lamp.
2Replacement the busted fluorescent bulb, incandescent bulb and halogen bulb.
3Repairing and troubleshooting in electrical wiring and in control panel board.
4Checking and monitoring of daily routine inspections in high and low voltage substations, transformer, switch gear, uninterruptible power supply, air heating and cooling unit motor in electrical and mechanical room and generator room.
5Make sure that good housekeeping is always maintained in the work placed.
6Conduct monthly preventive maintenance.

COMPANY : Daiwa Seiko Philippines Corporation
Laguna, International Industrial, Park
LIIP, Mamplasan, Binan Laguna
POSITION : Production Preventive Maintenance
INCLUSIVE DATE : April 22, 2004 to January 22, 2006

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:

1Responsible in maintaining for the good condition and troubleshoot of all machines in the production area like, CNC automatic and manual lathe machine, milling, drilling, buffing, pressing, grinding, bar cutting, air grooving, automatic and manual straightening, heat treatment line, cooling tower, panel board, motor control, alarm sensor, coolant pump motor, servo motor, servo amplifier module, servo power supply module, servo spindle module, hydraulic, pneumatic cylinder, solenoid valve.
2Using GPP LAPTOP for inverter parameter settings programmable logic control.
3In charge in maintaining the good condition of 3 units of air compressor, 2 unit of air dryer and daily monitoring of all temperature, lighting system, plumbing, air conditioning, electrical and mechanical works, high voltage substation, cooling tower, waste water treatment.
4Material requisition and issuance of chemical.
5Make sure that good housekeeping is always maintained in the work placed.

COMPANY : Modair Manila Company Limited
Philippines Incorporation
6th Floor, Emmanuel House115 Aguirre
St. Legaspi Village, Makati City
CLIENT : Dai-chi Philippines Corporation
PROJECT : Structural and Piping Installation
POSITION : Plumber / Pipe Fitter
INCLUSIVE DATE : September 24, 1999 to January 15, 2002

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:

1Fabrication of small bore and fit-up different kind of valve.
2 Preparation and set-up of materials and fitting for hydro testing.
3 Installations of pre-fabricated pipe line checking before welding.
4Prepared piping components, gaskets, bolts, fittings, flanges, valves before installed.
5Erection fit-up alignment of valves and fabrication of spools.
6Stabilizing necessary pipe support prior to installation.
7Erection and dismantling scaffolding.
8Installations of associate valve, vent line, drain line as per plan or drawing.
9Installation of granite or stainless kitchen sink, labotory, shower, faucet and bath tab.
10Relocate of pvc pipe that have leak.
11Fabrication and installation of different kind of support.
12Repaired and changed of all fittings that have a leak.
13Make sure that good housekeeping is always maintained in the work placed.

COMPANY : Nidec-Shimpo Philippines Corporation
119, Technology Avenue, Special Economic
Zone Laguna Technopark Binan, Laguna
POSITION : Power House Maintenance
INCLUSIVE DATE : July 11, 1997 to May 25, 1999

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:

1Responsible in maintaining for the good condition of generator set, air compressor, air dryer, panel

2board, synchronizing system, high voltage substation, cooling tank water, diesel tank, transfer oil pump motor, water pump motor room and waste water treatment.
3Monitoring daily check sheets of all temperature units.
4Perform related duties as required.
5Make sure that good housekeeping is always maintained in the work placed.

COMPANY : Toyota Autoparts Philippines Incorporation
Bgry, Pulong Sta. Cruz, Sta. Rosa, Laguna
POSITION : Power Plant Maintenance
On the Job Training (OJT)
INCLUSIVE DAYE : April 08, 1996 to August 08, 1996

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:

1Responsible in maintaining for the good condition of generator set, air compressor, air dryer, panel board, synchronizing system, high voltage Substation, cooling tank water, diesel and lube oil tank, transfer pump motor, oil Pump Room, flammable liquid gas and waste water treatment.
2Monitoring daily check sheets of all temperature units.
3Perform related duties as required.

REFFERENCE:

Available upon request

I, hereby, certify that the above information are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Contact this candidate
