
•MARIA MORRISON•
Cypress, Texas *****
281-***-****
adaget@r.postjobfree.com

• ASSEMBLER SOLDER•
Innovative and experienced Assembly and solder technician, with a track record for developing and supporting assembly of high quality, oil and gas equipment for fortune companies and clients within the energy industry

•Core Competencies•
Solder (Sn-96, Pb-85, HMP) PCB• Technician• Assembly• Mechanical Assembly •Certified in Assembly Lithium Batteries • Gas Detection Equipment • Quality Management • Safety • Certified IPC-610 • JTDAS Standard’s• Engineering Schematics • Operations Streamlining

• EXPERIENCE•
W-TECHNOLOGY INC. Houston, TX 04/ 2014 - 07/2014
•ASSEMBLY SOLDER TECHNICIAN•
specialize in the assembly of rotatable connectors, precision down-hole components, molded connectors and cable assemblies, deliver solutions and customer support to the Directional Drilling, including Rotary Steerable molded high pressure connectors, boot seals, snubbers, cable assemblies, confirmed that they meet the company regulations and standard procedures.
Performed cold and heat test on the connectors once they were built, followed the Schematics, blueprints and wire diagrams. Inspected and sorted wires to ensure that were no cold solder or nicked wires.
Engraved connectors with the use of the laser machine.
After the finished assembly, inspection was performed; the product was ready to be packed, labeled per customer request and sends it to stock-room for proper delivery

THE MUDLOGGIN COMPANY/EMPIRICA ENERGY SERVICES• HOUSTON, TX 10/2011- 01/2015
• ASSEMBLY SOLDER TECHNICIAN•
Manufactured, tested, and repaired gas detection equipment for oil and gas service industry. Collaborated closely with shop supervisor, tester, and mechanical, chemical, and electrical engineers on complex assemblies of gas detection equipment; assisted engineers with building prototypes.
Produced components by assembling parts and sub-assemblies; prepared work to be accomplished by studying assembly instructions, wiring diagrams, blueprints, and parts list.
Verified specifications by measuring completed components using tape measure; resolved assembly problems by altering dimensions to meet specifications, and notified supervisor to obtain resources needed for repairs.
Constructed and assembled instrumentation such as dual high speed gas chromatographs, total hydrocarbon analyzers, and whole laboratory purge systems base engineering schematics and blueprints.
Served as a quality control specialist, promoting proper connectivity and assembly of parts involved in the project. Maintained safe and clean working environment by complying with all procedures, rules, and regulations.
Built prototype printed circuit boards (PCBs) based on changes provided by research and development division; ensured proper product function by following wiring diagrams, schematics, and plumbing charts.
Performed high-quality material handling and assembly of units; prepared and cut tubing based on blueprints using hand tools and tube benders to manually/mechanically bend tubing, and attached tubing to valves; wired terminals and printed circuit boards by following schematics.
Recognized for recommendations to improve organizational effectiveness and efficiency through to facilitate project management while serving as a technical resource for quality programs.

GYRODATA INCORPORATED. HOUSTON, TX 03/2012- 07/2012
ELECTRONIC ASSEMBLER.
Assemble bench level mechanical and electrical precision downhole oil well guidance equipment using hand tools repair in-house equipment to support field operations, built and solder wire harnesses, assemble and repair thru hole and surface mount printed circuit boards, tried to solve problems analyze and apply judgment through troubleshooting with tools on precision downhole oil well guidance equipment, use skills and experience to improve and innovate Engineering Department projects
Assemble, maintain and repair new and existing products according to drawings, schematics, written and oral directions, Use skills and experience to improve and innovate Engineering Department projects.

WEATHERFORD INTERNATIONAL LTD. HOUSTON, TX 05/2009 – 10/2011
Repair and Maintenance (R&M) Technician / LWD II
Assembled, rebuilt, and performed all diagnostic testing on lithium batteries, repairing units for down logging tools and building new units from scratch to drive operations.Served as primary R&M Tech performing all repairs for 1.5-year duration.
Built diagnostic lithium batteries (small, medium, and large—4, 6, and 8-cells); repaired old tools, replaced faulty component, and performed functional testing of units under load.
Read schematics and bills of materials, ensuring complete functionality for all levels of assembly.
Monitored shop safety and quality assurance issues effectively, ensuring proper storage and handling of safety equipment and reporting safety hazards to supervisor.
Attended Safety Hazard Battery Course; had to wear special protective gears and clothing; placed battery in special containers to properly dispose of material. Performed tests of units on loads for batteries.

PATHFINDER ENERGY SERVICES. HOUSTON, TX 09/2002- 04/2009
ELECTRONIC ASSEMBLER III
Manufactured all manner of directional drilling equipment and well-logging tools, supporting production units with repair and new tool development. Demonstrated strong proficiency with wiring panel boxes, relays, and color coding.
Assembled products per existing engineering and customer specifications. Provided component level repair and maintained quality control for all work performed.
Earned reputation for quickly assembling products three times quicker on average, reducing hours while adhering to specifications.
Maintained and updated assembly and QC procedures, as well as engineering change orders (ECOs).

Halliburton Energy Services. Houston, TX 04/1999-04/2002
Electronic Assembler II.
Responsible for building down-hole logging tools to strict quality control standards. This includes the assembly, wiring, soldering (high temp) PB-85, SN-96, with the use of the schematics, drawings Procedures to the latest Rev, updating older tools, inspection and checking point to point with a meter. Also involved in surface mount PC board assembly, and building and wiring control panels for logging trucks build down-hole logging tools to strict quality control standards. Assembled, wired and soldered (high temp), read wire schematics, updated older tools to the newest revision level,

. •SKILLS•
Blueprints, schematics, mechanical drawings, Build of Materials (BOM’s), SAP, solder, (Sn-96, Pb-85, HMP) PCB assembler,surfacemount, thru-hole assembly.
Digital multi-meter, color-coded electronic wire charts, wire line, wire harness, crimping, wire bundles without the use of loom, wire relay circuits, point-to-point wiring.
Performing daisy chaining in most common wires.
Certified IPC-610, electronic and electromechanical assembler.
High-quality assembly of units using battery-powered and hand tools.
Mechanically inclined, Read a tape measure, Follow instructions Work independent or as a team, Capable of using hand and power tools. High Torche
• EDUCATION•

Institution:
Bellaire Senior High School
Course of Study: G.E.D
Education Level: other
If you selected: ( Studied until 11th grade)
Graduation Date : Aug 1987

Contact this candidate
