
Chelsea Pinson
Front desk Receptionist - RHE HatCo
Plano, TX
adag9c@r.postjobfree.com
903-***-****
I possess multiple years of experience in the general data entry field as well as 3 plus years in medical billing & coding. I am extremely ambitious and goal driven to make a further my education and career. Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience
Front desk Receptionist
RHE HatCo - Garland, TX
August 2017 to Present
Fielding telephone calls, Switchboard, take messages and answer questions about the company to the best of my ability.
Provide general office support including, copying, faxing, and mailing.
I am proficient in Microsoft word, Excel, and PowerPoint. Front Desk/Receptionist
Bailey's Academy - Carrollton, TX
January 2015 to May 2017
Managed front area, including greeting visitors and replying to telephone and in-person requests for information.
Served as central point of contact for all daycare parents and potential students needing to gain access to the building.
Made copies, sent faxes, and handled all outgoing correspondence. Receptionist/ shampoo tech
Head Hunters Salon - Longview, TX
December 2012 to December 2014
TX
Receptionist/Shampoo Tech
Managed appointment scheduling and maintained front desk and reception area in a neat and organized fashion.
Operated switchboard to distribute calls to different extensions.
Assisted with shampooing customers and placing them under hair dryer. Doctor's Technician / receptionist
Longview Vision Center - Longview, TX
April 2010 to December 2012
Collected, managed, and monitored the status of confidential patient medical records and documentation.
Processed daily payments from insurance companies, patients, and other medical providers.
Performed eye exam pre-tests and work ups, Assessed and interpreted patient medical records and documentation to determine proper care path and resources. Education
Some college
Skills
Microsoft excell (6 years), Microsoft powerpoint (5 years), Marketing (3 years), Customer Relationship Management (3 years), Receptionist, Scheduling, Billing, Data Entry, Microsoft Office, Outlook, Organizational Skills, Filing, Sales, Communications, Microsoft Excel, Excel, Salesforce, retail sales, Business Development

Contact this candidate
