
Forklift Operator, Shipping and Receiving, Material Handling,

**** ****** **** **

Davison, MI, 48423

1-810-***-****

Forklift Operator/Warehouse

Bay Logistics - Flint, MI

March 2019 to July 2019

Shipping Outbound orders, Picking and Bill of Lading, using RT scan gun, Using the reach truck to locate and retrieve Bulk Material, Providing the truck driver with Pick List and BOL (Bill Of Lading) paper work

Forklift Operator

WIT Logistics - Flint, MI

February 2019 to March 2019

I work in the shipping and receiving department. Receiving Inbound Shipments, Shipping Outbound orders,

Picking and Bill of Lading for T1, T2,T,3, WWW, and Minomi using RT scan gun, Using the reach truck to locate and retrieve Bulk Material, Using the Stock Chaser to locate and retrieve Small Lot Material Materials, Providing the truck driver with Pick List and BOL (Bill Of Lading) paper work

Assembly Line Worker

Toyo Seats - Imlay City, MI

August 2018 to February 2019

Assembled car seats. Manufacturing experience, Visual inspections, Machinery operations

Production Worker/Forklift Operator

Aspen Technologies - Brighton, MI

December 2017 to August 2018

Develop, manufacture and assemble specialized polyurethane foam products for the Automotive Industry, as well as Heavy Truck & Sport/Recreation markets. Forklift driving. Inspected all end products for quality and satisfaction to ensure customer specified standards are continually met. Trained staff of 10 direct labor employees to perform assembly and manufacture of product. Set and monitored product standards, examining samples of raw products and processing tests, to ensure the quality of all finished products. Monitored machine operation and diagnosed malfunctions. Configured any human and material resources needed. Managed team performance by training, mentoring, disciplining and motivating employees.

Assistant Manager

Dollar General - Flint, MI

January 2014 to December 2017

Employed Supervises entry-level employees, assisting in the hiring process, overseeing retail operations, and ensuring customer satisfaction. Holding up policies, dealing with disputes, making sure displays and shelves are stocked to store plan, keeping prices correct, meeting monthly targets, training staff, managing deliveries, putting together schedules or managing shifts, checking bags / purses at the end of employees shifts. I assist and support the Store Manager for the daily operations of the store. I also makes sure that standards and goals are being followed and achieved. I take part in helping the employees achieve growth both personally and career wise. Team building, Conflict resolution, Employee engagement, Exceptional time management skills, and Adaptable

Cashier/Stocker/Forklift Driver

Great Giant Supermarket - Flint, MI

October 2001 to June 2014

Receive payment by cash, check, credit cards, vouchers, or automatic debits. Issue receipts, refunds, credits, or change due to customers. Greet customers entering establishments. Maintain clean and orderly checkout areas. Issue trading stamps, and redeem food stamps and coupons. Resolve customer complaints. Weigh items sold by weight to determine prices. Driven the forklift. Stock shelves, and mark prices on shelves and items.

Installation Technician

Telecom Technician Inc. - Madison Heights, MI

February 2000 to May 2001

Note differences in wire and cable colors so that work can be performed correctly. Test circuits and components of malfunctioning telecommunications equipment to isolate sources of malfunctions, using test meters, circuit diagrams, polarity probes, and other hand tools. Remove loose wires and other debris after work is completed. Assemble and install communication equipment such as data and telephone communication lines, wiring, switching equipment, wiring frames, power apparatus, computer systems, and networks. Test connections to ensure that power supplies are adequate and that communications links function. Remove and replace plug-in circuit equipment. Route and connect cables and lines to switches, switchboard equipment, and distributing frames, using wire-wrap guns or soldering irons to connect wires to terminals. Place intercept circuits on terminals to handle vacant lines in central office installations.

Sales Associate

Radio Shack - Flint, MI

August 1998 to March 2000

Describe merchandise and explain use, operation, and care of merchandise to customers. Recommend, select, and help locate or obtain merchandise based on customer needs and desires. Compute sales prices, total purchases and receive and process cash or credit payment. Answer questions regarding the store and its merchandise. Prepare sales slips or sales contracts. Maintain knowledge of current sales and promotions, policies regarding payment and exchanges, and security practices. Demonstrate use or operation of merchandise. Inventory stock and requisition new stock. Ticket, arrange and display merchandise to promote sales. Exchange merchandise for customers and accept returns. Open and close cash registers, performing tasks such as counting money, separating charge slips, coupons, and vouchers, balancing cash drawers, and making deposits.

Education

Electronic Engineering

Mott Community College - Flint, MI

2003 to 2003

Electronic Engineering

ITT Technical Institute - Troy, MI

2002 to 2002

High School Diploma

Central High School - Flint, MI

1999 to 2000

Skills

Inventory Control

Warehouse

RF scanner

Shipping and Receiving

Pallet Jack

Forklift Operator

Microsoft Word

Certifications/Licenses

Forklift Operator

Contact this candidate
