
DEREK HAWTHORNE
317-***-****
adagz0@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn URL: https://www.linkedin.com/in/derek-hawthorne-ba20a4a

Microbiology and Chemistry Laboratory Technician

PROFESSIONAL PROFILE
Over 27 years experience in conducting chemical, biological and physical laboratory testing, with superior quantitative and qualitative analyses abilities.
Effectively perform laboratory tests in compliance with project objectives, prescribed standards, policies and procedures, regulatory agency guidelines, and OSHA requirements.
Proficiently set up, operate, calibrate, and maintain leading edge laboratory instrumentation/ equipment.
Adept in correlating data, making logical analyses and interpreting quality control parameters. Excellent test reporting and records management skills.
Applied principles of logic or scientific thinking to a wide range of intellectual and practical problems by dealing with non-verbal symbolism (formulae, scientific equations and graphs) in more difficult phases, along with a variety of abstract and concrete variables.
LIMS and IC (ion chromatography: Anions and Cations).
Certified, OSHA Safety Training (40-hour).
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
SpaceKraft/International Paper – Indianapolis, IN

Quality Lab Technician (2012- Present)
Responsible for food safety as directed by HACCP and SQF 8 code for food packaging manufacturers.
Implementation of continuous improvement activities utilizing product and process data including the development of facilitation teams.
Promote efficient and effective production by assisting associates with qualitative analysis.
Ensure customer satisfaction while building trust in product quality.
Adherence to US FDA, Dairy, SQF, HACCP and other agreed upon product safety requirements.
Inspect and validate incoming raw material to meet proper requirements.
Communication and management of quality processes including technical writing, software application and reports.
Optimal management of scrap control.
Support of corrugated IBC manufacturing including maintaining logs, record databases, quality analysis, lab testing, problem solving and special projects.

Veolia Water Indianapolis, LLC/Indianapolis Water Company – Indianapolis, IN 1992-2010
Lab Technician III (2006 – 2010)
•Conducted a variety of complex chemical, biological, and physical tests required for research, development or quality control. Compiled data for reports. Assisted in special studies in the laboratory and in the field.
•Collected water samples in the field as assigned and performs tests such as turbidity, alkalinity, pH and residual chlorine. Performed complex quantitative and qualitative analyses to determine chemical and physical properties of experimental and developmental materials.
•Performed trace contaminant analysis using laboratory instrumentation. Performed investigative analysis such as break point determinations.
•Prepared chemical solutions used in performing water analysis following standardized formulas or experimental procedures. Assisted in maintaining an inventory of chemical stores. Collected and logged all Materials Safety Data Sheet (MSDS) documents for chemical stores.
•Recommended Standard Operating Procedures (SOP’s) for new methods. Informed Laboratory Supervisory immediately of any personnel, equipment, instrument and material problems and SOP or methodology deviations. Responded to and documents any necessary corrective action.
•Responded to customer inquiries by performing wet chemistry analysis and completing proper reports.
•Assisted in other areas and with special projects.

Construction Supervisor (2004-2005)
•Took on special assignment, collaborating with Engineering Department in spearheading water main/facility construction projects in compliance with safety, policy and procedural guidelines.
•Applied scientific expertise and strong research/analysis skills toward providing recommendations on developing and relocating water main facilities/services.
•Demonstrated dynamic leadership and project administration skills in coordinating and supervising subcontractors, training personnel, determining materials/parts needs, containing costs, and facilitating customer relations.

Lab Technician I and II (1992-2004)
•Effectively conducted chemical, biological and physical tests of water samples for turbidity, alkalinity, pH, residual chlorine, trace contaminant, and investigative analyses.
•Accurately prepared chemical solutions and proficiently utilize and maintain laboratory apparatus and equipment.
•Efficiently compiled and prepared complex reports, records and charts.
•Facilitated compliance with regulatory, industry, safety, and sanitation standards.
•Proactively consult with customers to address water quality issue inquiries.
•Strategically manage chemical inventory to achieve optimal stock levels.

EDUCATION
University of Louisville, KY
Bachelor of Arts, Biology; 1991
Full Football Scholarship
Fiesta Bowl Championship

EQUIPMENT AND TECHNICAL EXPERTISE

AFFILIATIONS
Member/Mentor, Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity Inc.

Contact this candidate
