
Tiffany
Hoskins
*** ***** ****** **** **.
Booneville, KY, 41314
606-***-****
adagh0@r.postjobfree.com
CAREER OBJECTIVE
Results-oriented recent graduate with a Phlebotomists Technician in Phlebotomy Technician (3.8 GPA), with 7.5+ years of work experience. Aiming to leverage academic experience and a proven knowledge of customer communications, records management, and customer service to successfully fill the Phlebotomists Technician role at your company. Frequently praised as quality-oriented by my peers, I can be relied upon to help your company achieve its goals. EDUCATION
Jan 2019
International Academy of Phlebotomy Sciences Inc.
Columbus, OH
Phlebotomists Technician Phlebotomy Technician
GPA: 3.8
Relevant Course: Practical Course for Phlebotomy
Award And Honor: Honor Student High School Graduate 3.8 GPA, Adult Educational Tutor Honors award
Extracurricular Activity: Breathitt County Boys Basketball Booster President, Breathitt Boys County Football Treasurer, Vision AAU Basketball Program council
Jun 2001
Owsley County High School
Booneville, KY
High School Diploma
GPA: 3.8
Relevant Course: Anatomy, Chemistry, Biology
Award And Honor: Honor Student
Extracurricular Activity: Basketball Team, Technology Student Association
(TSA) Treasurer, FHA President, Reginal President, State Vice President, FFA Treasurer, Softball Team, Glee Club, Student Nutrition and Dietetics Association (SNDA)
WORK EXPERIENCE
United Health Care, San Diego, CA
Jan 2019
Sep 2016
Customer Service Representative/Home based Position Confer with customers by telephone or in person to provide information about products or services, take or enter orders, cancel accounts, or obtain details of complaints.
Keep records of customer interactions or transactions, recording details of inquiries, complaints, or comments, as well as actions taken. Check to ensure that appropriate changes were made to resolve customers' problems.
Refer unresolved customer grievances to designated departments for further investigation.
Resolve customers' service or billing complaints by performing activities such as exchanging merchandise, refunding money, or adjusting bills. Compare disputed merchandise with original requisitions and information from invoices and prepare invoices for returned goods. Complete contract forms, prepare change of address records, or issue service discontinuance orders, using computers.
Order tests that could determine the causes of product malfunctions. Owsley County Adult Education Center, Booneville, KY Dec 2012
Feb 2012
Adult Education Tutor
Counsel individuals to help them understand and overcome personal, social, or behavioral problems affecting their educational or vocational situations. Maintain accurate and complete student records as required by laws, district policies, and administrative regulations.
Prepare students for later educational experiences by encouraging them to explore learning opportunities and to persevere with challenging tasks. Evaluate students' or individuals' abilities, interests, and personality characteristics using tests, records, interviews, or professional sources. Assess needs for assistance such as rehabilitation, financial aid, or additional vocational training, and refer clients to the appropriate services. Prepare reports on students and activities as required by administration. Buckhorn State Resort Park, Buckhorn, KY
Feb 2009
Mar 2007
Auditor/Front Desk Clerk
Greet, register, and assign rooms to guests of hotels or motels. Make and confirm reservations.
Issue room keys and escort instructions to bellhops. Keep records of room availability and guests' accounts, manually or using computers.
Perform bookkeeping activities, such as balancing accounts and conducting nightly audits.
Post charges, such those for rooms, food, liquor, or telephone calls, to ledgers manually or by using computers.
Compute bills, collect payments, and make change for guests. Review accounts and charges with guests during the check out process. Answer inquiries pertaining to hotel services, guest registration, and travel directions, or make recommendations regarding shopping, dining, or entertainment.
Record guest comments or complaints, referring customers to managers as necessary.
ACS, Beattyville, KY
Feb 2007
Jan 2006
Mail Room/Data Entry
Operate office machines, such as photocopiers and scanners, facsimile machines, voice mail systems, and personal computers. Answer telephones, direct calls, and take messages. Maintain and update filing, inventory, mailing, and database systems, either manually or using a computer.
Communicate with customers, employees, and other individuals to answer questions, disseminate or explain information, take orders, and address complaints.
Open, sort, and route incoming mail, answer correspondence, and prepare outgoing mail.
Compile, copy, sort, and file records of office activities, business transactions, and other activities.
Compute, record, and proofread data and other information, such as records or reports.
Complete work schedules, manage calendars, and arrange appointments. Review files, records, and other documents to obtain information to respond to requests.
Inventory and order materials, supplies, and services. ACS, Beattyville, KY
Feb 2007
Jan 2006
Mail Room/Data Entry
Operate office machines, such as photocopiers and scanners, facsimile machines, voice mail systems, and personal computers. Answer telephones, direct calls, and take messages. Maintain and update filing, inventory, mailing, and database systems, either manually or using a computer.
Communicate with customers, employees, and other individuals to answer questions, disseminate or explain information, take orders, and address complaints.
Open, sort, and route incoming mail, answer correspondence, and prepare outgoing mail.
Compile, copy, sort, and file records of office activities, business transactions, and other activities.
Compute, record, and proofread data and other information, such as records or reports.
Complete work schedules, manage calendars, and arrange appointments. Review files, records, and other documents to obtain information to respond to requests.
Inventory and order materials, supplies, and services. ADDITIONAL SKILLS
I am trained in Microsoft Word, Excel and Spreadsheet I have amazing fileing skills on computers and paper fileing CREDENTIALS AND LICENSES
Certified Phlebotomist Technician License Number: KY24140E119 REFERENCES
BRENDA DEATON, Manager Jordan Drug, Jordan Drug Pharmacy
606-***-**** - adagh0@r.postjobfree.com - Former Manager SCOTTY COMBS, Advanced Practice Registered Nurse and Clinic Manager, Juniper Health
606-***-**** - adagh0@r.postjobfree.com - Friend BRITTANY BOBROWSKI MD, Physician, Owsley County Medical Clinic 1-859-***-**** - adagh0@r.postjobfree.com - Friend

Contact this candidate
