
Career Summary
A award winning and highly knowledgeable mechanical engineering technician, skilled in lean manufacturing, PLC programming, robot programming and 3D modeling. Excellent communication skills, highly motivated and self-directed individual with acute analytical skills.

Technical Expertise
AutoCAD and Inventor.
PLC and ABB robot programming.
Hydraulic and pneumatic.
Able to understand and solve complex mathematical problems.
Proficient in Microsoft office- Power point, Excel and Word.
SPC tools.
Lean manufacturing
Education
Mechanical Engineering Technician Program
Niagara College Canada – Welland, Ontario

Relevant Courses
Tool and Die Design
Engineering Drawings
Technical Communication
Program Logic controls
Manufacturing processes.
Robotics
Flexible Manufacturing system
Dimensional Metrology
Computer Aided Drafting
Quality Improvement tools.
Computer Aided Manufacturing
Awards and Achievements
Honor Standing Award 2017
Niagara Scholar Award 2018
TOWES (Test of Workplace essential skills for BOEING) 2018

Work History
Auto CAD Drafter
DJEPETO interior woodworks, Mississauga, ON
Develop engineering drawings using Auto cad.
Conduct Measurements, compiling data for construction of engineering drawings.
Prepare installation plans.

CNC Programmer Feb 2019-Present
Federal Screen Products, Mississauga
Using Flowpath software to make the programs from blueprints.
Designed Jigs for cutting bolt holes on B.C.D. in flanges.
Setup and operation of FLOW waterjet.
General maintenance, changing ruby orifice, mixing tube, calibrating machine.
User friendly with software’s like flowpath, flowcut, Mastercam
Operating and programming Lathe
Changing inserts, adjusting tool offsets etc.
Using the gauges and calipers for checking dimensions of the part.
Drafting Technician Dec 2018-Feb 2019
Djepeto Wood Works, Mississauga
Preparing Blueprints of Cabinets using Auto-CAD
Preparing Drawings for customers
Editing drawings according to the demand of customers

Line Cook
Moksha Indian Bistro, Niagara Falls, ON Dec 2016 – Nov 2018
Developed a process to make appetizers which improves the overall efficiency of service time using the principles of lean.
Manage the food truck in terms of customer service and preparation of food.

Contact this candidate
