
219-***-**** adag18@r.postjobfree.com
Professional Summary
Multi-skilled Automotive Technician with 6+ years of experience and proficiency in Diesel, Gasoline, 2 Stroke, 4 Stroke, and Marine Engines.
Skills

Diagnostics Knowledge
Equipment Calibration
Interior Equipment Installation
Management Experience
Trusted Key Holder
Proficient in Cash Management
POS Systems Expert
Computer Proficient
Shop Math
Top-quality Workmanship
Excellent Customer Service Skills

Work History
Ramp Technician 04/2016 08/2016
Mi-Jack Products
Hazelcrest, IL
Performed required repairs and scheduled maintenance on gantry cranes and other equipment
Tested and repaired electrical systems and PLC drive control systems
Tested and repaired hydraulic systems

Mechanic, 2015-April, 2016 April
Williams National Lease
Michigan City, Indiana
Executed preventative maintenance work orders.
Followed standards and procedures to maintain safe work environment.
Repaired, replaced and adjusted brakes and brake pads.
Tested vehicles and their components and systems
Repaired damaged trailers
Custom cut and install of dot bumpers
Replaced Hubs and Bearing sets
Performed D.O.T. inspections

Mechanic, 2010 – 2015
Greene’s Truck & Auto Service – Fleet Services (Citizen’s Energy Group) – Indianapolis, Indiana
Executed preventative maintenance work orders.
Followed standards and procedures to maintain safe work environment.
Repaired, replaced and adjusted brakes and brake pads.
Tested vehicles and their components and systems.
Operated equipment such as infrared engine analyzers, compression gauges and computerized diagnostic devices.
Conducted routine and scheduled maintenance services such as oil changes, lubrications and tune-ups.
Safely used all hand and power tools.
Diagnosed computer and electrical failure with appropriate testing equipment.
Managed and maintained the necessary level of supplies in the shop.
Verified vehicle serviceability by conducting test drives and adjusting controls and systems.
Disassembles engines and repaired defective parts.
Replaced drive and hydraulic systems.
Customized up-fitting for new fleet vehicles

Service Technician, 2003 – 2004
Neilson Buick & Subaru – Portage, Indiana
Repaired, replaced and adjusted brakes and brake pads.
Tested vehicles and their components and systems
Conducted routine and scheduled maintenance services such as oil changes, lubrications and tune-ups.
Communicated effectively with customers on future problems and repairs that might need to be addressed.
Reviewed work orders and discussed them with supervisors.

Service Technician, 2001 – 2003
Bosak Honda – Highland, Indiana
Repaired, replaced and adjusted brakes and brake pads.
Conducted routine and scheduled maintenance services such as oil changes, lubrications and tune-ups.
Communicated effectively with customers on future problems and repairs that might need to be addressed.
Reviewed work orders and discussed them with supervisors.
Education
Andrean High School, Merillville, IndianaHigh School Diploma – 2000
Certifications

ASE: Brake; Truck Repair
Fork Lift Operator

Contact this candidate
