
Jeffrey H. White

*** **** ****** ******, ******, NC 28088
Cell: 980-***-**** / E-mail: adagf4@r.postjobfree.com

My objective: To support the growth and profitability of an organization that provides challenge, encourages advancement, rewards achievement, values experience, encourages interaction, appreciates the opportunity to utilize one’s personal skills, for the exchanging of time and requirements by financial gain and reasonable benefits.

Skill Profile:

Experienced in: Planning, Establishing, Operating and Owning a Personal Small Business.
Qualified in: Assisting research and development team with new startup projects and product process’s.
Established: and used process procedure’s and controls for data collecting in product quality, verification and safety.
Knowledgeable in: Blue print reading, bill of materials documents, work orders, job process instructions and the use of computers for process transactions and inventory control with the ability and training in Kaizan, Six Sigma and Five S.
Skilled in: The use of measuring devices such as tape measures, torqueing tools, calipers, micrometer, depth micrometer, pin gages and certified weight scales use in obtaining quality.
Accomplished in: Production machine operation and the selection of the machine tooling to be used per work orders. Product assembly, commercial construction, renovation, facility maintenance, welding, basic electrical, plumbing and fiberglass repair. Ability to use hand tools, power tools, lift devices and surveying equipment.
Ability to: Work with and train other team members, identifies problems, trouble shoot, implement solutions and be an effective team leader.

Education:

Central Piedmont Community College
Charlotte, North Carolina - Oxyacetylene Welding/Cutting, Shielded Metal Arc Welding
Gas Tungsten Arc Welding, Commercial/Industrial Studies

Stanly Community College
Albemarle, North Carolina - Auto Mechanics Technology Diploma

Mount Pleasant High School
Mount Pleasant, North Carolina - High School Diploma

Rowan Cabarrus Community College
Salisbury, North Carolina
Certifications:

MSSC Certified Production Technician, 2016
Certified NSC Forklift Technician/Driver, 2016
Swagelok of North Carolina and East Tennessee, 2015
Electronics Engineering, Certificate, 2010
North Carolina Fast Trac Small Business Center Certificate, 2010
CIS110 Introduction to Computers, 2010
North Carolina Career Readiness Certificate, Silver, 2009
Introduction to Computers, 2009
Computer Empowerment, 2009
American Sign Language, 2004
Basic Blueprint Reading/Arc Welding Certificate, 1981

Virtual Engineering Composites, VEC University, Greenville, PA
New Installation of Composite Processes Training Certificate, 2007

Laser Institute of America, 2000
Laser Safety Instruction Certificate

North Carolina Department of Labor, 1984
G.N.J.A.C. Construction Trades, Carpentry Course Certificate

Employment History:

04/2019 – Present Ilmor Marine
Exhaust Manifold Assembly Production Technician:
Inspects component’s before assemble. Informs Quality of defects.
Repairs damage component’s for use.
Repairs component’s for cosmetic acceptability of defects.
Removes engine components for rebuild.
Assemble engine components to complete engine builds.
Assist in other areas of engine builds.

07/2018 - 04/2019 Staff Mark of Mooresville, NC
Ilmor Marine
Exhaust Manifold Assembly Production Technician:
Assemble engine component’s to complete engine builds.
Cavotec
Assembly Production Technician:
Machine Assembly.
Shipping & Receiving.
Inventory and Parts Processing.
Fork truck Driver.

10/2017 - 07/2018 MacLane Fogg
Production Technician Associate:
Operate Multi Spindle Position Lathe.
Changes tooling at end of tool life. Adjust machine tooling positions in order to keep close tolerances of parts being made.
Uses Micrometers, Depth, OD and ID gages to assure parts are being made to blueprint maniacal drawings tolerances.
Keep parts track and machine free of machining materials.
Operates, cleans and calibrates Auto gage parts checking machine.
Clean working area at end of shift to maintain a safe work environment.
Able to work in a team environment or own.
Metal Saw and Material Operator:
Operate Metal Bar Stock Cutting Saw.
Supplies Materials to CNC Machines for finish part processing.

11/2016 - 08/2017 Alevo, Inc. Concord, NC
Production Technician Associate:
Operate HMI Electro Welding Machine. Change welding tip’s and trouble shoot machine running process.
Operate HMI Electro Sorting Machine. Trouble shoots machine running process.
Enter machine down time and scrap into computer data base.
Preforms Quality Checks on produced materials.
Assist in other departments as needed by work demand.

07/2015 - 05/2016 Agility Fuel Solution’s, Salisbury, NC
Assembly Associate:
Used computers for unit tracking process and inventory control of Compress Natural Gas Systems Units.
Use blue prints, bill of materials and work processes to build and assemble units. Assembled parts for unit installation into units.
Installed small brackets, frame mounting brackets, rock deflecting plates, light wire harness, main wire harness to units for installation onto trucks.
Assembled, cut, bent and flared stainless steel tubing and cooling lines units for install into Compress Natural Gas Units.
Assisted in tank valve prep work for units.
Installed fuel management modules and tanks to units.
Certified in leak test detecting while units are under high pressure.
Assisted in installation of painted panels and doors to units.
Mounted units to shipping rails, assembled shipping crates and warped units for shipping.
Assisted in Install department with prep work for installation of units to trucks.
Worked in other departments as needed.
Assisted in the New Product Prototype Assembly.
Used hand tools, impact tools, torqueing tool, measuring devices in the assembly of units.
Ability to work well with other assembly associates.

05/2012 - 12/2014 SouthLand Gun Company, Albemarle, NC
Owner, Operator.

05/2011 - 05/2012 Wal- Mart Express, Richfield, NC
Produce Associate: Stocking Produce, Ordering, Inventory Control, Cleaning counters and back stock room. Price changes as needed.

07/2007 - 02/2009 Commercial Vehicle Group, Concord, NC
Virtual Engineered Composite Operator: Operated injection risen mold process. Installation of vessels and composite molds, foam molds, fiber glass mold repair, coating applications, releasing agents, fiber glass installation, component assembly, and equipment maintenance.

10/2006 - 03/2007 Freightliner, LLC, Cleveland, NC
Truck Assembler: Install front axles and drive lines, supplied rear axles and tighten them to frames. Used computer to identify parts for truck frames units.

06/2006 - 10/2006 Salisbury Custom Woodwork, LLC, Salisbury, NC
Cabinet Assembler: Applied laminate to cabinets, assemble cabinets, used wood working equipment and hand tools.

08/2005 - 02/2006 Smart Belt, Stanfield, NC
Machine Assembler: Assist lead person in the assembly of conveyors and machines. Performed light welding of machine parts as needed.

01/2000 - 07/2005 Owens Corning, Concord, NC
Machine Operator Level II, Tip Assembly Backup: Quality control, repair parts, PAW CNC machine operation and tooling set-up, operation of Class 4 lasers, computer transactions, assembly of parts from blue prints, TIG welding, use of Automation Inline TIG welder, use of annealing ovens, material tracking, and safety awareness.

10/1986 - 01/2000 University of North Carolina at Charlotte, Charlotte, NC
Renovation & Maintenance Mechanic III: Work from blueprints and work orders for construction and installation of internal wall systems, door frames, doors, window units, flooring, cabinets, ceiling systems, basic structural welding, environmental safe removal of demolition materials, manage other lower grade associates in sub-supervisory capacity.

10/1980 - 10/1986 Rodgers Builders, Charlotte, NC
Surveying Engineer, Carpenter: Survey layouts for buildings, parking lots, storm drains, walkways, internal wall systems. Build forms for concrete placement. Supervised other workers in absence of supervisor.

Contact this candidate
