
RESUME
BHASKARARAO GANDAMGATTU ADDRESS:
adagvi@r.postjobfree.com D.NO 27-7-28/10 Srinagar Gajuwaka Phone: +91-834******* Visakhapatnam Andra Pradesh
PIN 530026 INDIA
To achieve a challenging position where I can effectively contribute my skills, which offers professional growth while being resourceful, innovative and flexible. 5 years of professional experience in operations & maintenance of metro rail equipment’s like Rollingstock, Signaling, Brakes, VAC, Propulsion, Zone Controller & field equipment Controller Station operations and electrical equipment 33/11/0.433KV voltage level substations consisting Siemens and ABB make VCB’s, Merlin-Gerlin make RMU’s, ABB make ACB’s, CG make power & Distribution transformers, Emerson make UPS, ABB make 5 HP to 100HP induction motors, MTU-Leroy somer make 11KV diesel generators, Toyo Denki make 21.6 MW alternators.
Working as Station controller in L&T HYDERABAD METRO RAIL from April 2017 to till date.
Worked as power audit Engineer (Electrical) CHOICE SOLUTIONS LTD from SEP 2016 to March 2017.
Worked as Technician (Electrical) in GMR (Rajiv Gandhi International Airport, Hyderabad) Since Jan 2015 to SEP.2016
Santekita institute and management engineering College. Bachelor of Technology in Electrical & Electronics Engineering Govt.Polytechnic.Gannavaram.
Diploma in Electrical & Electronics
Zilla Parishath High School, RANASTALAM.
Secondary School education
Title : Certified PROGE CAD Professional
Duration : 06 Months
Modules : Engineering Electrical drawing
Company: Keolis Hyderabad Mass Rapid Transit System Pvt Ltd At L&T HYDERABAD METRO Designation: Station controller.
Responsibilities:
Authorizing and Managing of operations and maintenance works of all departments performed in the station.
Evaluating and inspecting report on equipment or systems performance, major faults and breakdowns. Testing operation & Maintenance of Auxiliary and Power Transformers
Coordinating with all departments (MEP, PSS, COMS, Signaling, Rolling stock…etc.) and Sub contractors for smooth and efficient operation of station.
Reporting any Safety occurrences or incidents to CXO’s and Higher authority in a timely manner
Control and Handling degraded situation regard train and station incidents and accidents.
Operation and maintenance of 33KV/11KV & 11KV/415 substations, Transformers, D. G’s, LT panels, APFC Panels, UPS, Breakers, VCB, RMU, ACB, UPS, DG, VCB, NGR panels Career Objective
Professional Summary
Educational Qualifications
Additional Technical Qualification
Work Experience

Operation of signaling, Communication, fire hydrants, train supervision system.
Performed controlling and managing on a 24/7 operation on the work of the technicians and supervisors
Attending and supervising emergency breakdowns to help ﬁnd proper solutions and repairs
Drive train in case of emergency and troubleshooting VAC, Propulsion, Brakes, Electrical faults.
Company : Choice solutions Ltd.
Designation: Power Audit Engineer (Electrical).
Responsibilities:
Conducting electrical audits in industries across the India.
Performing root cause analysis, diagnosing, reviewing, and suggesting modiﬁcations to improve maintenance methods and quality of service delivery with planning and leadership capabilities.
Checking of power quality, harmonics and thermal strength of the cable etc.
Preparing reports and submitting to managements.

Company : Sodexo technical services.
Designation : Technician (Electrical).
Responsibilities:
Operation and Maintenance of 33KV/11KV & 11KV/415 Sub Stations
Trouble shooting of electrical Motors and breakers breakdowns
Testing and Maintenance of DOL and Star Delta starters
Overhauling of LT Motors rated up to 160KW Protection of Alternators and Transformers.
Preventive maintenance of Substation and electrical equipment VCB, RMU, ACB, UPS, DG, Transformers and electrical panels
Operation and Maintenance of all domestic & flushing water pump houses.
Operation of fire hydrant lines and diesel engine rapid filling pumps.
Operation and Maintenance of SV, MH, CFL& LED lights.
Locating the underground cable fault.
Industrial Visit at:
Dr. NTTPS Ibrahimpatnam Vijayawada AP
In plant Training at:
Power generation, transmission, auxiliary and main parts of plants in general division for six months.
Troubleshooting
Building Management system.
Automatic train supervision
CAD
Honesty
Leadership
Self Confidence.
Proactive Behaviors.

Received Appreciation from MD at HYDERABAD METRO RAIL.
Two times received Best employees of the award at GMR AIRPORT.
Father’s Name: RAMU
Date of Birth: 15thOCTOBER 1995
Language Known: Telugu, Hindi & English
Marital Status: Single
Nationality/Religion: Indian / Hindu
Interest & Hobbies: Reading Books & Playing games.
Passport Details: Passport No:M8885802
Issue Date: 12/05/2015
Expiry Date: 11/05/2025
ACHIEVEMENTS & AWARDS:
PERSONAL DETAILS
Industrial Exposure:
TECHINICAL PROFICIENCY
INTERPERSONAL SKILL
The above-mentioned information is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. If I am selected and given a chance to serve in your esteemed organization, I shall prove my best and ability to the entire satisfaction of my superiors.
Place: Hyderabad Signature
Date: (G BHASKARARAO)
Declaration

Contact this candidate
