
Edward B. Murdock
*** *********** ****
Moore, SC 29369
C: 717-***-****
adaghb@r.postjobfree.com

EDUCATION:

MBA (2015)
Clemson University
Phi Kappa Phi Honor Society
BS Management (2007)
United States Military Academy; West Point, New York
Omicron Delta Kappa Honor Society, Dean’s List, Distinguished Cadet

EXPERIENCE:
Operations Manager (Venture Measurement Company) 11/18-present
I lead a team of approximately 2 Production Supervisors, 2 Manufacturing Engineers, 1 Materials Manager, 2 Quality technicians, and 1 Maintenance Technician that support over $20 million of annual sales. I am responsible for all Safety, Quality, Delivery, Inventory, and Productivity metrics for the Plant and managing our budget. I ensure lean manufacturing principles are followed and foster an environment of continuous improvement utilizing Daily Management and other tools to ensure success. I am a member of the 4 person staff comprised of the General Manager, Engineering Manager, Controller and myself; that makes decisions to best guide the future of our company. Currently looking at how Operations can support a projected 30+% increase in sales over the next 3 years.

Value Stream Manager (Venture Measurement Company) 10/16-11/18
I lead a team of approximately 24 manufacturing associates and 3 Buyer/Planners that support over $15 million of annual sales. I am responsible for all Safety, Quality, Delivery, Inventory, and Productivity for my assigned production cells and associates to meet customer demand in a Made-to-Order manufacturing environment. I ensure lean manufacturing principles are followed and foster an environment of continuous improvement utilizing Daily Management and other tools to ensure success. I interface and coordinate with all other departments within the company to best support customer demand and achieve superior results.
Process owner for ERP changeover to J.D. Edwards which was implemented in only 5 months
Serve as Logistics Manager responsible for Shipping and Customs functions; drive Cycle Count process to ensure inventory accuracy. Over 98% inventory accuracy at most recent Physical Inventory.
Developed and Implemented Kamishibai board to support and sustain Continuous Improvement actions
Conducted Transaction Process Improvement event to improve communication between Customer Service and Operations departments
Implemented actions that have resulted in a 10% reduction in lead time for customer orders
Through continuous improvement and leadership actions, On Time Delivery to customers has improved 10+ %
OSHA 10-Hour course graduate

Materials Manager (Venture Measurement Company): 3/16-10/16
Responsible for all purchasing and logistics functions within the company. Lead a team of 2 Buyer/Planners who are responsible for over $4 million in annual material spend covering nearly 10,000 part numbers supporting a $20 million business by utilizing Kanban material replenishment process and focusing on Lean Manufacturing principles based on the Danaher Business System (DBS). Additionally, responsible for import/export for the company and serve as Trade Account Owner for company.
Led Danaher Material System (DMS) Kaizen event that focused on right-sizing Kanban levels which reduced designed average inventory by over $100K
Reduced inventory by over 5% through Kanban right-sizing
Implemented Buyer/Planner standard work as part of daily management
Led initiatives that Identified sourcing projects which will result in $100K in annual savings
Participated in Lean Conversion Kaizen that resulted in cycle time reductions of over 20%

Value Stream Manager (Venture Measurement Company) 10/15-3/16
I led a team of approximately 18 manufacturing associates that supported over $12 million of annual sales. I was responsible for all production and material needs for assigned production cells and associates in order to meet customer demand in a Made-to-Order environment. Ensured lean manufacturing principles were followed and fostered a continuous improvement environment.
Developed and Implemented visual daily management to support On Time Delivery
Developed and Implemented associate cross training plan to support On Time Delivery and productivity goals
Value Stream On Time Delivery of 90+ %
0 recordable safety incidents, as safety is always our primary focus

Manufacturing Engineer and Continuous Improvement Leader (Venture Measurement Company) 11/12-10/15
I led initiatives that improved Quality, Delivery and Productivity in order to meet the requirements of our customer. I utilized a strong understanding and use of continuous improvement processes as well as acted as a key resource during continuous improvement and Kaizen activities throughout the business, including marketing, sales, engineering, and front-office functions. Additionally, I acted as our Environmental Compliance contact to ensure we complied with all OSHA and EHS regulations and led our Facility and Maintenance initiatives.
Led Kaizen event that focused on 5S, Standard Work, and Single Minute Exchange of Dies in our Machine Shop that resulted in 43% improvement in time to first part run
Led Kaizen event that focused on 5S and Standard Work in one of our production cells that resulted in 20% improvement in cycle time and 10% reduction in inventory floor space
Led Kaizen event that focused on 3P and Standard Work in preparation for a new product launch that was anticipated to deliver $1 million in first year sales, which resulted in an on-time product launch

Lean Six Sigma Green Belt Candidate 07/12-11/12
Received 2 weeks of formal instruction on Lean Six Sigma and continuous improvement. As part of my continuous improvement project, I analyzed the vehicle maintenance and services processing for my battalion in an effort to decrease the overall required time for a service.

Deputy Chief of Training 11/11-07/12
Responsible for day to day operations of the office that conducts requirements generation, planning, requesting, coordinating, executing and tracking Out of Country Training courses for Iraqi military members across all branches of the military (Army, Navy, Air Force). Additionally, responsible for the English Language Teaching program for all of Iraq.
Developed Fiscal Year 2013 plan for Iraq’s International Military Education and Training program valued at $2.5 million.
Developed Fiscal Year 2013 plan for Iraq’s Combating Terrorism Fellowship Program valued at $200,000.
Ensured that all Out of Country Training course associated with Foreign Military Sales cases were executed successfully, these courses were valued at over $6 million.
Additional duty as the Contracting Officer’s Representative for an English Language Lab Internet contract and helped save the government 13% compared to last year’s contract price.
Coordinated for the delivery of over $2 million worth of English Language Teaching supplies and materials to various locations throughout Iraq.

Plans Officer 07/11-11/11
One of two Plans and Assessment officers who coordinated, planned, and directed training efforts for the remaining Army forces in Iraq during calendar years 2012 through 2016.
Rated #1 of 10 Captains in my unit.
Lead action officer in the development of a training strategy for the Iraq Army over the next four years, information was captured in the Iraq Country Plan that will guide training assistance from the United States.
Responsible for gathering and submitting periodic assessments of the Iraq Army to facilitate future planning efforts.
Involved in Foreign Military Sales cases for the Iraq Army’s acquisition of Air Defense and Counter fire capabilities, the value of these sales will be in the billions of dollars.
Aided in development of plan for 40,000 U.S. forces to leave Iraq by the end of 2011, through successful coordination was able to achieve the goal 10 days ahead of schedule.

Assistant Operations Officer 02/11-07/11
Responsible for short and long term planning for operations in support of a 300 person battalion.
Rated #1 of 12 Captains in the Battalion.
Lead action officer for planning and executing “All American Week” (Alumni week) activities for 2 battalions which involved nearly 1,000 people.
Lead action officer for qualification requirements and coordination to facilitate battery level operations as one battery prepared for deployment to Operation ENDURING FREEDOM.
Chosen to perform duties as a Task Force Operations Officer during a Corps level Command Post exercise, filling a position normally reserved for personnel with a superior rank.
Ensured that our battalion maintained proficiency and readiness to support our mission of a potential no-notice worldwide deployment.

Field Artillery Captains Career Course 06/10-02/11
Student at the Field Artillery Advanced Course where teaching focused on the military decision making process, leading a staff, commanding a battery, and technical field artillery skills.
Received Master Gunner award for the top student in gunnery operations.
Finished #2 overall in my class of 59 students, on the Commandant’s List.
Distinguished Honor Graduate (#1) at the Joint Firepower Control course located at Nellis AFB, NV.
Warrior award winner.

Platoon Leader 07/09-6/10
Led a 40 person Airborne Field Artillery platoon with a mission to be prepared for a no-notice worldwide deployment. Managed over $4.5 million dollars of equipment. Served as the supply officer for the Battery.
Rated as one of the top 2 out of 14 Lieutenants in the Battalion.
Deployed to Haiti for a no-notice mission in the aftermath of an earthquake where I worked with Nepalese United Nations soldiers in helping the Haitian people.
Conducted a battery change of command inventory that began in Haiti and finished in the United States. There was no loss of non-expendable or durable property during the inventory. Re-couped over $25,000 worth of property during my time as a supply officer.
Responsible for the day to day operations, accountability, and training for the platoon. Generated and conducted all coordination and resourcing requests with our higher headquarters at the battalion level.

Fire Support Officer 03/08-07/09
Led a 9 person team who provided fire support for a 120 person company in an Airborne Infantry Regiment with a mission to be prepared for a no-notice worldwide deployment. Responsible for conducting coordination and de-confliction between enabler assets in order to best support my company commander’s intent and the battalion fire support scheme simultaneously. Managed over $200,000 worth of equipment. Served as the environmental compliance officer for the company.
Rated #1 Fire Support Officer in the Battalion and deemed “Best Qualified” among 25 other Lieutenants.
Led training and teaching for my fire support team, resulted in highest scores in the Brigade during the fire support certification exam.
Maintained 100% accountability and serviceability of all equipment during my tenure which included multiple airborne airfield seizure operations.
Implemented processes and inspections that resulted in my company passing all environmental inspections and not suffering any fines for non-compliance.

Contact this candidate
