
Curriculum Vitae
Mohammad Irphan
Email= adagjr@r.postjobfree.com
Cell no. UAE: +971*********
Cell No. India : +919*********
Skype I'd: irfan19884

POST APPLIED FOR CHILLER TECH., CHILLER PERATOR, HVAC TECH. &A/C Technician

Objective:
A Suitable position with an organization where I can utilize the best of my skill and abilities that fit to my education, skill and experience a place where an encouraged and permitted to be an active participate as well vital contribute on development of the company.
Educational Attainment:
Completed and passed HSC (school leaving certificate) from inter college bajpeipur, sondasi, Raebareli UP India 2004.
Completed and passed intermediate from inter college Sumerpur, Unnao, UP, India 2007.
Completed and passed refrigeration and Air condition diploma from Mansi technical institute unnao UP (India) 2007.
Experience IN INDIA:
Worked as an A/C Technician at Calvin Engineers (An Authorized Dealer for carrier Air Conditioning & Refrigeration Limited), Lucknow, UP, India.2008-2010.
Gulf Experience:

Presentely working as a Senior Chiller Technician, Chiller Operator, HVAC Technician and A/C Technician operation and maintenance, Chiller, VRV, AHU, FAHU, FCU, window, split, ductable, package, type air conditioner maintenance in AL SHIRAWI US CHILLER SERVICES in DUBAI, UAE from March 2016 to Till date.

Worked as a Chiller Technician, HVAC Technician and A/C Technician operation and maintenance, Chiller, VRV, FAHU, AHU, FCU, Ductable, Package, Window, Split, type air conditioner maintenance in ROYEL OMAN POLICE, in OMAN from February 2015 to February 2016.

Worked as a Chiller Technician, and A/C Technician, window, split, ductable, package, chiller, VRV, AHU, FAHU, FCU, type air conditioner maintenance in Etisalat Facility Management Dubai United Arab Emirates from Jun 2013 to Jan. 2015.

Worked as a Senior Chiller Operator and A/C Technician in INDEX TM Building, DIFC. one of the award winning building in middle east, Total 80 floors, 45 with residential floors,,25 with office floors and 02 floors with retails, under Serve U LLC, in Dubai UAE from 2010 to 2Jun 2013.
Worked as a BMS Operator in INDEXTM under Serve U LLC, Dubai from 1 August 2010 to 02 Jun 2013.
Scope of work:
(Fault finding, trouble shooting and operation of the MCP board for chilled water pumps, domestic water pumps, water feature pumps, sum pumps etc.
(Familiar with the centralize HVAC system network
(Familiar with the centralize chilled water distribution network.
(Familiar with the plate heat exchanger in the chilled water system.
(Familiar with the domestic water distribution network.
(Familiar with the operation of water feature and swimming pool plant.
(Familiar with the centralize drainage system.
(Fault finding, trouble shooting and operation of the car park ventilation system.
(Familiar with operation of BMS
Special Training Attending:
Personnel hygiene and grooming standing.
First Aid, Standard of Safety and Security.

Special Skill Strengths:
Results-oriented with standards of job performance.
Able to apply a logical commonsense approach to problem solving.
Leader with strong organizational skill, and the ability to work effectively under pressure and stress.
Strong team working. Communication, leadership, interpersonal and multi-tasking skill.
Working maximum hours without supervision.
Smart looking with pleasing personality.
Current Job Responsibilities:
Chilled Water Distribution System.
Heat exchanger for chilled water distribution.
Maintaining Chilled Water distribution.
FAHU, AHU, VFD, FCU, service, and maintenance.
Package, Duct able A/C Unit, split, window, cassette, Installation and maintenance.
Capable to all types of air conditioning systems.

Passport Details:
Date of Issue :28/07/2016
Date of Expiry :27/07/2026
New Passport No :P2741082
Old passport No. :G7778893
Personal Details:
Date of birth : 10/12/1988
Nationality : Indian
Gender : Male
Marital status : Married
Religion : Muslim
Language : fluent in English, Hindi and Urdu
Height : 5.8 ft.

Declaration:
I hereby declare that the above mentioned statements are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.
MOHAMMAD IRPHAN

Contact this candidate
