
Page * of *
Mahmoud Almawali _ resume _ HSE Manager/ +962-*********/ adagvg@r.postjobfree.com
Mahmoud Almawali
Amman - Jordan
+962-*********
adagvg@r.postjobfree.com
Professional summary
Accomplished, dynamic, skilled and organized Environmental, Safety & Health Professional applied to diversity of projects and industries.
Experienced and competent in the development and implementation of Occupational Health & Safety Management Systems including policies, plans and procedures. Engineering background with 30+ years of total experience and 13+ years proven track record of success in managing Health, Safety and Environmental departments in mega projects and multinational organizations.
Certified and approved Instructor and assessor in Environmental Health and Safety Management. Skills
● HSE management skills
● Organizational Skills
● Auditing and inspection skills
● Teamwork management skills
and ability to work within multi-
national team
● Accident investigation skills.
● Verbal and written communication
skills.
● Leadership abilities.
● Analytical thinking.
● Problem Solving
Personal information
● Nationality: Jordanian
● Date of Birth: 1/9/1964
● Marital Status: Married
Languages
Arabic: Mother tongue
English: Proficient working language
Page 2 of 4
Mahmoud Almawali _ resume _ HSE Manager/ +962-*********/ adagvg@r.postjobfree.com Work history
Aug. 2018 Current
HSE Manager – Attarat Oil Shale Fired Power Plant Project– Jordan
Assisting Project Manager and HODs in day to day management of HSE activities.
Developing the Project HSE Plans and Procedures for work related to Oil Shale project activities.
Managing subcontractors’ work force and HSE representatives to drive compliance with HSE requirement.
Regularly participating in site HSE activities with client, including but not limited to reviewing, auditing, sampling and inspections.
Ensuring everyone’s effective implementation of the Project HSE Policies, Plans and Procedures for their area of responsibilities and types of work activities.
Coordinating with Site Managers and client representatives to ensure full understanding of HSE requirements and to resolve issues of concern under my areas of responsibility.
Carrying out investigations of HSE related incidents where required and prepare reports with recommendations for remedial action
Identifying project and local regulatory HSE training needs based on the work activities and incident trends for the particular area
Preparing, Leading and carrying out HSE Training including Inductions, Tool Box Talks and Specialized Training.
Actively participating in risk assessments for critical operations to help identify and mitigate hazards
Constantly advising on any issue or problem related to HSE for all personnel. August 2014 – July 2018
Instructor – Engineering/Safety - Higher Colleges of Technology - UAE
● Taught introductory and upper level courses in Environmental safety and health to engineering students.
● Served on Higher Colleges of Technology HSE committee and acted as representative of the Engineering Department.
● Coordinated HSE Management System aspects internally within college and externally with GCAA & OSHAD, and Environmental competent authorities.
● Established the engineering department HSE Management Program.
● Regularly carried out HSE Audits and Risk Assessments, and suggested controls. January 2013 August 2014
QHSE Manager - Arabtec Construction – UAE
● Established QHSE department goals, objectives.
● Successfully maintained company’s Quality & HSE certification (ISO 9001, ISO 14001 & OHSAS 18001)
● Provided guidance and assistance to line managers on HSE Operational issues for resolution.
● Developed HSE budget and assured that expenditures do not exceed the limit.
● Implemented Leading HSE Indicator & KPI system.
● Facilitated Incident Investigations and provided reliable solutions. Aug. 2011 Dec. 2012
HSE Manager: GAMA Power Systems (DISI Water Conveyance System Project) – Jordan
● Managed the HSE management system for the main contractor and 14 subcontracting companies and a multinational workforce of around 8,000 persons.
● Communicated and liaised with clients on HSE issues including pre-qualification requirements, site safety plans, non- conformance items, incident investigations, pre-job meetings, close-out meetings, and subcontractors’ concerns.
● Oversaw and controlled safety procedures, policies, plans and programs in accordance with company’s policies and in compliance with local laws and regulations.
● Conducted periodic sites visits including inspecting, auditing and assessing safety and health performance.
● Created and distributed monthly, quarterly and annual reports to all concerned stakeholders.
● Regularly involved in pre-qualify construction subcontractors, issued documentation (RFPs, RFQs) and allocated risk ratings based on HSE metrics and statistics.
Page 3 of 4
Mahmoud Almawali _ resume _ HSE Manager/ +962-*********/ adagvg@r.postjobfree.com May 2009 - Jul. 2011.
HSE Manager – LOTTE Engineering & Contracting - Jordan
● Involved in the early stages of the project and was one of the team executed the Project’s EIA
(Environmental Impact Assessment).
● Managed the HSE management system for the main contractor and 3 subcontracting companies and a multinational workforce of around 5,000 persons.
● Managed and maintained organizational compliance with applicable HSE regulations and statutes as well as company’s policies and procedures.
● Maintained the HSE compliance through inspections, audits, and recordkeeping.
● Coordinated and conducted HSE training courses as needed.
● Conducted the completed accident investigation including root cause analysis, corrective action plan along with the final accident reports.
● Maintained a positive relationship with management, employees, competent authorities as well as community.
Apr. 2005 - Apr. 2009
HSE Manager - DOOSAN Heavy Industries and Construction – Jordan
● Established entire HSE program in accordance with mother company’s policies and procedures and in compliance with working legislations in order to allow HSE Standards to be achieved.
● Lead, influenced, trained and encouraged the concepts of "HSE" to ensure that the company policies and procedures on HSE matters are adhered to at all times.
● Ensured that HSE hazardous incidents are dealt with in line with Company's policy and current legislation.
● Developed and agreed strategies and associated action plans for HSE.
● Maintained and updated the company's HSE policies and procedures documentation on a regular basis.
● Carried out HSE audits, Inspections and tours with relevant management members, review findings against established KPIs and issued corrective action instructions.
● Produced relevant written reports for both internal and external clients.
● Represented the Company in any proceedings or actions in relation to HSE and acted as the Company's representative for all HSE issues.
● Built close relations with local society in order to execute project Environmental & Social Plans. May 2 1999 - Mar. 30th 2005
Electric Power Station Chief Engineer - UIS Co. – Jordan
● Managed plant’s preventative maintenance programs.
● Addressed equipment problems as needed.
● Evaluated major systems to ensure continuous maximum running and efficiency of the plant.
● Regularly evaluated environmental impact and advised of corrective actions.
● Assisted in establishing the environment and emergency procedures for incidents such as fire, emissions and release threats, as well as power failures.
● Maintained daily operating logs for all plant’s equipment, systems and consumptions. Jul. 1996 January 1999
Supervisor, QC/Aviation Maintenance -Jet Engine Intermediate Maintenance Shops – Jordan
● Maintained maintenance operational standards by contributing maintenance information to strategic plans and reviews.
● Regularly audited, inspected and assured productivity by implementing production quality and problems solving.
● Regularly evaluated functionality and reliability of facility systems and associated equipment by identifying problems and requirements.
● Maintained the reliability of facility systems and associated equipment by implementing a preventive maintenance program; operating and testing systems and equipment; restoring, repairing, rebuilding, or replacing faulty or inoperative components and parts.
● Improves function and reliability of facility systems and associated equipment by studying
● Maintained safe and healthy work environment by following standards and procedures; complying with legal codes and regulations.
Page 4 of 4
Mahmoud Almawali _ resume _ HSE Manager/ +962-*********/ adagvg@r.postjobfree.com January 1985 Jul. 1996
Instructor - Aviation Maintenance Engineering - Prince Faisal Technical College - Jordan January 1984 January 1985
Maintenance Technician - Jet Engines Intermediate Maintenance Shops - Jordan Educational Qualifications
● Level 6 International Diploma in Occupational Safety and Health/ NEBOSH. UK. (comparable to Applied Bachelor)
● Level 3 International General Certificate in Occupational Safety and Health/ NEBOSH. UK.
● Aviation Engines Maintenance Mechanics Diploma/ RJAFS. Jordan.
● General Secondary Education Certificate (High School). Jordan. QHSE Related Courses
● Diploma in Environmental Science.
● Diploma in Workplace health & Safety.
● Diploma in Food Safety Management.
● Environmental Management Systems.
● Environmental Protection Field.
● OHSAS 18001 auditing.
● ISO 14001 auditing.
● TQM (Total Quality Management).
● HazWoper Operations.
● HazMat Operations.
● Oil field Safety Management.
● Waste Management Systems.
● Occupational Safety & Health Professional Program.
● Occupational Safety & Health Trainer Program.
● NEBOSH International General Certificate.
● Aviation SMS (Safety Management System) – UK CCA
● Aircraft Accident Investigation Course – Embry Riddle University- USA
● Human Factor in Aviation Course – Embry Riddle University- USA Other Courses
● Production Management & Planning.
● Diploma in Project Management.
● Aircraft Technician Propulsion
● Basic Instructional Techniques
● Turboprop Propulsion Mechanics
● Technical Management

Contact this candidate
