
MICHAEL BRISE
*** – *** Ospika Blvd N. Prince George, B.C. V2M 3R1
adag7d@r.postjobfree.com
250-***-****

September 28, 2019

Re: Motel Manager

Dear Sir or Madam:

I am writing in response to your advertisement for a Motel Manager. I have over 18 years experience as Hotel General Manager. I believe I possess the necessary skills and experience you are seeking and would make a valuable addition to your company.

I have lots of experience with hiring, training, scheduling and supervising staff. I was always the person in charge of monitoring and ordering supplies in my previous Hotel position. I would always be on the lookout for ways to save money without compromising quality. I also have basic knowledge of repairs and maintenance and of alarm and fire systems. I have done all aspects of payroll and bookkeeping. I am familiar with front desk computer systems.

I believe myself and the staff could achieve and maintain a high standard of cleanliness, consistency and customer satisfaction. Customer satisfaction is of the highest priority in order to maintain and increase a base of repeat customers. Regular inspections are a must to maintain consistent cleanliness and quality standards both inside and outside the building.

If there is accommodation available I would like to live on site. Having management on site 24 hours has many advantages. I would be there to deal with emergencies and any other serious issues that may arise.

My wife has a background in cleaning and would be an asset in ensuring the room cleaning would be done to a high standard.

I am seeking long term employment.
I look forward to discussing the position with you.

Sincerely
Michael Brise

MICHAEL BRISE
326 – 255 Ospika Blvd N. Prince George, B.C. V2M 3R1
adag7d@r.postjobfree.com
250-***-****
OBJECTIVE
To obtain long term, full time employment

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
Resident Property Manager experience, 131 unit complex in Prince George
Hotel Management experience for 18 years in Vanderhoof
Security experience
Cashier experience
Railway experience with CN Rail
Mill experience
Good public relations skills
Good teamwork and management skills
Computer skills
Physically fit
Very reliable
Good worker

WORK EXPERIENCE
2019 Paladin Security
Pine Centre Mall Security
Mall lock-up, Night time patrols, Ensure mall is secure at all times. Monitor
Security cameras, Monitor suspicious individuals, Shoplifting prevention, Site
eviction of individuals.

2015 – 2019 Pine Glen Apartments
Resident Property Manager
Prince George, BC
Rent collection, Show suites, Review and approve applicants, Prepare rental
Agreements, Prepare and deliver all notices to tenants, Attend RTB hearings,
All move in & move out inspections, Prepare and enforce evictions, Oversee
contractors and review invoices, Oversee all maintenance and cleaning.

2014 Security Force Guard Service
Fire Camp Security Guard - Reported to Ministry of Forests
Monitor and record all vehicles and personnel entering and leaving camp.
Patrol camp and tenting areas to ensure Safety and adherence of camp
Rules. Patrol perimeter for dangerous wildlife. Operate roadblocks to
prevent the public from accessing roads closed due to extreme fire danger.

1995 – 2014 Grand Trunk Inn
Owner/General Manager
Vanderhoof, BC
In charge of all operations of running a Hotel, Pub, Liquor Store and
Restaurant. Hiring and training of staff. Scheduling and work procedures.
All aspects of payroll and bookkeeping. Repairs and maintenance. Inventory
and ordering supplies. Public relations and registering guests. Cashier in
Liquor Store. Dealing with government and regulatory agencies.

1989 – 1995 Last Spike Pub
Owner/General Manager
Fort Fraser, BC
All aspects of running a Pub and Liquor Store. Duties included Hiring,
Training, Payroll, Bookkeeping, Inventory and ordering, Repairs and
Maintenance. I also acted as General Contractor during the construction of
the building in 1989. I applied for and obtained licensing for the Pub and
Liquor Store.

1982 – 1989 CN Rail
-Track Maintenance Foreman
Supervise work crew and machinery, ensure the track is safe for the passage
of trains.
-Machine Operator
Operate various track maintenance machines.
-Foreman (Safety and Protection)
Control train traffic to protect non-railway workers from passing trains.

1980 – 1982 Pacific Inland Resources
Operate various sawmill production machines

EDUCATION
High School Diploma - 1977
Smithers Senior Secondary

General Science and Math Program 1977 – 1979
University of B.C.

OTHER SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE
- Valid Class 5 Drivers Licence
- Valid Security Licence
- Pesticide Applicator Certificate
- WHMIS Certificate
- S-100 Fire Suppression & Safety
- Defensive Driving
- Familiar with Fire Suppression and Alarm Systems
- Familiar with Intruder Alarm Systems
- Business Administration Training
- Inventory Control Training
- Pleasure Craft Operator Licence
- Serving it Right Certificate

Contact this candidate
