
MARCUS DAVIS
adag1f@r.postjobfree.com H: 954-***-**** 827 Shadow Lake Drive, Lithonia, GA 30038
Summary
Versatile Clinical Coordinator with a nine-year health background coordinating and collaborating with clinical staff to develop patient rehabilitation plans. Hardworking and communicative with outstanding interpersonal skills. Adept at improving staff communication and medical record integrity.
Skills
Progress monitoring
Multidisciplinary team collaboration
Patient flow coordination
Patient Care
Developing training programs
Patient Education
Compliance with regulatory guidelines
Staff scheduling
Clinical documentation
HIPPA Compilance
Microsoft Word, Excel, Spreadsheet
Experience
Empowerment Resource Center Atlanta, GA
Clinical & Health Coordinator
06/2018 - Current
Partnered with nurse manager to raise standards of practice by monitoring, analyzing and correcting staff performance.
Drove attainment of optimal outcomes through case management focused on appropriate treatment, clinical quality assurance and service utilization.
Managed patient flow and directed nurses and doctors to ensure medical assignments are completed on time.
Coordinated with nurse manager to develop programs targeting nurse education, overall departmental competencies, individual performance, patient safety and service-related issues.
Provided DHS (Department of Health Services) with corrective action plans.
Established and maintained positive relationships with government regulators, residents, families, other area health care providers, physicians and community at large.
Piedmont Atlanta Hospital Atlanta, GA
Patient Care Technician
04/2018 - Current
Supported healthy patient skin with bedside baths, wound care and integrity checks.
Collected biological specimens and packaged for laboratory transport to complete important diagnostic tests.
Examined and addressed lacerations, contusions and other physical symptoms in need of further attention.
Provided excellent customer service by effectively communicating with patients, families, staff and staff in other hospital departments.
Coordinated patient care needs with healthcare team and delivered compassionate assistance with activities of daily living.
Maintained strong and trusting rapport with patients and all healthcare staff to build relationships.
Managed conference calls by documenting participant details and preparing audio recordings for future reference.
Coordinated project materials, including managing physical and digital files, monitoring spreadsheets and updating reports.
Covenant Youth Empowerment Atlanta, GA
Case Manger
01/2019 - 06/2019
Managed all logistics for abuse and neglect cases from start to finish.
Determined and coordinated appropriate level of care to meet individual patient needs.
Reviewed effectiveness of treatment for individual and family situations.
Collaborated with various healthcare providors to facilitate delivery of services.
Optimized program resource utilization to prevent unnecessary hospital admissions.
Reviewed treatment plans against individual goals and healthcare standards.
Wellstar Health System Austell, GA
Student Nurse Extern Emergency Room
09/2016 - 06/2018
Monitored patient status and reported update to senior medical staff.
Collaborated with staff members to facilitate quality care.
Initiated standard medical care, including vital sign monitoring and medication administration.
Cared for patient caseload as directed by physician.
Observed patient care and assessed feedback to ensure ongoing quality care.
Administered oral, intramuscular and IV medications to patients and monitored responses.
Immunized patients against diseases such as influenza and pneumonia to protect vulnerable populations from serious illnesses.
Documented all therapies, including [Type] and [Type] to keep patient charts up-to-date.
St. Joseph BayCare Mobile Pool Agency Hospital Tampa, FL
Float Pool Patient Care Assistant
02/2015 - 02/2016
Assisted doctors, nurses and support staff with preparation for and conducting patient procedures.
Collected biological specimens and packaged for laboratory transport to complete important diagnostic tests.
Responded to bell or light signal calls within maximum of minutes to assist patients with needs
Secured qualified assistance for patient emergencies to optimize outcomes.
Facilitated and floated to different floors & hospitals helping flow of patients through facility by accurately transferring and discharging patients in appropriate systems with epic
Brandon Regional Hospital Brandon, FL
Float Pool Patient Care Assitant/ Unit Secretary
01/2013 - 12/2015
Transcribed doctors' orders, including medication and lab test requests.
Supported departmental operations, including filing, monthly report preparation and vendor requisitions.
Scheduled and coordinated meetings and calendars of high-level decision-makers.
Improved patient care, safety and compliance by partnering with nurses.
Recorded observations and baseline measurements to maintain accurate medical records.
Monitored and charted fluid intake and output to stay current on patient conditions.
Documented patient intake and dietary requirements and assisted with feeding.
Assisted doctors, nurses and support staff with preparation for and conducting patient procedures.
Supported healthy patient skin with bedside baths, wound care and integrity checks.
Brynwood Health & Rehabilation Center Monticello, FL
Certified Nursing Assistant
07/2012 - 10/2012
Fostered relationships with patients, caregivers and healthcare teams to achieve individual care plan targets.
Responded to patient alarms and needs-assessment requests to identify course of treatment.
Collected specimens, monitored vitals and maximized patient comfort.
Consulted with nurses to develop patient care plans and evaluate treatment options.
Documented activities and recorded information in EMR system.
Supported diagnostic and treatment procedures, including setting up and operating specialized medical equipment.
Documented patient intake and dietary requirements and assisted with feeding.
Preserved patient dignity and minimized discomfort by carrying out duties such as bedpan changes, diapering and bathing.
Target Tallahassee, FL
Cashier
04/2011 - 12/2012
Worked closely with front-end staff to assist customers.
Served needs of as many as patrons per shift, including collecting payments, tracking rewards and handling customer service issues.
Maximized customer satisfaction by assisting customers complete purchases, locate items and sign up for rewards programs.
Properly verified customer identification for alcohol or tobacco purchases.
Drove sales and add-on purchases by promoting specific item options to customers.
Education and Training
Berkinridge Nursing School Tampa, FL
Associate of Science in Nursing
Tallahassee Community College Tallahassee, FL
Associate of Arts in General Studies
Western Governors University Online Salt Lake City, UT
Bachelor of Science in Health Administration
Expected in 01/2021

Contact this candidate
