
JENNETH ALARCON SAGUM
Hilal East Doha Qatar
Contact Information: 009**-********
E-mail Address: adag2n@r.postjobfree.com

Visa Status: Business Work Visa with NOC

A Quality Control and Quality Assurance Head with more than 4 years experience in manufacturing industry of great attention to detail and a commitment to developing and implementing continuous improvement initiatives through the collection and analysis converting it into actionable information

WORK RELATED EXPERIENCES

• Terra Cotta Art Works Inc. /Quality Control and Quality Assurance Head/ February 2, 2015- August 30, 2019/ Mc.Arthur Hi-way Balangcasa Sto. Tomas Pampanga
o Responsible for auditing sub-contractors and supplier to make sure products and manufacturing process meets the requirements.
o Lead failure investigation and conduct root cause analysis and perform corrective action for customer related failure and in-house production failure.
o Represent quality department cross function team for new product development projects.
o Ensured that the products meet the quality and reliability requirements during production and before shipment Responsible in in-house inspection and inspection reports for buyers with no 3rd party inspectors
o Set quality standards along with best practices for testing practices on the appropriate product team
o Participate in product launched to work towards a common solution for quality and reliability.
o Assist & represent to buyers agent with new product launched, by establishing process controls, quality monitoring and quality check points.
o Provide guidance for procurement and repair process to ensure that all materials were purchased or repaired according to production needs and product requirements.
o Conduct weekly quality meeting and reports of the defects trend analysis encounter during production and root cause analysis. Discussed Plan Corrective Action in the entire operations team.
o Conduct in-house inspection and submit inspection reports for the buyers without 3rd party inspection
o Company representative with regards in quality discussion during Pre-Production meeting, 3rd party inspection and company Vendor Factory Audit or Technical audit.
o Trained and maintained quality inspections standards and documentation for 15 quality inspectors.
o Conduct annual Quality training both production and quality department.
o Conduct work area audit and inspection per section.
o Supported production launched products with quality specification, quality standards to watch out and training.
o Resolve quality issue by identifying problems, examining solution options, implementing action plans.
o Institute quality measures and techniques to be discussed during product checking.
o Supervise 15 QC/ QA inspectors in quality department

o Utilized manufacturing quality tools and control plans, process.
o In-charge in QC/ QA review of inspection reports turns and keeping document control.
• Bonniriver Industrial Corporation/ Planning Industrial Engineer/ January 16, 2012- January 2015/ Old Samson Road, Balintawak, Quezon City.
o Implement timely and accurate data regarding factory capacity, capabilities. Allocate and distribution of wok loads to subcontractors.
o Reviewed and analyzed annual/ monthly production plan against target volume and capacity.
o Analyzed backlog detected problems and raised alert to the organization.
o Achieve customer 100% satisfaction in terms of on time shipment.
o Monitor production based on the target schedule and production output.
o Conduct Time and Motion Study.
o Analyzed and submit Production monthly report to Production Manager.
o Coordinate to logistics in delivery of the Chowking uniforms and Golden ABC items.
o In-charge on monthly inventory reports
o Review and monitor inventory and stocks of Chowking uniform.

• Johnson & Johnson Philippines/ Administrative Associate/April 18, 2011- October 18, 2011/ West Service road Edison Avenue Ibayo Paranaque City
o Schedule and coordinates meetings, appointments, travel arrangement for Supply chain managers.
o Prepared documents needed and Coordinates with logistics for Delivery Orders Processing
o Checking the system (SAP) for approvals of product request.
o Make summary of Expense Report of the department.
o Prepared Monthly Operation reports
o Forecast meeting Scheduling
o Schedule Supply chain meeting and responsible for minutes of the meeting.
o Review the inventory management of supplies request and make summary of Out of stock product

EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUD

Tertiary: June 2006 – April 14, 2011 /University of the Assumption (City of San Fernando, Pampanga) /Bachelor of Science in Industrial Engineering/Special Awards in research studies entitled: An Analysis of a Media Provider’s Peak-Hour Queuing System” / President Lister 2nd semester SY 2010-2011

Secondary: June 2002 – March 2006 /Holy Cross College (Sta. Ana, Pampanga)

TRAININGS & SEMINARS ATTENDED

• William Sonoma FIP PQA Training
• VFA Target Training
• Author of a study entitled “An Analysis of a Media Provider’s Peak-Hour Queuing System” in the
4th ORSP National Conference / November 5, 2010 / Eastwood Richmonde Hotel, Libis, Quezon City

ABILITIES AND SKILLS
• Ability to effectively communicate at multiple levels in the organizations
• Multi tasks prioritize and meets deadlines
• Strong organizational skills and attention to details
• Can work Under Pressure with minimal supervision.
• Computer Literate (Microsoft office)

PERSONAL INFORMATION

Marital Status: Married
Birth Date: November 4, 1990
Birth Place: Pasig, Candaba, Pampang
Age: 28 years old

Contact this candidate
