
Francis Jones
Machine Operator
Greenville, SC **605
adagcy@r.postjobfree.com
404-***-****
Over 15 years’ successful experience in operating different kinds of machines in a factory environment, Specialized courses in factory machine functioning and handling, highly skilled in the safe and efficient, use of tools, in depth knowledge of machine setting and tendering procedures, hands on experience in lathe operations and drill-press. Demonstrated success in, meet critical deadlines, excellent training of machine operator, excellent organization and team skills, Proficient with computer literate such as Microsoft word, Microsoft excel, power point, internet, responsible for other duties as needed Willing to relocate to: Greenville, SC - Spartanburg, SC - Duncan, SC Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience
Packaging technician
Dow Chemical - Marietta, GA
February 2018 to Present
Safely and accurately package batches per production / block schedule and standard Operating Discipline.
• Execute assigned work using batch ticket and detailed procedures
• Assume ownership of assigned work. Follow batches through to completion.
• Check QC progress, packaging needs to keep batches moving. Overtime may be required to complete batches.
• Accountable to Production Coordinator for daily activity. Job Performance is monitored by the Production Coordinator, Production Engineer, (and others); but Managed by the Operations Leader. Machine Operator
Zebra Technologies - Flowery Branch, GA
April 2017 to February 2018
Set up, operate, and troubleshoot converting and packaging machinery to manufacture products at the highest quality and efficiency standards.
Meet all safety, quality, and production goals.
Load raw material rolls onto the machine using overhead gantries and material handling equipment. Set up splices to ensure highest possible up time. Load glue melters with hot melt materials using proper PPE. Load and splice elastic threads.
Clean mill house and SAP applicators daily.
Examine completed work to detect product defects and verify conformance to specifications. Thread machine from unwinders to applicators for each web path. Start and stop the converting machine.
Adjust the machine to ensure optimal efficiency and lowest waste attainable when running. Interpret input from scrap detectors and vision systems and adjust machine performance accordingly. Inspect finished product according to written work instructions and specifications, alerting Quality Department to any discrepancies.
Load packaging materials and manipulate boxes as needed. Assist in daily preventative maintenance and cleaning activities. Machine Operator ll
Medline Industries - Lithia Springs, GA
November 2015 to April 2017
Medline Industries Inc., Lithia, Springs, GA
Machine Operator II, November 2015 - April 2017
Set up, operate, and troubleshoot converting and packaging machinery to manufacture products at the highest quality and efficiency standards.
Meet all safety, quality, and production goals.
Load raw material rolls onto the machine using overhead gantries and material handling equipment. Set up splices to ensure highest possible up time. Load glue melters with hot melt materials using proper PPE. Load and splice elastic threads.
Clean mill house and SAP applicators daily.
Examine completed work to detect product defects and verify conformance to specifications. Thread machine from unwinders to applicators for each web path. Start and stop the converting machine.
Adjust the machine to ensure optimal efficiency and lowest waste attainable when running. Interpret input from scrap detectors and vision systems and adjust machine performance accordingly. Inspect finished product according to written work instructions and specifications, alerting Quality Department to any discrepancies.
Load packaging materials and manipulate boxes as needed. Assist in daily preventative maintenance and cleaning activities. Respond to machinery breakdowns or raw material upsets and restore machinery as quickly as possible to minimize production downtime.
Assist in repair maintenance and preventative maintenance. Direct and train any operator trainees to maintain and repair equipment. Machine Operator
American Air Filters - Doraville, GA
January 2010 to September 2016
Set up, operate and adjust metal forming equipment by use of appropriate tools and procedures. Keeps mill operating according to operating procedures and in good condition? Operates cutback saw in a safe manner and to order specifications. Keeps mill and surrounding area clean and clear of obstruction. Performs all change-overs, using appropriate tooling. Changes punches and shear dies.
Performs to machine goals.
Willing and able to assist in training of others.
Must be able to work in a team environment.
Performs other duties, as assigned.
Education
High school or equivalent
Skills
Proven ability to work according to manuals Able to produce best results on a tight schedule Precise and detail oriented Good mechanical aptitude Excellent hand-eye coordination Adept at operating forklift and pallet jack Major achievements Trained a team of machine operators on new technology heavy machinery .. (10+ years), Labeling, Compounding, Filling, Forklift, fast learner, Maintenance Military Service
Branch: Army
Service Country: United States
Rank: E4
August 1989 to August 1993

Contact this candidate
