
CURRICULUM VITAE
PERSONAL DETAILS
Name : Eng. Yusuf Hussein Ibrahim
Date of Birth : 14/04/1981
Sex : Male
Marital status : Married
Nationality : Somalia
Email Address : adah1j@r.postjobfree.com/adah1j@r.postjobfree.com Location : Somali
Phone No +252*********/619030489/+254*********
I am looking for a challenging position, which will enable me to develop my skills and knowledge to the maximum and achieve further career developments that offer the possibility of working in global teams.
PERSONAL PROFILE
A minimum of 13 years managing a development, recovery and emergency/lifesaving program with an INGO in various humanitarian contexts in Somalia. With holding different capacities of responsibilities
In-depth knowledge and experience of developing Structural designs, BOQs, implementation plans and managing urban and rural Humanitarian programs, preferably in all the regions in Somalia.
Experience with institutional donor such as ECHO, DFID, UN, USAID/OFDA, SHF, SIDA, SSF etc.
Strong demonstrable experience in all aspects of project management including project planning, implementation, monitoring and evaluation, financial management and the design/utilization of appropriate project management tools, and the capacity to transfer this experience to others.
Excellent interpersonal, motivational and management skills with extensive experience and staff mentoring capacity.
Exceptional communication, networking, analysis and writing skills
Strong demonstrable experience in liaising with governmental/local authorities and other NGOs.
Ability to live and work in a multicultural team under difficult conditions with possessing Strong character traits, including emotional stability, adaptability, ability to handle stress, cultural and gender sensitivity, honesty, and physically fit GOALS
A motivated, adaptable,young energenitic with more than 13 years experiences with INGO and responsible graduate seeking an entry-level position that will enable me to use my strong organizational Management Skills, Educational background, and ability to work well with people as I enjoy challenges and seeking opportunity to learn and improve my skills.
Have a clear, logical mind with practical approach to problem solving and drive to see things through to completion. I enjoy working on my own initiative or in a team and eager to learn and enhance my skills.
EDUCATION BACKGROUND
YEAR INSTITUTE ACHIEVEMENT
2013 University of Nairobi Bachelor degree of environmental resource management (Bachelor of science)
2011 Kenya water institute Higher Diploma in Water engineering 2010 Atlas management college Diploma in organization management 2007 Garissa polytechnic Plant mechanic Grade3,2&1 2006 Kenya national youth service Dip. of security personnel 2004 Garissa county high secondary School O’level certificates 2000 IFO private primary school K,C,PE certificate WORKING EXPERIENCE AND PROFESSIONAL HISTORY
11th September 2017 up-to date
Adeso (African Development Solutions) Programme Manager for Somalia POSITION PURPOSE
1. Overall responsibility for programs implementations, coordination of activities and reporting.
2. Programs Team management.
3. Representation in external coordination, both with the respective local authorities, cluster coordination meetings and other forums.
SPECIFIC ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Leading the quality implementation of program activities under the guidance of the Adeso’s Deputy Country Director and the Programs Director for the Consortium members.
Ensuring that the program implementation is in accordance with donor requirements and Consortium program guidelines.
Working with the team to develop and continuously revise the implementation work plan in order to meet the program objectives.
Facilitating and ensuring that beneficiaries, communities and the authorities understand well the program and they support its due implementation in the communities.
Liaising with the Logistics Department on the timely procurement of program supplies and the subsequent delivery to the implementation sites.
Representing the programs in both the internal and external coordination meetings, workshops and regular review meetings such as the UN Lead Clusters Coordination, the local authorities’ coordination as well as with other agencies.
Undertaking regular staff performance management and instituting the necessary measures for improvement.
Providing relevant and technical trainings, particularly, the cash transfers and importance of fuel efficient stoves to the program team as well as beneficiaries
In liaison with the DCD and the M&E, team, ensuring that the program regular reports such as the monthly, the quarterly reports, both internal and external, are meet in a timely manner.
Support the program consultants during the baseline and final program performance evaluation
Providing oversight to quality control throughout the program life cycle, including ensuring implementation of the appropriate M&E tools and integrating them into the program activities.
Providing day-to-day line management or dotted-line management depending on program needs, to staff based at this office. This includes writing and/or contributing to personnel evaluations, leading in solving personnel issues, and ensuring staff at this office receive the support required to be successful at their jobs.
As the program budget holder, the position holder will be responsible for budget management, expenditure monitoring and working with Finance for efficient budget utilization.
Responsible for managing the program in accordance with the approved program budget.
Ensuring that the program expenditures are in line with the donor rules and regulation.
Manage the WASH budget for the assigned project, ensure all expenses are according to budget, and meet Medair standards with regard to financial management, including accountability and good governance.
Ensuring that BVAs regular reviews a done and advising Finance on areas that need adjustment, in liaison with the line managers and Finance Officer. 6th Nov 2013 up to 10th sept 2017
NRC WASH& Shelter Project coordinator for Puntland and south central Somalia Key Job Tasks and Responsibilities:
Line Management. Responsible for the direct line management of Shelter and WASH project team.
Project & Budget Management. Responsible for the successful delivery of Shelter, WASH, Emergency Response or related activities implemented through direct delivery of partner-led or community approaches. This includes responsibility for managing assigned project budgets, and the regular review of targets, vs. actual, budgets and work-plans.
Strategy Development. Support the Shelter & WASH Specialist in developing and/or revising the Core Competency Strategies for Shelter and WASH by providing Area-level analysis and recommendations for needs and response options.
Technical Support. Responsible for providing technical support and leadership to partners and communities implementing Shelter, WASH, Emergency Response or related activities. This includes ensuring compliance with relevant minimum standards and collaborative engagement with the Shelter & WASH Specialist in developing minimum technical standards, SOPs and guidance.
Partnerships. Work in collaboration with the Partnerships Adviser to identify and develop strategic partnerships and assess the performance of NRC’s existing partners involved in Shelter, WASH, Emergency Response or related activities using NRC’s partnership Framework.
Assessments. In collaboration with the Area Manager and Shelter & WASH Specialist, responsible for overseeing assessments undertaken by NRC or partners for Shelter, WASH, Emergency Response or related activities. Assessments may be emergency- focused, Sector-Specific, Multi-Sector Assessments, Market Assessments, etc.
M&E. Responsible for the delivery of project Monitoring and Evaluation for NRC and partner-led Shelter, WASH, Emergency Response or related activities; in accordance with agreed minimum standards. M&E systems should develop in collaboration with the Shelter & WASH Specialist, M&E team, and Area Manager. Monitoring and Evaluations may be emergency-focused, Sector-Specific, Multi-Sector Assessments, Market Monitoring, etc.
Accountability. Responsibility for ensuring adequate accountability to affected populations, as per NRC policies and the requirements of management, for Shelter, WASH, Emergency Response or related activities.
Coordination. Responsible for representing NRC in Area-level coordination of Shelter, WASH, Emergency Response or related activities in both formal coordination mechanisms and through bilateral (peer) coordination. This includes responsibility for operational coordination, inter-agency reporting of achievements, and Area-level strategy discussions. Where required, support engagement and coordination with Consortium partners. Where required, support the Shelter & WASH Specialist in Whole-of-Somalia level coordination.
1st May2012 to 5th Nov 2013
Senior Shelter/WASH Program officer with the international Rescue committee (IRC) Somalia program
Develop in the design, planning, implementation, monitoring and evaluating of WASH activities, and proper budgeting according to the availabilities of budget
Developing concept notes and proposals for WASH activities, including the technical descriptions and the budgets associated with them
Gathering and compilation of project information (reports, assessments, baseline, monitoring and evaluation)
Ensure community participation in all WASH activities including conducting community training and awareness promotion on hygiene
Attend coordination meetings in the designated settlements or area to coordinate WASH activities with other agencies/actors carrying out similar activities
Assist in developing of promotional messages and materials to promote hygiene behavior
Prepare periodic reports on the status and progress of IRC WASH activities
Continuously collect field evidence to assess and analyze emerging public health needs, and then recommend sustainable practical solutions within the IRC’s Projects’ scope. From 10th December 2011 to 31st April 2012 Camp administrator and water maintenances and power technician Windle Trust Kenya Hagadera Refugee Camp
facilitating setting up offices and staff living compound structure at Dadaab refugee camp
Attending all UN, governmental and INTERNGO coordination meetings
Provide direction for developing communication plans on large scope assignments.
Follow through in a timely manner as necessary on all calls, tasks and commitments to ensure service performed correctly and at a fair and reasonable cost.
Ensure that communication and documentation is clear, proper action is taking based on organization guiding principles and all internal processes a followed.
Innovation and elaboration, handling conflicts, strategic problem solving, confronting and resolving disagreements, managing former barriers, establishing respect, coping with strangers, socializing with subordinates, interacting teams in different levels, creating proactive and reactive emergency response, changing agent in a positive. From February 2009 to 31st April 2012
Emergency Relief manager Amound foundation
Designing emergency water supply system to the draught affected people
Supervising surveying and analyzing team
Advising the drought and famine encountered communities on sanitation measures
Updating the finds/ researches made by surveying team
Writing and making proposal of new humanitarians funds
Allocating the available funds for the need of victims of drought and famines
Making media conference of the progresses and bring the attention to the donators world to help the children and the mother who are suffering diseases, starvation and malnutrition.
Making video recording on site of work
Storing all dates either photo form or video on social webs/internet networks
Collecting and banking of branch revenue collection Regional water supply assistant Care international in Kenya at WATESAN SECTOR Officer from 2006 to 2009
Installation/removal borehole submersible pump/boost pump &monitoring the performance of the borehole water production systems.
maintenance of Gensets and repairing the breakdowns of the borehole gensets and general services of the borehole & other power supply generators for the Dadaab based organizations and police
Carrying out weekly aquifer monitoring for the knowhow of the borehole water production and the drawdown of the yield.
monitor water levels in the water reservoirs and water distribution systems
Record hourly pump status- pumping hours, water tank level and chlorine additions
supervision of borehole attendants and watchmen
compile fuel and other circumstantial reports
TECHNICAL &OTHER TRAINING S
YEAR INSTITUTE& INGOS ACHIEVEMENT
2012/2013 Centre for creative leadership/online Leadership beyond boundaries 2012 NSP HEIST(security training)
2012 IRC Supply chain & budget management training 2012 IRC Techniques of problem analysis
2010/11 Atlas college in Nairobi Certificate of management January 2010 UNHCR Certificate of NGO security alerts 2009 Kenya water institute certificate of attendance in integrated environmental education
April 2008 CARE international in Kenya certificate of attendance water quality November 2008 CARE international in Kenya Certificates of attendance WASH programs 2007 Garissa polytechnic Plant mechanic Grade2
2006 Windle Trust English program Upper intermediate certificate 2005 Atlas Computer college Computer society of Kenya certificate My Personal Competencies
I. My Essential Competencies:
Possess excellent interpersonal skills;
Communication,
Team-building: ability to work as part of a team
Inter- cultural sensitivity
An aptitude to effectively transfer technical knowledge and maintain effective and cooperative relations with national authorities and donors. II. My Functional Competencies:
Ability to produce documents, concept papers and policy briefs;
Self-starter with demonstrated ability to work collaboratively in small teams;
Ability to undertake research and to compile and synthesize information in a concise and coherent manner
Excellent presentation skills;
Demonstrated capacity and track record to function as a member of a multi-disciplinary team, to search for common ground where appropriate, and to focus on solutions and deliver quality results on time;
Ability to work flexibly on a range of assignments, and adjust to and prioritize a variety of complex and evolving tasks.
REFEREES
1. Mr. Mohamed Takoy
Adeso deputy country director
Email: adah1j@r.postjobfree.com
Cell: +252-6190794783/254*********
2. Mr. Mohamed Hussein Abdi
IRC Program Director Somalia
Email:adah1j@r.postjobfree.com
Cell+252*********
3. Abdirahman Hired
NRC Shelter/WASH project Manager –Somalia
Email: adah1j@r.postjobfree.com
Cell +252*********/907790529

Contact this candidate
