
Medhat Ibrahim
Cell Phone # 416-***-****
Email: adahq5@r.postjobfree.com

Objective: Seeking a position in an organization that would benefit from loyalty, hard work, dependability and positive resulting in the team environment.

Personal Profile:
Hardworking with expertise in maintenance, installation and general repair skills.
Dynamic with exceptional Sales and Customer Service professional experience.
Able to solve problems, and understand complicated technical instructions.
Able to manage any change with the demanding and pressurized business environment.
Excellent interpersonal skills, capable to work with diverse type of people.
Extensive experience in a wide range of industries, manufactures and Electronics.

Professionals Experience:
Operator/Assembler-Axiom Group-Aurora July 2012-To date
Monitor the machinery (speed, temperature, pressure) to see that the finished products obtained from the machines are matching the quality and quantity constraints of the company before packing them in boxes.
Maintain a report of the total amount of goods manufactured in a day.
Inject liquefied material into mold, and ejects molded product.
Observe continuous operation of automatic machine and width and alignment of plastic sheeting to ensure side flanges and cut off excess material.
Salesman -RJ Business Machines Ltd – Mississauga 2010
Meet customer, discuss with them type, quality & function of various photocopier machines from Kyocera-Panasonic-Oki & Sharp needed for their business.
Help in the delivery and the installation of photocopiers, printers & faxes.
Handle customers’ complaints.

Sales Consultant -Beta Solution-Etobicoke 2010
Interact with customers to present product information, respond to questions, resolve problems and negotiate prices and delivery date.
Provide technical assistance to the customers.

Sales Executive-Al Reyami Office Equipment –Dubai 2004-2010
Start with Zero customers; build up wide range of customer’s base by matching their needs with specific products.
Help in the delivery and the installation of office equipment and workstation.

Education and Professional Development:

Completed a construction technology course in York Construction Academy
B.Sc. of Law Cairo University Egypt.

Contact this candidate
