
SIDDESH S. GADEKAR
Contact Nos.: +91-988*******/+91-997*******
E-Mail: adahsq@r.postjobfree.com/ adahsq@r.postjobfree.com

In pursuit of challenging and enriching assignments in
Shipbuilding and Ship Repair Production/Estimation
With an organization of high repute
SNAPSHOT
A result oriented professional with10 years of experience in Shipbuilding and Ship Repair estimation.
Effectively conceptualized and completed various operations pertaining to new building, repair and modification and up-keeping of various process equipment.
A Qualified Professional who seeks to leverage experience and business acumen as well as learn from accomplished peers, while continuing to work in the industry.
A proactive learner with a flair for adopting emerging trends and addressing industry requirements to achieve organizational objectives & profitability norms.
Effective communicator & negotiator with strong analytical, problem solving and organizational abilities.

EMPLOYMENT RECITAL

Feb’ 18 to till date M/s Ripley Offshore Pvt Ltd, Haldia, West Bengal
Senior Maintenance Engineer (Repair and New Buildings)
Highlights:
Looking after annual, intermediate and special survey of the vessels.
Preparation of the defects list of the vessel prior to docking.
Estimation of the steel renewals, piping renewal work of the vessel based on the gauging reports and visual inspection.
Looking after running maintenance of the vessels.
Raising requisition for the spares and others materials required for maintenance and operation of the vessels.
Verification and certification of the work done of the service providers.
Negotiation with suppliers and other clients on receipt of the quote.
Preparation of the work schedule and planning of maintenance and repair work to meet the operations of the fleet.
Co-coordinating with the IRS and IWTA to various surveys of the vessels.
Monitoring and following up on projects with yard on new ongoing projects.

July’16 to Dec ‘17 M/s Raktech LLC, Ras Al Khaimah. UAE
Estimator (Repair and New Buildings)
Highlights:
Preparation of sales quotation through SAP (opportunity, sales quote and sales orders)
Estimation of the steel renewals, piping renewal, machine shop, propeller repairs and misc. electrical works of the vessel
Sending sales quotation to the clients and negotiation with client.
Preparation of the dry docking quotation for the vessel
Preparation of the work schedule and planning of the work to meet the customer requirements.
Co-coordinating with the marine agency to assist the customer to get inside the port for repair works.

August’15 to June 2016 with M/s Green Ocean International Ship Repair LLC, Dubai
Production Engineer (Repair and New Buildings)
Highlights:
REPAIR PROJECTS
RIG SAGA DRIL-2
Weight estimation of steel renewal of the vessel.
Manpower estimation and planning of the projects.
Cost estimation of the projects.
Steel renewal as per the gauging plan and surveyor recommendation.
Coordinating with client and quality control department to carry out necessary test as per NDT plan.

M.T GULF COAST, M.T GLENDA MELANIE and M.T ADORE
Estimation of pipe renewal of the vessel.
Manpower estimation and planning of the projects.
Cost estimation of the projects.
Renewal of pipelines of various systems as per the clients defect lists.
Fabrication and installation of new spool as per the existing pipe spool.
Installation of new fabricated spool onboard
Testing of system as per the client requirements.

NEW BUILDING PROJECTS
EXPLORER (S-7897) CLIENT: EXCELERATE ENERGY LP
Weight estimation of various outfitting items as per the drawings
Manpower estimation and planning of the projects.
Cost estimation of the projects
Steel outfitting of blocks 31 and 41 including fabrication and erection on site
Electrical outfitting of blocks 31 & 41 including fabrication and erection on site

Jul'10 to Aug'15 with M/s Bharati Shipyard Limited, Goa
Junior Engineer
Highlights:
Weight calculation of interceptor boats to allocate work orders to contactors.
Estimation of manpower of the project.
Cost estimation of the project.
Checking the contractor invoices as the weight estimation and rate list.
Monitored Hull fabrication, erection and hull and machinery outfits of sister vessel (C-156)
Successfully completed hull fabrication, erection and hull and machinery outfitting of 35 Knots aluminum Interceptor Boats for Indian Coast Guard (C-154).
Managed machinery seating fabrication 5000 DWT Pallet cum container carrier for Sea Cargo.
Weight estimation of the machinery seating as per the drawings.
Estimation of manpower of the project.
Cost estimation of the project.
Supervisory Development Programme conducted by Board of Apprenticeship, western Region, Bombay at codli-mines, Goa

Sep'08 to Jul'10 with M/s Pipavav Shipyard Limited, Gujarat
Junior Engineer

Highlights:
Monitored 74,500 DWT Bulk Carrier (Panamax) for Golden Ocean and Setaf activities comprising of:
Preservation of equipments and machinery of inspection of equipments & machinery with POS and packing list.
Preparation of bill of materials
Weight estimation machinery seating foundations.
Block wise material and machinery segregation and requisition of the same.
Checking contractor invoices as per the weight calculation and rate list.
Module identification and fabrication of the same.
Fabrication of:
Tank top module skid.
Machinery seating & erection on module skid.
Installation of machinery on seat.
Erection of pipe spool and fittings of engine room module.

IMPLANT TRAININGS

Jan'08 to May'08 with M/s Larsen & Toubro (Shipbuilding Division), Hazira Works, Gujarat
Trainee Engineer
Key Learnings:
Fabrication & erection of hull blocks of 8300 DWT Ro-Ro Lo-Lo Semi-submersible Container carrier for Rolldock, Netherland.
Estimation of steel for construction
Manpower estimation and planning of the projects.
Cost estimation of the projects.
Inspection/ dry survey of hull blocks before & after erection.
Inspection of erection joints and Vacuum Testing of same.

Jul'06 to Dec'06 with M/s Sesa Goa Limited (Shipbuilding Division), Tivim, Goa
Trainee Engineer
Key Learnings:
Repairs of hull of 1900 DWT Inland Bulk Carrier comprising of:
Identification & marking of steel to be renewed based on Gauging Report.
Preparation of defect list
Weight estimation of steel renewal of the vessel.
Manpower estimation and planning of the projects.
Cost estimation of the projects.
Checking contractor invoices as per the estimates weight and rate list.
Inspection/dry survey of the renewed steel area.
Calculation of actual steel renewed of the vessel.
Construction of hull 1900 DWT inland vessel, which included:
Weight estimation of steel for construction as per drawings
Manpower estimation and planning of the projects.
Cost estimation of the projects
Checking contractor invoices as per the estimate weight and rate list
Fabrication & erection of Hull blocks
Inspection/dry survey of hull blocks before and after erection.

EDUCATION

2008 Diploma in Shipbuilding Engineering from Institute of Shipbuilding Technology, Goa, Goa Board of Technical Education with 70.20%
2004 12th from St. Xavier's Higher Secondary School, Mapusa Goa with 59.83%
2002 10th from St. Theresa's High School, Candolim, Goa with 73.06%

Additional Course:
Basics of AutoCAD

Accolades:
Achieved:
Merit certificate issued by Institute of Marine Engineers (INDIA) for securing highest marks in Marine Engineering-I and Marine engineering-II in 2007-2008.
Merit Certificate issues by Institute of Shipbuilding Technology (GOA) for securing highest marks in Ship Construction Technology, Strength of Material and Basic Workshop Practice-II in 2007.

PERSONAL DOSSIER
Date of Birth: 7th December, 1985
Contact Address: S/o Sahadeo L. Gadekar, Old Arady, Candolim Bardez, Goa-403515
Languages Known: English, Hindi and Konkani
Passport Details: P8548111

Contact this candidate
