
NAVEEN KUMAR K
(Open to Relocate)
DOB: **th April 1997
Mobile NO: +919*********
Email ID: adahv0@r.postjobfree.com
Passport No: P7957336
Permanent Address: 1, SLS Mill, Quarters, BR Nagar, Arani Taluk, Thiruvannamalai District, Tamilnadu-632316.
Languages Known : Tamil, English, Malayalam.

Summary: A skilled communicator, establishes rapport with members of diverse groups and promotes team cohesiveness. Highly organized and independent, able to effectively coordinate tasks to certain projects on time with creativity. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.

Educational Qualifications:
Bachelor of Technology - Mechanical Engineering with CGPA of 7.92 at Veltech Rangarajan Dr.Sakunthala R&D Institute of Science and Technology, Chennai- 2018.
Scored 69.5% in 12th standard at SS Higher Secondary School Arani, 2014.
Scored 79% in 10th standard at SS Higher Secondary school Arani, 2012.
Areas of Interest:
New Product Development Quality Assurance Industrial Engineering 3D CAD

Leadership and Organizing skills
Student Member of SAE (Southern Section –Chennai).
Acted as subsystem coordinator in SAE Supra.
Team Leader of Small Group Activities, IR India. Technical Skills

Design & Analysis software: CATIA v5 &v6, NX CAD, AUTOCAD, Autodesk fusion 360, ANSYS 17.2.
Minitab 18(Basic)

Computer Language &Software: MS-Office, ERP systems. Journals / Publications:

Experimental Investigation on the thermal performance of the LED heat sinks-SPRINGER-OCT- 2018.

Analysis of thermal and optical characteristics of LED on various heat sinks-International journal of ambient energy-JAN-2019.

Internships/In-plant training:
Two-week Internship at TAFE Ltd Bangalore in June 2016.

Five days in-plant training on Fluid Control Research Institute (FCRI) Palakkad in June 2017.

Completed a course on “Gas Turbine Engine Design and Development an Industry Practice”, by Mr V. Sundararajan, Director-Technology Excellence Group, QUEST Global at Veltech University in 2017.

Project Experience:
(2017-6th semester) Mini project: Design and Fabrication of configured aluminium Heat Sinks for automotive LED-Designing a configured fin-type heat sinks and manufacturing through wire EDM machine and establishes all the basic concepts of heat transfer and emissivity through heat sinks.

(2018-8th semester) Main project: Enhancement of Heat Dissipation of Light Emitting Diode (LED) Module with Nanostructure Alumina (n-Al2O3) Coating on Aluminum Heat Sink-Continuation of the mini-project using composite Nanomaterials and analyses the thermal performance by CFD (ANSYS FLUENT).

Work Experience:
Organization: Industrias Del Recambio India Pvt Ltd, Oragadam Chennai.

Designation: Graduate Engineer Trainee – New Product Development cum Quality Assurance. Company Profile: Automobile Sheet metal
Manufacturer of steering and suspension parts, exporter to Domestic and European market industries (TEKNOROT AUTOMOTIVE, ZF TRW)

Work Responsibilities:
Reporting to the Assistant Manager of QAD and Ensure the Process are up to date.
Having desirable knowledge in reverse engineering methods by measuring the new products through FARO CAM, Mitutoyo CMM and modelling through CAD software.
Preparing PPAP, 8D, Root Cause analysis for complaint handling and continual improvement.
Support GD&T features and stack up points for design requirements.
Expertise in handling the quality instruments such as (Vernier calliper, micrometre, Height Gauge) Advanced measuring and scanning instruments such as CMM (FARO ARM), VMS, Height Master and Testing knowledge of Universal Testing Machine, Dynamic Test, Weld Penetration Test and Hardness Test.

Achievements:
Successfully developed a formula car and cleared Technical inspection in “SAE SUPRA a Student Formula Car Racing Competition” conducted by SAE India, Delhi-2017.
Secured one of the best projects from university in annual day project expo of WABCO India Ltd.
Obtained "Council of Europe Level A2" in Cambridge English language assessment.
Dassault Systemes Associate of CATIA V6 part modelling.
Best project implementation Group award of small group activities, IR India.

Special Interest/
Hobbies:
Quora blogger, Reviewer, Music Addict and Video game player.
Self-learning ability and thirst of interest, knowledge to learn new things. External Links: NAVEENKUMAR K- LINKEDIN ; NAVEENKUMAR K- QUORA

References:
Mr.Pazhani Kumar– Deputy Manager, Quality Assurance, IR india pvt ltd,chennai.
Dr.A.S.Praveen –Associate Professor, Veltech Dr RR & Dr SR University. The above information provided by me is true of my knowledge and will bear the responsibility of all give information. PLACE: Chennai, India. NAVEENKUMAR K

Contact this candidate
