
Brad Wright
**** ******* ****
Hollister, CA ****3
831-***-****
adah2e@r.postjobfree.com

OBJECTIVE: To obtain a position with a well-established and profitable company where my 30 years of financial analysis,
financial systems development and accounting experience may be utilized to maintain and increase corporate
profitability and productivity goals.

EXPERIENCE
Sr. Accountant, Dole Fresh Vegetables, Salinas, CA (July 2019 – present).
Temp to Perm role supporting the Fresh Pak vegetable organization
Prepared monthly journal entries and account reconciliations
Coded, submitted and approved vendor invoices
Developed financial queries to assist with general ledger research and preparation of monthly financials
Liaison to Finance in support of monthly and annual forecasts

Sr. Marketing Sales Analyst, Earthbound Farms, San Juan Bautista, CA (Sep 2018 – June 2019).
Financial support for the Commodities sales team
Daily tracking of revenue with Executive summaries for the $125MM annual Commodity sales organization using SAP software
Monthly and annual sales revenue and volume forecasts
Prepared and presented monthly sales results with key variance analysis to Senior Management
Developed product line P & L’s for all commodities
Ad hoc customer analysis as required

Financial Analyst, Dole Berry Company, Watsonville, CA (2016 – 2018).
Development, consolidation and analysis of annual and monthly forecasts for the East Coast, West Coast and International Strawberry, Blueberry, Blackberry and Raspberry product lines
Data consolidation and distribution to Senior Management of Daily Sales Flash Report, pricing and revenue versus current forecast and annual operating budget for all product lines
Weekly data gathering, consolidation, analysis and distribution of internal and external harvest operations costs including key metrics and comparison to forecasts
Accounting responsibilities that included, journal entries, harvest and growing cost analysis, Support Services variance analysis and grower reconciliations
Financial Liaison for Cooler operations providing Weekly and Monthly financials with variance analysis and development of monthly and annual budgets for all Coolers, Packing Materials, QA and Food Safety teams.
Development of Accounting Standard Operating Procedures
Responsible for all Capital Expenditure review and submission including ROI Analyses

Manager/VP of Finance, Household Intl/HSBC/Capital One, Salinas CA and Las Vegas NV (1989-1997 and 2003-2015).
Finance liaison to Customer Service (Phones) providing monthly accrual and reclass journal entries, financial results and key metrics. Monthly reforecast submissions for the 13,000 associate domestic and offshore staff.
Previously supported all functional teams (Finance, Executive Admin, Fraud, Credit, Operations and Marketing departments) providing month end results and analysis and quarterly and annual forecasts of operating expenses and key metrics.
Developed in-house product profitability model
Automated and streamlined internal database calculations to assist with forecasting expenses
Presented Forecasts and month end Operating Expense results to Senior Management
Finance Lead to Corporate on Credit Card Functional Expenses

Assistant Director, Financial Systems, CitiFinancial, Baltimore, MD (2000 – 2003).
Served as both Accounting Manager supervising 13 accountants and Financial Systems lead in Oracle Hyperion Essbase database development and General Ledger conversion. Lead role in consolidating and presenting monthly total operating expense results and explaining variances to forecast to Senior Management.
Developed all Financial Reports using Hyperion Reports Manager.
Beta Tester for new (2001) Hyperion Allocations Manager software.

Assistant Controller, Partners First Holdings, Baltimore, MD (1997 – 2000).
Built the Solomon General Ledger and Best Fixed Asset system for this start up credit card company.
Managed both the Accounts Payable and Payroll functions.
Reviewed journal entries, approved vendor payments and prepared and reviewed account reconciliations.
Developed over 15 Accounting Policies and Procedures.
Managed the Travel and Entertainment reimbursement process.
Liaison for external audits.

EDUCATION
B.S., Finance (Accounting Minor), California State University Hayward. June 1988.
A.A., Accounting, Diablo Valley College, Pleasant Hill, CA. June 1982.
50% Completion of Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer Certification
Oracle (Hyperion Essbase) Developer and Calculation Scripts Certifications. June 2001.
Peoplesoft General Ledger, Cost Allocations and Trainer Certifications. March 2002.

SOFTWARE PROFICIENCY
SAP Financials and Database Query
Hyperion (Oracle) Essbase Developer and Power User including Calc Script development
TM1
Cognos Query and Report Builder
Microsoft Power BI Desktop
GL Systems: Peoplesoft, JD Edwards, McCormick & Dodge, Solomon, FAMOUS

SPECIAL ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Converted Cost Allocation methodologies and programming from McCormick & Dodge to Peoplesoft Accounting Software (Rewrite of over 500,000 lines of code).
Developed automated Hyperion Essbase Data Cube to calculate branch level profitability used to determine branch manager incentive bonuses.

REFERENCES AND FURTHER DATA UPON REQUEST

Contact this candidate
