
P.L. JANAKIRAM
Present Address: -
Plot - ***,
*5th Street,
Astalakshmi Nagar,
Alapakkam,
Chennai – 600 116.
Contact: +91-934**-*****
E-mail: adah67@r.postjobfree.com

<Date:
<Company Name:
Sub: Project Manager job reg
Dear Sir,
Against your expressed requirement of an appropriately qualified candidate for the subject position, I avail this occasion to endorse my resume for perusal and consideration. Review of my credentials would confirm my association with several organizations from the past nearly 30 years. Currently, I am spearheading as Site Incharge Nagasiva Vidyalaya Samanatham Madurai . My core competencies are in the domain of Civil Engineering, Site Supervision and Project Management. With trail of impeccable performances, I seek career realignment at managerial level with a progressive business organization. I am confident to provide positive leadership to ensure smooth and hassle free business operations. My enclosed resume shall take you through the details and I am sure, in my profile, you would find me, a perfect fit for the said job. I shall be glad to receive a call for a detailed interview, telephonic or personal, as convenient. I am readily accessible on my telephone numbers mentioned on the top of this letter.

Thanks and Regard
P.L. JANAKIRAM

Mobile: +91-934**-*****; E-Mail: adah67@r.postjobfree.com

Over 30 Plus years of Experience in Construction field

Offering; and Project Management, Construction Works; Customer service; Seeking managerial level assignments Project monitoring; Client sub contractor billing; Safety and quality Aspects; Cost monitoring; DLA, DPR, Estimation, Requirement of material @ site per week from the master schedule, BBS, Allocation of labors for the priority works in daily, check list follow-up; Junior level training and Reporting to senior level

~ Areas of Core Strengths ~
Project Management & coordination
Project Site Responsibilities
Engineering Drawings Review
Maintenance of Tools and Equipments
Problem Solving skills
Strategic Planning & Execution
Making Good Atmosphere
Regular Files Management
Client/Consultant Management

Learner & Receiver: Flair to continuously upgrade knowledge purview & keep updated on latest technology trends.

Organization and Projects Handled

Organization : Nagasiva Vidyalaya, Samanatham, Madurai
Period : March 2017 – Till
Designation : Site Incharge
Projects Handled:
College and school project

Organization : Almoayyed Contracting Group LLC; Bahrain.
Period : October 2014 – October 2016
Designation : Site Manager
Projects Handled:
Construction of Residential apartment in PPP villa project Budaiya.
Organization : Ramcons Construction Pvt. Ltd.
Period : January 2011 – September 2014
Designation : Project Manager
Projects Handled:
Construction of AGS Cinema theater T nagar - Chennai
Construction of apartment 6 flats Livia spaces at Alwarpet - Chennai
Apollo Children Hospital building nungambakkam – Chennai

Organization : Puranvankara Projects Limited.
Period : February 2008 – December 2010 (2.83-Y)
Designation : Project Engineer
Project Handled: Residential Apartment Pudupakkam - Chennai

Organization : Appaswamy Real Estate.
Period : September 2006 - February 2008 (2-Y)
Designation : Project Engineer
Project Handled: Residential Apartment MSB Virugambakkam - Chennai

Organization : Golden Homes.
Period : September 2004 - September 2006 (2-Y)
Designation : Project Engineer
Project Handled: Construction of Residential Apartments
Including STP, WTP, Swimming pool, Super market, Health Club (Gym, Steam, Sauna and Jacques) LPG reticulation system, Security intercom, Fire Alarm - mugapair - Chennai.

Organization : Vasanth Builders.
Period : June 1997 - August 2004 (7-Y)
Designation : Site Engineer
Projects Handled:
Residential Apartment
Velachery Bye Pass Road - Chennai
Velachery Main Road - Chennai
Little Mount - Chennai.

Organization : Maniram Engineering Company - Madurai
Period : July 1988 - May 1997 (9-Y)
Designation : Site Supervisor
Projects Handled:
Sourashtra Polytechnic, Kolimedu - Madurai.
Hajeemoosa Textiles Show Room, Gorippalayam - Madurai.
Swarna Lodge - courtallam
Sree Jaya Soundaram Textile Mills (P) Ltd., Madaguppatti - Sivagangai.
Responsibilities:
Taking control of and resolving Complex Technical and Escalated customer issues.
Reviewing weekly plans, schedules, along with resource allocation for optimum output.
Deploying company targets to the department / unit / module / cell level and measuring the effectiveness.
Implementing and monitoring effective procurement schedules with delivery dates.
Identifying the weak links and arranging reviews with concerned departments / people / vendor to improve performance.
Periodic material master review to rectify delay in projects.
Reviewing raw material receiving and finished goods dispatch as per schedule, minimizing waiting time.
Supporting hand for purchase to identify and develop local / new vendors to establish effective and efficient supply line.
Submitting the Labour Reports & DPR to Superior and office
Verification of sub contractor’s bills.
Maintaining all correspondence like DLR, DPR, JMR, Checklist & Pour card etc.
Studying Architectural & Rcc drawings
Taking quantities of all items from foundation to finishing.
Making sub contractor & Client bills
Co-ordinate with Architect & Structural consultant
Making Bar bending Schedule for any structure.
Coordination with sub-contractor and client
Supervising the shuttering, reinforcement and concreting the structures.
Co-ordination with MEP works.
Highlights:
Supervised all projects to ensure achievement of projects deliverables in terms of cost, quality and delivery time.
Studying of drawings and layouts and preparing execution plans for successful installation before due dates provided.

Education

April’ 1988 Diploma in Civil Engineering (D.C.E); Tamilnadu Polytechnic - Madurai 79.50%
Knowledge of Computer: MS-Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Mails.

Date of Birth: 10th April 1969
Languages Known: Sourashtra, Tamil, English and Hindi
Current Location: Plot no. 605, 25th street, Astalakshmi nagar, Alapakkam,
Chennai – 600116

Contact this candidate
