
RESUME
ABDUL BATEN MOLLAH
MOBILE No: +** *******8
:+88-017******** (BD)
Email id: adahra@r.postjobfree.com
APPLIED FOR THE POST: Structure Fabricator, Ship Builders, Marker, Design Specialist, welder, Scaffolder and Fork lift Operator.
OBJECTIVE
To obtain a leading of Hull Supervisor to utilize the knowledge & skills acquired throughout the years & strives for a successful career
a) Goal orientated individual with strong leadership quality. b) Proactive, Organized, good adaptability & strong determination. c) Proven ability to work in unison with staff & management personnel. Personal Details
Father’s name : Zafar Ali Mollah
Mother’s name : Rezia Begum
Date of Birth : 07.09.1979
Nationality : Bangladeshi
Marital status : Married
Height : 170cm
Religion : Islam
Sex : Male
Language : British & American English,
Permanent Address
Village: Haji Najar Post- Sarulia P.S- Demra District- Dhaka Bangladesh. Educational Qualification:
Secondary School Certificate (SSC)
Passport Details:
Passport No : BP 0100273
Date of issue : 30 April 2017
Date of expiry : 29 April 2022
Place of issue : Singapore
Other skills in Singapore
Shipyard Safety Supervisor Course.
MIG 3G,4G & 6G Welder ( Phoenix Puls machine Specialist).
SMAW 3G Welder
FCAW 3G & 4G Welder
GTAW ( TIG ) 6G
HDPE Liner Welder
Work at Height for Workers
Confined Space Safety course.
Operate Scissor lift.
Marine Metal scaffold Erector Course.
Overhead Crane operator course.
Operate Forklift course
Other Skills in Singapore
I have rewarded the safe Employee Award from Penguin shipyard Pte Ltd for my excellent safety performance, 27th January 2010.
Industrial Training Programme
Title : Structural fabricator Design, marker and Welder Organization : ASME 3G welding position.
Duration : 1 month
Duties & Responsibilities
1. Operated aluminium welding equipment safely and effectively . 2. Performed welding to install, repair and modify aluminium constructions. 3. Operated power saws, metal lathes, grinders and drill presses. 4. Followed basis preventive maintenance procedures. 5. Performed pre-use inspection and suggested post –use shutdowns. 6. Worked with lead welder to produce welds as per quality control standards. 7. Performed any other welding operations as suggested by the management. 8. Operated Over-head cranes as needed.
9. Performed Design and Fabricator, Fitting as suggested according to drawings. Working Experience In Singapore: 9 years
Name of employer Duration of service Position
Penguin Shipyard Pte Ltd 24/08/2009 to Till now Hull supervisor Job Description
1. To repair various type of Welding Machine.
2. To maintenance and repair of various type pneumatic equipment’s like Air compressor. Responsibilities
Attend daily safety meeting & Briefed the safety topic for the day
Preparation of hand tool& electrical tools, to be ensure that in good condition.
Perform Aluminum plate grinding and beveling of fitting and pipes and flat bar, Frame, BHD.
Marking and fabricator all types of aluminum work activities according to drawing.
Adhere to all safety procedures and work practice and when on site always survey work area for potential hazard.
Lafting any kinds of Frames, BHD according to drawing.
Perform related works as required by Manager.
Adhering to project drawing and specifications, maintaining good.
Workmanship, and fulfilling all safety & Quality Requirement pertaining to work
Follow the requirement outlined in standard work process procedure
Work safety at all times. Proper housekeeping after work.
Gangway fabrication, welding and grinding according to drawing.
Work place erect scaffolding platform according to MOM guide line.
Make the workplace safe for all workers.
Given proper instruction for all work force.
Nature of work
Fabrication & installation of al type of tasks
Fitting of Angle Bars and T Bars and C channels H-Beam,Square Tube, Round bar for supports
Hand bevel & Cutting with cutting Torch & cutting Machine
Preheats work pieces using hand torch and heating furnace
Inspects the Finished spools for confirmation.
Grinding & Polishing
Welding Aluminum 3G,4G & 6G
Straight cutting by using Miller Cutter.
OTHERS INFORMATION
Motives for applying : I would like to challenge as sequel professional value & financial gains. Career aspirations : The goal exceeding due to endow keen knowledge & innovated dexterity. Reason for Leave : Development and significant challenge. Current Salary : $S 2,500.00/month + OT+ Production bonus + Medical & Transport etc. Expected Salary : Negotiable .
DECLARATION:
I hereby declare that all statements made in this application are true, complete and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. I understand that in the event of any information being found false or incorrect or suppressed, my candidature, at any stage, is liable to be cancelled. Thanking you
Abdul Baten Mollah

Contact this candidate
