
PRADYOT KUMAR PATITUNDA
Contact Mobile No: 974-***-****; Email: adah95@r.postjobfree.com
Residential Address: 2, Station Lane, Dhakuria, Kolkata-700031
Profile Summary
Chemical Engineer,having 30 years of experiences in Project Management of Turnkey & Consultancy Projects ( EPC /PMC/ EPCM ) in oil, gas, petrochemical, chemical, industrial water & wastewater treatment Plants.

I have extensive experience in executing projects in India for reputed Clients like ONGC,IOCL,HPCL,BPCL,HPL for their Refineries and petrochemical plants. Fully conversant with all Engineering Standards & Regulations -IS/API/OISD/ANSI. Managed PMC /EPCM projects including Design & Detailed Engineering of Process Areas,Tank farm & terminals, LPG storage,Fire Fighting system,offsites and utilities,Gas compressors and Scrubber system, Crude pipelines,LPG pipelines, wellhead & trunk pipelines, condensate pipelines.

Managed a team of engineers(40-60) including Project,Planning, process, mechanical,electrical,civil,instrumentation disciplines. Periodically visited construction sites and provided support to RCM for technical matters/issues with sub contractors.

Responsible for all techno-commercial aspects of the Project .Planning of engineering work in terms of scope, schedule and manpower. Involved in resource allocation (including recruitment/outsource) engineers as necessary, training &development of my departmental staff and their appraisals.

Responsible for overall Engineering co-ordination and management, ensuring engineering is effectively carried out in accordance with company policy (HSEQ) and meets the Projects specifications.
Responsible for Project performance, ensure this is effectively managed and controlled, attending review meetings, resolving issues and management reporting

I have also experience in working in countries - USA, UAE, Libya,Indonesia,Vietnam,Canada for executing projects of international clients

Core Competencies/Skills
Process Engineering
Project Management
Engineering Management/co-ordination
Customer Relationship Management
Communication /Team Management/Leadership

Work Experiences

Aug 2019- Till date PETROCIL ENGINEERING CONSULTANCY PVT LTD,Mumbai
(Oil,Gas & Petrochemicals Business vertical)
Currently working on a contract with this company for overall Project Management of all the Greenfield & Brownfield Projects for their Client M/S British Petroleum Lube oil Manufacturing Plant (Castrol India Ltd) based at Kolkata.

Overall resposible for completion of all site Mechanical fabrication & erection work including Equipment, Pump, vessels,tanks, piping,pipe supports as per Code & Company’s HSE standard

Nov 2018-May 2019 PYRAMID CONSULTING ENGINEERS PVT LTD,Thane,INDIA
(Oil,Gas & Petrochemicals Business vertical)
General Manager-Projects.

Worked as SBU Head of Project Execution of EPC/PMC/EPCM projects in onshore & offshore,Oil & Gas and Petrochemical Projects Business Vertical . Overall responsible for Business Generation and Execution of Projects maintaining time,quality & profits. Leading a team of Project Managers,Project Engineers,Document Controller & all engineering disciplines including Process,Mechanical,Electrical,Civil & Instrumentation. Other responsibilities include Effective Engineering /Technical co-ordination, Contract review, Variations/Change orders, Management reporting .My Responsibilities include the following:-
-Overall Project co-ordination/control
-Engineering management
-Project Financials
-Co-ordination with sub contractors/vendors
-Project close out/handover
-Resource Management

June 2016- Oct 2018
Freelance Project Management Consultant

Worked as a Freelancer Project Management Consultant for PMC/EPCM projects in Oil & Gas,Chemical Plants Provided services including Project co-ordination, Engineering management, Site Supervision activities on contract basis with reputed Clients and Successfully executed several assignments

Oct 2008- May 2016 MOTT MACDONALD LTD
(Oil,Gas & Petrochemicals Division,India Business Unit)
Head Project/Project Manager – INDIA & UAE (Dubai) office.
My Roles and Responsibilities:-

Project Management work for Consultancy Projects in oil, gas & petrochemical sectors which includes Process Design, Detailed Engineering, Procurement assistance, Project Management, Construction management, review of EPC contractor’s engineering drawings & documents.
Engineering/Technical co-ordination with in-house multidisciplinary Design Team
Review and approval of Engineering drawings, documents, calculations prepared by the design team as per Contractual requirements before sending to Clients.
Effective Co-ordination/interfacing with internal design team, Client & EPC contractors.
Was deputed to Libya & Vietnam for Project co-ordination with client, study of existing system/process, collection of data
Spearheading a team of project managers/engineers, planning engineers & document controllers and also worked as the Project Manager for major contracts.
Management reporting, project monitoring, man-hours /cost control and to meet the budgeted profits.
Ensuring quality of work and superior customer relations so as to enhance customer satisfaction levels.
Meet the target Invoicing and Payments collections from clients.
Extending supports to the business development team in pre-bid meeting and tendering.

Key Contributions:-
Successfully completed assigned projects within scheduled time frames and stipulated budgets with profits.
Obtained customer’s satisfaction and managed the relations effectively to garner repeat business enquiries from clients
Resolved issues in contracts having stringent terms and was able to close contracts following management’s directives.
Trained and developed successor as Project Manager within the department

Major Projects handled :-

Onshore SIBA Field development Project in upstream oil & gas,Kuwait Energy Iraq Ltd,Iraq
1000 MT capacity LPG Mounded Bullets and associated system at IOCL, Haldia –Paradeep Pipeline Project
Produced water treatment Plants,Onshore Oil fields GGS, ONGC, Rajahmundry, A.P. & Mehsana,Gujarat.
Revamping of Gas Scrubbers for Oil fields compressors stations of Harouge Oil Operations, Libya
LPG Bottling plants & White oil Terminals, HPCL, Vizag
Revamping of Amine treatment unit, IOCL Refinery, Barauni
LPG Storage modifications, IOCL Refinery, Haldia
Grass root LPG Bottling Plants, HPCL, Bathinda.
Carbon Black Plant, Philips Carbon Ltd, Vietnam
Coal Tar Distillation plant, Himadri Chemicals, Singur,WB

2007-2008 LARSEN & TOUBRO LTD, CHENNAI
Deputy General Manager-Process
My Roles and Responsibilities:-
I Worked as the Head of the Process Department - Plant Engineering Services at Chennai and was overall responsible for providing timely & quality deliverables required for Plants modifications/revamping work for overseas client.Plant Engineering work included Process deliverables i.e. Modified/updated PFD,P&ID,Hydraulic/pressure drop calculations, line sizing, Flow analysis, Specification/datasheets of process equipments, Line list, Equipment List, Instrument process datasheet as required for other disciplines/procurement by Client. I was leading a team of Process engineers and supervised their work,provided training to GETs,performance appraisals,manhours budgeting and control, providing reports to management.

I was deputed to Client’s manufacturing units at USA for collection of Process inputs, attend technical discussions with clients and finalize the deliverables prepared by the engineering team at L&T India.
Key Contributions:-
Effective Engineering/Technical co-ordination with in-house multidisciplinary Design Team
Successfully steered all functions as departmental head ensuring timely delivery and profitability of Plant Engineering services.
Instrumental in spearheading key functions such as Process Engineering, management reporting, customer satisfaction, project delivery & monitoring, budgeting and cost control.
Worked at Client’s office in USA for engineering co-ordination (Offshore-Onshore Model)
Major Projects Handled:-

1.Engineering modifications/revamping of Process Plants of Procter & Gamble Co.Cincinati, USA
2.Process water treatment plant modifications of Procter & Gamble Co, Kansas City,USA
3.Process safety studies for Hazardous Chemicals storage for Procter & Gamble Co.Kansas city, USA

2001-2007 VA TECH WABAG LTD, CHENNAI
Senior Manager-Engineering
My Roles and Responsibilities:-
I was overall responsible for co-ordination and completion of all engineering activities of EPC projects in water & waste water treatment plants which includes basic design package, PFDS, P&IDS, Specifications/datasheet, calculations, line list, control philosophy and other detailed engineering drawings.
I visited Canada for sourcing SBR technology of bio-treatment for sepecific project and finalized the design and drawings of major equipment Decanter,with the Canadian supplier
Attending review meetings /technical discussions with clients/consultants, visit project sites to resolve technical issues, provide training to engineering team based on lessoned learned from projects executed and support Project Managers for successful execution.
Key Contributions:-
1.Efffective Engineering/Technical co-ordination with in-house multidisciplinary Design Team
2.Discharged all functions as an engineering manager/ Technical co-coordinator, encompassing effective co-ordination between engineering disciplines i.e. Process, Mechanical, Civil, Electrical & Instrumentation, cost control monitoring of man-hours budgets.
3.Timely completed engineering activities of projects as per budgeted cost and obtained customer satisfaction
Major Projects handled:-
1.DM water treatment plant,IOCL Panipat refinery,UP
2.Reverse Osmosis and recycle water treatment Plant,Chennai Petroleum Corporation Ltd,Chennai
3.DM water treatment plant, Chennai Petroleum Corporation Ltd,Chennai
4.Waste water treatment plant with SBR technology from Canada, Chennai Petroleum Corporation Ltd,Chennai
5.Common Effluent treatment Plants Tannery effluent, Kolkata Leather Complex, Kolkata
6.Reverse Osmosis and recycle water treatment Plant, IOCL Mathura Refinery
7.

1999-2001 BOVIS LENDLEASE LTD, BANGALORE
Manager (Water & Waste water treatment)
My Roles and Responsibilities:-

I worked as the technical Head for Process water system, wastewater treatment & Plant sewage treatment packages. These facilities /packages were part of the Coca-Cola Bottling plant, executed by my company in India & Abroad on EPC basis. My activities included Review of Process design and drawings, co-ordination with Engineering disciplines, approval of sub vendors drawings & documents, Expediting suppliers, resolve technical issues at site during implementation, attending review meetings with Coca-Cola authorities and handing over of the facilities. My work included selection of optimum treatment process and equipment based on the inputs /parameters given by Coca-Cola Co Atlanta,USA, Discuss with environmental specialists to finalize the ETP basic engineering drawings and documents i,e PFD,P&ID,specifications and issue for detailed engineering, discuss/co-ordinate with Coca-Cola for approval and issue for construction. Also provided technical support to Project Managers and resolving technical issues during plant construction and commissioning/handover.
I was deputed to Indonesia for study of the treatment process of existing wastewater treatment plants of Coca-Cola at various locations, carried out analysis of various parameters related to sludge productions, chemicals consumption and prepared report suggesting improvement/modification in the treatment scheme.

Major Projects handled:-
Process water system, waste water treatments and plant sewage treatments were all implemented in the Coca-Cola Bottling Plants located in each of the following states of India and Indonesia:-
1.Bangalore
2.Siliguri
3.Mumbai
4.Jaipur
5.Goa
6.Ghaziabad
7.Hyderabad
8.Padang,Lumung,Indonesia

1996-1999 KIRLOSKAR AAF LTD., BANGALORE
Manager-Process

My Roles and Responsibilities:-
I worked as the Head of Process Department of Company’s SBU executing EPC projects in water & wastewater treatment plants and was responsible for the following :-

1.Timely completion of all process engineering activities for the projects within the budgeted cost.
2.Review & approval of Basic Engineering Package including PFD, P&ID, Hydraulic flow diagram, Datasheets, calculations, Equipment list, line list, control philosophy with assistance from Junior process engineers, before sending to Client/Consultant.
3.Obtain approval from Client /Consultant on Process packages within schedule with minimum revisions and errors.
4.Supervise the work of Process engineers and provide training, performance appraisal
5.Effective Engineering/Technical co-ordination with in-house multidisciplinary Design Team

1.Effluent treatment plant, ONGC GGS, Assam, India
2.Effluent treatment plant, IPCL petrochemical complex, Gujarat
3.Common effluent treatment plant, Power plant effluents,NTPC, India
4.Effluent treatment plant,Birla copper Ltd, Dahej,Gujarat

1990-1996 NICCO CORPORATION LTD-PROJECT DIVISION KOLKATA
Deputy Manager-Process

My Roles and Responsibilities:-
I worked as a Process Engineer in the Project Division executing EPC projects in petrochemical, chemical industrial water & wastewater treatment plants. My activities included the following:-
1.Preparation of PFDs and P&IDs
2.Mass & energy balance calculations
3.Hydraulic/Pressure Drop calculation
4.Sizing of units and equipment list
5.Preparation of process datasheet and control philosophy
6.Instrument Process datasheet
7.Vendor’s technical bids evaluation & review of drawings/specification
8.Review of Licensor’s Basic Engineering Package.
9.Compilation of operation and maintenance manuals
10.Pre-commissioning and commissioning activities for Formaldehyde plant and High rate water filtration plant of TISCO HSM in presence of Licensor’s engineer(Bamag)
11.Attending meetings/discussions with Client/Consultant(EIL Delhi /M.N.DASTUR Kolkata/MECON Bangalore ) for approval of basic engineering package
12. Assisted marketing team in cost estimation and preparation of Bid and was successful in winning major tenders.
Major Projects handled:-
1.Revamping of Formaldehyde Plant, Assam Petrochemicals Ltd .Assam
2.Gas cleaning and Sulphuric Acid Plant, Hindustan Copper Ltd, Ghatshila
3.Rubber Chemical ZC Project, ICI Chemicals;Rishra
4.Abrasive silica project, Hindustan Lever Ltd.Haldia
5.CSY Catalyst project, Hindustan Lever Ltd.Haldia
8.Heat Recovery system, Sulphuric acid plant,Hindustan Lever Ltd.,Haldia
6.Spent caustic treatment plant at GAIL, petrochemical complex, UP
7.Effluent treatment plant, Numaligarh Refinery Ltd, Assam
8.High rate water filtration plants for Hot Strip Mill effluent of TISCO, Jamshedpur.
9.Raw water treatment plant,Jindal Vijayanagar Steel,Banagloree

1988-1990 SUBARBAN ENGINEERING WORKS PVT LTD., KOLKATA,
Senior Engineer- Design & Sales
My Roles and Responsibilities:-
I was responsible for preparation of Techno-commercial proposal for Process Equipment and getting orders from Clients. My activities included Design of process Equipment as per various codes i.e. ASME/TEMA/IS,cost estimation based on data from Fabrication shop, submitting offers to clients, follow-up, negotiations, receipt of purchase orders from clients and handing over the job to the workshop. I was deputed for erection supervision of specific equipment and associated work at Client’s manufacturing unit/project sites. Gained thorough knowledge on design and fabrication of the following Process equipment:-

1.Pressure vessels
2.Bulk chemical Storage Tanks/Dosing Tanks
3.Shell & Tube Heat exchangers
4.Agitators –Mixers
5.Absorbers/Scrubbers/Columns
6.Clarifiers & Clariflocculators
7.Water softners
Clients included Berger Paints Ltd, Hindustan Lever Ltd, Thermax Ltd, NICCO project divn, Engineering Projects India Ltd, Vam Organics Ltd, HCC Ltd, NOCIL, Johnson & Nicholson Ltd,ION Exchange India Ltd.

1987-1988 VINNY ENGINEERING ENTERPRISES, KOLKATA
Trainee Chemical Engineer

I worked as a Graduate Trainee in Process and Project Department for EPC project execution in Water and Wastewater treatment Plants. Gained knowledge in PFD,P&IDS,Datasheets, calculations,Project planning and construction process at site. Projects included DM water plant, NTPC, Effluent treatment plant of JCT Electronics, Filtration plant of Drinking water system at IAAI.

Education
B.Tech. – Chemical Engineering, Calcutta University, 1986-1st Class (75.2%)
B.Sc.( Honours) – Chemistry, Calcutta University, 1983
Member of the Indian Institute of Chemical Engineers

Contact this candidate
