
Ernesto B. Mapili Jr.
Building **, Flat *, Al Khubaib St., Al Mansoura, Doha, Qatar
Mobile No. +974-********
Email: adaho0@r.postjobfree.com
CAREER PROFILE:
Responsible engineer with more than twenty-eight years’ overseas experience in the field of electrical project engineering, on site construction supervision, quality control inspection, testing, pre-commissioning, commissioning and maintenance of various electrical, instrument and telecommunication systems for different types of buildings, oil and gas plants, power plants, desalination plants and infrastructure projects. Have extensive exposure in project management, being familiar with QCS standard, KAHRAMAA regulations and international standards. EDUCATION:
Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering
FEATI University, Sta. Cruz, Manila, Philippines
CERTIFICATES:
- Registered Electrical Engineer / PRC License No. 14628
- Certified as Grade ”A” Electrical Engineer by Qatar Ministry of Municipality and Urban Planning and Qatar Civil Defense / Certificate No. 3121
WORK EXPERIENCES:
Company: ACCIONA AGUA S.A. – Doha Qatar (10/04/15 to 02/20/19) Project : Putatan Water Treatment Plant 2 ( 2017 to 2019 ) Client : Maynilad
Location : Muntinlupa City, Philippines
Position : Electrical Project Engineer
Job Descriptions:
Serves a vital role in the Design and Construction of Putatan Water Treat Plant 2 Project (Muntinlupa City Philippines). Ensuring that works are executed in accordance with the design specifications and client requirements. Engage in review of Subcontractor’s technical submittals for Electrical & Instrument discipline. Such as shop drawings, Request for information, Material Submittal, Method Statements and etc.Strictly supervise and monitor through daily site surveillance of all ongoing activities during construction such as installation of medium and low voltage switchgears, transformers, low voltage variable speed drives, SCADA and PLC, low voltage motors, MCC’s, distribution boards, medium and low voltage cables as well as control and instrument cables. Cable trays and containment, small power and auxiliaries. Directly involve in QC activities.
Project : Umm Al Houl Power IWPP – Reverse Osmosis ( 2016 to 2017 ) Client : Umm Al Houl Power
Location : Umm Al Houl, Qatar
Position : Electrical Project Engineer
Job Descriptions:
Serves a vital role in construction of Umm Al Houl Reverse Osmosis Project (Umm Al Houl, Qatar) ensuring that works are executed in accordance with the design specifications and client requirements. Engage in review of Subcontractor’s technical submittals for Electrical & Instrument discipline. Such as shop drawings, Request for Information, Material Submittal, Method Statements etc. Strictly supervise and monitor through daily site surveillance of all ongoing activities during construction such as installation of medium and low voltage switchgears, transformers, medium and low voltage variable speed drives, DCS, medium and low voltage motors, MCC’s, distribution boards, medium and low voltage cables as well as control and instrument cables, cable trays and containment, small power and auxiliaries. Directly involve in QC activities.
Project : Ras Abu Fontas 3 - Reverse Osmosis ( 2015 to 2016 ) Client : Qatar General Water and Electricity Corporation Location : Ras Abu Fontas, Qatar
Position : Electrical Project Engineer
Job Descriptions:
Serves a vital role in construction of Qatar Water and Electricity Corporation Reverse Osmosis Project ( Ras Abu Fontas 3) ensuring that works are executed in accordance with the design specifications and client requirements. Engage in review of Subcontractor’s technical submittals for Electrical & Instrument discipline. Such as shop drawings, Request for Information, Material Submittal, Method Statements etc. Strictly supervise and monitor through daily site surveillance of all ongoing activities during construction such as installation of medium and low voltage switchgears, transformers, medium and low voltage variable speed drives, medium and low voltage motors, MCC’s, distribution boards, medium and low voltage cables as well as control and instrument cables. cable trays and containment, small power and auxiliaries, cathodic protection system, fire alarm system, CCTV system, HVAC system and etc. Directly involve in QC activities. Company: NATIONAL ELECTRO MECHANICAL CO. (02/11/11 to 08/05/15) Project : Office Building (2B+G+14F) – 2 Tower
Client : SH. Abdulla Nasser Khalifa Bin Ahmed Al Thani Location : Salata-Al Mirqab, Doha, Qatar
Project : Administrative Building for Private Affairs Office Client : Private Affairs Office
Location : Al-Rayyan, Doha, Qatar
Project : 21 Villa Compound, Club House and Office Building Client : SH. Ali Bin Ahmad Bin Khalifa Al Thani
Location : Fareej Al Nasr, Doha, Qatar
Position : Senior Projects Engineer
Job Descriptions:
Reports to the General Manager. Review the electrical drawings, and specification at each stage of the design to ensure completeness, correctness, compliance with the scope of work and agreements requirements. Carryout constructability review during the design and modification stages. Review in timely manner material and shop drawing submittals. Responsible for the implementation of project construction coveringl installation of transformers, MV panels, sub-main boards, distribution boards, main power distribution system, bus duct system, lighting and small power system, fire detection and alarm system, public address and voice evacuation system, telephone and data system, CCTV and access control system, BMS system, SMATV sytem, Video Interphone system, clock and bell system, structured cabling system, wires and cables, cable trays and containment and ensure efficient work progress. Serve as site representative for all matters related to construction quality assurance and quality control of electrical works. Responsible for the development of estimates, procurement and cost analysis. Implement safety awareness at site as often as necessary. Witness and certify subcontractor’s site testing and commissioning works.
Company: SPIE Oil and Gas Formerly IPEDEX Production LLC seconded to Qatargas and SIDEM France (2007 to 2010)
Project : Ras Laffan C IWPP Project ( 01/19/10 to 08/31/10 ) Client : Ras Girtas Power Company
Location: Ras Laffan Industrial City, Qatar
Position : Electrical QC Engineer
Job Descriptions:
Serve as Electrical QC Engineer of SIDEM (Societe Internationale Dessalement) for the electrical installation and QC activities on Ras Laffan C Independent Water and Power Project composed of ten MED – Multi Effect Desalination and its associated equipments such as electrical and electronics building, seawater and brine reject system, steam and condensate system, centralized chemical system, air supply system, demineralized water system, distillate water system, CO2 plant and injection system, limestone vessel and conveyor system, backwash recovery system, potable water system, service water system, drainage system, variable speed drive system and all other electrical and control system.
Project : Qatar Gas II LNG Onshore Facilities (07/11/07 to 11/30/09 ) Client : Qatar Gas
Location: Ras Laffan Industrial City, Qatar
Position: E & I Inspector ( QA/QC Project Management Team ) Job Descriptions:
Client representative as E & I Inspector of Qatar Gas II a joint venture of Qatar Gas Operating Company Ltd. And Exxon Mobil Ltd. for the electrical and instrument inspection activities on Qatar Gas II LNG Onshore Facilities Project composed of a main control building, 14 nos. substation buildings, 14 nos. ITR buildings, 6 nos. VFD buildings, slug catchers, inlet facilities, effluent, knock out drum, flare, utilities and fresh cooling water area, trains 4 and 5 area, sulfur recovery unit, liquid sulfur, LNG tanks and unloading berth 4 and 5 area. Company: Bureau Veritas seconded to Dolphin Energy Ltd. (05/02/06 to 06/29/07) Project : Ras Laffan Gas Processing Plant and Compression Facilities Client : Dolphin Energy Ltd.
Location : Ras Laffan Industrial City, Qatar
Position : E & I Inspector
Job Descriptions:
Client representative as E & I Inspector of Dolphin Energy Ltd. for the electrical and instrument inspection activities on Ras Laffan Gas Processing Plant and Compression Facilities, project composed of central control building, operation building, mosque, spare parts and storage building, guard houses, substation buildings, slug catchers and inlet receiving facilities, trains 1 & 2 and tank farm area.
Company: Doosan Heavy Industries & Construction Co., Ltd. (06/30/95 to 02/14/06) Project : Sabiya 100 MIGD Water Distillation Plants with Recarbonation System – Client : Ministry of Energy
Location : Sabiya, Kuwait
Position : Chief Electrical Engineer (2005 – 2006) Job Descriptions:
Served as EPC contractor Chief Electrical Engineer for the electrical installation and QC activities of desalination plant projects composed of main control buildings, GIS buildings, substation buildings, evaporators, main pumping stations, filteration and recarbonation system. Project : Fujairah 100MIGD Water Desalination and 656MW Power Generation Plant Client : Fujairah Electric and Water Authority
Location : Fujairah, United Arab Emirates.
Position : Electrical Engineer (2002 – 2005)
Job Descriptions:
Served as EPC contractor Electrical Engineer for the electrical installation and QC activities of power plant and desalination plant projects composed of gas turbines, steam turbines, heat recovery steam generation, evaporators, main control buildings, substation buildings, administration buildings, spare parts and storage buildings, Reverse Osmosis plant and main pumping stations.
Project : SWCC, Shoaiba Phase II 125 MIGD Desalination Plant Client : Seawater Conversion Corporation
Location : Shoaiba, Jeddah, KSA.
Position : Electrical Engineer (1995-2002)
Job Descriptions:
An EPC contractor Electrical Engineer for the electrical installation and QC activities of desalination plant projects composed of main control building, substation and switchgear buildings, evaporators and main pumping station and housing projects. Company : Hyundai Engineering & Construction Co., Ltd. (05/31/1991 to 05/311995) Project : NIVIP - SA-PKT Project
Client : Ministry of Interior, K.S.A.
Location : Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
Position : Electrical Engineer
Job Descriptions:
An EPC contractor Electrical Engineer for the electrical installation and QC activities of the Ministry of Interior projects composed of different types of buildings such as operation buildings, school buildings, commercial buildings, hospitals, residential buildings, control buildings, power station, clubhouse, mosque, fire department building and other infrastructures such as water treatment plant, sewage and waste water treatment plant, substation buildings, power distribution system, road lightings, security system CCTV and master antennae system . Company : Centrophil Builders Corporation Manila, Philippines (05/05/1990 to 03/05/1991) Projects : Various Projects
Clients : Various Clients
Location : Manila, Philippines
Position : Electrical Engineer Estimator/Supervisor Job Descriptions:
Conducts technical estimates & installation supervision on the various power requirements of the following; 1.AMKOR/ANAM Philippines. 2. Motorola Philippines. 3. Integrated Micro Electronics. 4 Zilog Philippines. 5. Analog Devices. INTEL Philippines Company : F. F. Meris Builders Corporation (04/05/1986 to 04/05/1990) Projects : Various Projects
Clients : Various Clients
Location : Manila, Philippines
Position : Electrical Engineer Estimator/Supervisor Job Descriptions:
Conducts technical design, estimates & supervision on the installation of power requirements of Garments Factories, Commercial Buildings & Housing Projects. Company : Al Mughrabi Trading & Const. Est. (03/24/1984 to 03/31/1986) Project : Various Projects
Client : Various Client
Location : Al Khobar, K.S.A.
Position : Electrical Engineer
Job Descriptions :
Conducts technical design, estimates & supervision on the various power requirements of the following; Royal Commission in Jubail, The Royal Saudi Defense Force in Dharan, Sapin Packaging Corp. in Dammam, K. S. A
Company : J. B. Aquaproof and Construction (05/30/1983 to 02/28/1984) Project : Various Projects
Client : Various Client
Location : Manila, Philippines
Position : Electrical Engineer
Job Descriptions :
Conducts technical supervision & estimates on the power requirements of various Gasoline Stations projects for Caltex Philippines & Petron Philippines Company : RADIANS Engineering Co. (12/21/1976 to 04/30/1983) Project : Various Projects
Client : Various Client
Location : Manila, Philippines
Position : Electrical Engineer
Job Descriptions :
Conducts technical supervision on the installation of Power & Control Panelboards, Generator Sets, Lighting & Power System, Fire Alarm System, Intercom System, Telephone System & CATV System for Housing Projects, Industrial Plants, Commercial Buildings, Hotels, Warehouses & Hospitals.
Training and Seminars:
- H2S Evacuation and Awareness
- PPE Awareness
- Confined Space Entry
- PTW Permit-to-Work System
- Crane Safety Awareness
- Defensive Driving
- Module 1 – Supervision and Leadership
- Module 2 – Management in HSES
- Module 3 – General Safety
- Module 4 – Security Control and Monitoring
- Module 5 – Environment Control and Monitoring
- Module 6 – Occupational Health
- Module 7 – Safety Based Behavioral Management
- Module 8 – Safe Work Method Statement
- Power2 – People Observing Work for Employee Risk Reduction
- Accident and Incident Investigation
- Working at Height- 100% Tie-off
Special Skills:
Computer software experience which includes autocad, microsoft word and excel, think project and aconex
Character References:
Engr. Manuel Serrano
Project Director for Middleast and Asia / ACCIONA AGUA S.A. Kiran Fernandes
Senior Human Resources Coordinator / ACCIONA AGUA S.A.

Contact this candidate
