
Jimmy Lanuza Dubas
Sitio Theresa Brgy Buensuceso
Gumaca, Quezon (4307)
Mobile No.
Globe: +639*********
Smart: +639*********

E-mail add: adaha5@r.postjobfree.com

OBJECTIVE:
To develop my skills and use my capabilities and the knowledge that I gained in a fair and challenging work atmosphere.

PROFILE:

Employed as Site Head at Nestle Cabuyao Overflow under the supervision of Fast Services Corp. (Nestle 3rd Party Service Provider)–Period Covered: November 1, 2016 up to present.

Employed as Outbound Supervisor at Nestle North Distribution Center under the supervision of Fast Services Corp. (Nestle 3rd Party Service Provider)–Period Covered: January 1, 2015 to November 1, 2016.

PLANNING

1.Analyse data and process reports from the different sections under his/her watch and initiate action plans for the improvement of the whole/bigger processes. Coordinate with fellow supervisors and/or client to make sure that formulated action plans are beneficial to all parties concerned. Ability to see the bigger picture and think “out of the box”.
2.Identifies training needs for the Outbound Group.
3.Present valuable (standard) reports regarding the service performance of the customer orders processing and deliveries.
4.Strategize how to meet outbound volume for the day with available resources – man, machine and materials.
5.Communicate work plan for the day to all outbound mini-businesses to achieve the target.

LEADING

1.Oversees outbound end to end process.
2.Leads the group in achieving formulated plans for the outbound team.
3.Initiates and implements exception management procedures for the team.
4.Implements KRA’s & KPI’s to achieve excellence.
5.Ensure safety of his area of responsibility during abnormal and emergency conditions.
6.Ensure all incidents are reported and ensure corrective and preventive action plans within his control are closed in coordination with the site safety lead.
7.Disseminates and/or implements new procedures, policies and instruction as advised by the DC Manager.
8.Helps the team in resolving outbound issues and lead them in every problem-solving activity.

ORGANIZING

1. Guides the team when it comes to prioritization of customer orders to achieve on time deliveries.
2. Consolidates DC scorecards and other related reports for the DC Manager’s perusal.

CONTROL
1.Takes charge on customer complaint and resolution. He/she must know what issues to be delegate or not. Immediate action plans must be implemented to avoid repeat of similar concern.
2.Monitors DC scorecards for the achievement of the desire targets and other related reports.

Transferred to North Distribution Center as Inbound Supervisor at Nestle in Meycauayan Bulacan under the supervision of Fast Services Corp. (Nestle 3rd Party Service Provider)–Period Covered: May 01, 2011 to December 31, 2015.
Coordinate and follow up with the truckers for the scheduling of incoming deliveries.
Prepare and submit Incoming Daily Report for submission to Warehousing Manager
Plans daily operations manning distribution vs. equipment requirement to hit desired output.
Leads and follow Site Safety Rules and Regulation. Observe waste segregation policy and energy conservation inside the office.

Employed as Shift Supervisor at Nestle Cabuyao Factory under the supervision of Fast Services Corp. (Nestle 3rd Party Service Provider)–Period Covered: May, 2011 up to November 2011.

Employed as Inventory Controller at Nestle Cabuyao Factory under the supervision of Fast Services Corp. (Nestle 3rd Party Service Provider)–Period Covered: August 15, 2010 to May 01, 2011.

Target 100% Inventory accuracy.
All FG are ensuring located @ the designated area using 7 parameters:
1.Materials Number
2.Quantity
3.Batch Code
4.Location
5.Sled
6.SSCC
7.Status

Employed as Push Pull Operator at Nestle Cabuyao Factory under the supervision of Fast Services Corp. (Nestle 3rd Party Service Provider)–Period Covered: February 06 2009 to August 15, 2010.

All FG are insuring 100% accurate transfer to right location thru RF.
Ensuring all Production received is not stay in more than 12hours.

Employed as Forklift Operator at Nestle Cabuyao Factory under the supervision of Fast Services Corp. (Premium Staffers, INC.) (Nestle 3rd Party Service Provider)–Period Covered: August 2007 to February 2009.
Ensures that serving of packaging, raw material, bulk powders and other materials are delivered on time.
Ensures integrity of materials being issued to production. Maintains traceability and on-time system transfer-posting via RF scanner. Ensures ‘hand-shake’ with production controller during issuance.
Maintains a complete and accurate knowledge of the condition and status of materials issued to production lines as well as production returns.
Ensures that the assigned area follows Good Warehousing Practice (GWP)
Oversees safety and proper usage/maintenance of forklift.

Employed as Forklift Operator & 10w driver at Nestle Cabuyao Branch under the supervision of Mega pack container corp. (Nestle 3rd Party Service Provider)–Period Covered: February 2007 to August 2007.
Ensures that serving of packaging, raw material, bulk powders and other materials are delivered on time.
Ensures integrity of materials being issued to production. Maintains traceability and on-time system transfer-posting via RF scanner. Ensures ‘hand-shake’ with production controller during issuance.
Maintains a complete and accurate knowledge of the condition and status of materials issued to production lines as well as production returns.
Ensures that the assigned area follows Good Warehousing Practice (GWP).
Oversees safety and proper usage/maintenance of forklift.

Employed as Outbound head at Nestle Libis Branch under the supervision of NLT (Nestle 3rd Party Service Provider)–Period Covered: October 2005 to Feb 2007.
Ensuring proper sequence of picking to comply with the prioritization of Accounts/Orders.
Checking of material, batch codes, quantity and quality of order vs. actual picked.
Wearing of hard hat when entering the warehouse covered area.
Proper use of pedestrian lane and be familiar in all warning signs found Inside the warehouse.
Ensure all equipment are properly maintained.
Ensure that checklist and monitoring of forklift and pallet lifters are completely filled in.
Know the proper use of firefighting equipment.
Check and monitor that all RF must not be place anywhere.
Wear ID and proper uniform while inside the warehouse.
To religiously follow instructions, working rules and regulations and actively participate in all trainings, research and development Regarding safety and health.
Monitor placement of stocks in Outbound Staging Area.
To effectively check the condition of van and stock, Quantity, batch Code and material number for Loading.
Observe the correct number of chock blocks for every truck types.
Ensure that all pickers and operators must use RF in the confirmation of Picked goods.
Provide summary of dispatches for the day.
Ensure correctness of data of Outbound Score Card/KPI.

Employed as Inbound head at Nestle Libis Branch under the supervision of NLT (Nestle 3rd Party Service Provider) -Period Covered: Nov 2004 to 2005.
Checking of material, batch codes, quantity and quality of order vs. actual picked.
Wearing of hard hat when entering the warehouse covered area.
Proper use of pedestrian lane and be familiar in all warning signs found inside the warehouse.
Wear ID and proper uniform while inside the warehouse.
Know the proper use of firefighting equipment.
Proper use of pedestrian lane and be familiar in all warning signs inside the warehouse.
Ensure all equipment are properly maintained.
Ensure that checklist and monitoring of forklift and pallet lifters are completely filled in.
Check and monitor that all RF must not be place anywhere.
Ensure that all pickers and operators must use RF in the confirmation of picked goods.
Employed as receiving checker at Nestle Libis Branch under the supervision of NLT (Nestle 3rd Party Service Provider)–Period Covered: 2003 to 2004.
Checking of material, batch codes, quantity and quality of order vs. Actual picked.
Wearing of hard hat when entering the warehouse covered area.
Proper use of pedestrian lane and be familiar in all warning signs found inside the warehouse.
Wear ID and proper uniform while inside the warehouse.
Know the proper use of firefighting equipment.
Proper use of pedestrian lane and be familiar in all warning signs found inside the warehouse.
Employed as Forklift Operator at Nestle Pasig Branch under the supervision of NLT (3rd Party Service Provider)–Period Covered: Nov 2001 to 2003
Ensures that serving of Finish Good, and other materials are delivered on time to Destination.
Ensures integrity of materials being issued to Destination.
Ensures that the assigned area follows Good Warehousing Practice (GWP).
Oversees safety and proper usage/maintenance of forklift.
Employed as Picker at Nestle Lucena City Branch under the supervision of NLT (3rd Party Service Provider) Period Covered: Aug 2001
Ensuring proper sequence of picking to comply with the prioritization of Accounts/orders.
Wearing of hard hat when entering the warehouse covered area.
Proper use of pedestrian lane and be familiar in all warning signs found inside the warehouse.
Wear ID and proper uniform while inside the warehouse.
Proper use of pedestrian lane and be familiar in all warning signs found inside the warehouse.

PERSONAL DATA:
Place of Birth: Minalabac Camarines Sur.
Date of Birth: March 09, 1981
Age: 38
Religion: Roman Catholic
Civil Status: Marriage.
Gender: Male
Height: 5’5’
Weight: 126 lbs.

EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND:
Eastern Quezon College Vocational
Gumaca, Quezon San Juan Batangas Branch
June 2000 Sept 1997
Education Auto Diesel Mechanics (ADM)

Gumaca National High School Gumaca Elementary School
Gumaca Quezon Gumaca Quezon
April 1997 March 1993

QUALIFICATION:
Can work under pressure, willing to work overtime and undergo trainings and can easily cope up with different Fields of works.
Honest, hardworking, resourceful, Determined, confident with good moral Character and dedicated person.
High Organized, people oriented and responsible.
With SAP knowledge
*RF Radio Frequency (Scanner).
* Microsoft Excel, Word, Power point, Outlook.
Can drive and operate forklift with Professional license (Restriction 123 & 8)
* TCM Diesel 2.6 to 18 tons
* Toyota Electric / Diesel
* Komatsu Electric
* Yale LPG
* Ten wheels truck, 8w, 6w, 4w, 2w.
Certified Komatsu Forklift Operator.
Certified YALE Forklift Operator.
Certified TESDA Forklift Operator.
SEMINARS ATTENDED:
Birds flue awareness at nestle Libis DC (June 10, 2005).
Firefighting and fire drill nestle Libis DC (April 09, 2003 & 2006)
GWP (Good Warehousing Practices) Libis DC (August 15, 2003)
SAP (From BPCS to SAP) Libis DC (February 20, 2003)
RF (Radio Frequency) Libis DC (February 20, 2003)
Komatsu forklift machines equipment Libis DC (April 04, 2005)
Yale forklift machines equipment CF Factory (July 06, 2007
Basic Supervisory (April 18-19, 2011)
Effective Presentation Skills (August 25-26, 2011)
Proper Handling of Products (June 11, 2011)
TESDA Certified as Forklift Operator (2011)
BOSH Training (April 10-13, 2018)

CHARACTER REFERENCES:

Ms. Melody Mallare
DC In-charge Fast Services Corp.
(North DC Branch)
Cel. No. +639*********
+639*********

Mr. Warren Montibon
Manager (Jollibee)
Cel. No. +639*********

Mr. Aron Christian Javier
AVP Fast Services Corp.
(Alabang City)
Cel. No. +639*********

I hereby affirm that the above statement is true and correct best on my consent, belief and Knowledge.

Jimmy L. Dubas

Applicant

Contact this candidate
