
Forklift Operator

Jonathan Barnes
adahv9@r.postjobfree.com
**** *. **** **, *** E
Plant City, FL 33563

Professional Summary
Reliable worker seeking a Forklift Operator position. In my 10 years of experience as Forklift, Tugger, and Lift Operator I have maintained efficiency and safety. I am detail oriented and have a good knowledge of industrial equipment. I have good time management skills. I possess great interpersonal and communication skills. I earned a Certificate of completion in Millwright Technology in 2008. I completed 1 year of co-op experience at St Marks Powder, a Division of General Dynamics. While I attended the Industrial Machinery Maintenance Technology Program I received the ‘Most Outstanding Post-secondary Student’ award 2 years in a row. I am ready to bring my accumulated skills to assist in a successful warehouse or manufacturing setting. My background includes over 10 years of factory experience with strong mechanical aptitude and a willingness to learn.

Skills
Fork lift operator
Tugger operator
Lift operator
Motorized pallet jack operator
Die cast operator
Bodine operator
Pushout operator
Crimper operator
Hand/power tools
Welding
Recycling process technician
Computer proficient
Strong mechanical amplitude
Production and warehouse experience
Promoted Safety by working in a safe manner

Work History

Rooms To Go - 1475 Airport Rd, Lakeland, FL 33811 April 2014 – July 18, 2019
Operator: Forklift, Tugger and Motorized Pallet Jack
Upload and Unload materials on platforms and lifting devices
Pulled product for pickup in an efficient manner to meet customer service standards
Maintained appropriate records and reports to guarantee product control and safety
Used computers and computer systems, including RF handheld scanners to enter data and process information for accurate records for inventory and location lookup
Recycling process technician
Operator: plastic bailer, cardboard and trash compactor
Distributions and operations, warehouse experience

Chemring Ordnace – 10625 E. Puckett Rd, Perry, FL 32348 January 2009 – March 2014
Die cast operator
Bodine operator
Pushout operator
Crimper operator
Pack-out material handler
Painting, Maintenance
Creating check lists
Ensured compliance with all relevant codes
Maintained strict safety protocol with military explosives production

St Marks Powder – 7121 Coastal Hwy, Crawfordville, FL 32327 Aug 2006 – February 2007
Co-op position 2 semesters September 2007- May 2008
Gun shop assistant
Mill machine – to drill gauges
Read blueprints drawings to obtain specific dimensions
Lathe operator – to turn the head space back in test barrels
Headspace gauges
Ohm meter to test action time of test barrels and firing heads
Trouble shooting
Checked specifications

Education
2008 Millwright Technology Certificate, Taylor Technical Institute, Perry, FL
2004 General Education Diploma
Skeels Christian School, Gladwin, Michigan

Contact this candidate
