
TAMIL ARASAN SUBRAMANI
Bodinayakanur, Theni,
Tamilnadu, India
adahp9@r.postjobfree.com,
Cell: +91-959*******,
ASPIRATION
To enhance the skills and knowledge gained over a period of time by accepting and achieving challenging goals within an organization
EDUCATION
2016 Bachelor of Engineering: Civil Engineering
Dhanalakshmi Srinivasan Institute of Technology, Anna University Board, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India.
2012 Higher Secondary: Computer Science
Scism Higher Secondary School, State Board, Bodinayakanur, Tamil Nadu, India 2010 SSLC
ZKM Higher Secondary School, State Board, Bodinayakanur, Tamil Nadu, India JOB ROLL & RESPONSIBILITIES
Company: PR&Co – Madurai
Designation: Construction Supervisor
Duration: 2016-2017
Responsibilities:
As a Construction Supervisor oversees the activities of construction taking place in work site.
Monitoring Centering & Shuttering workers for bridges and Retaining wall.
Monitoring the construction of Retaining wall, Bridges, Urban Roads.
Planning and organizing labors for their daily task and responsibilities.
Supervising contractors and labors while maintaining safe work culture. Company: Thriveni Sands – Chennai
Designation: Technical Sales Executive
Duration: 2017-2018
Responsibilities:
Contacting Clients, answering queries, providing technical advice regarding products and materials (M-sand’s).
Organizing sales visits and sales hubs.
Preparing Tenders, Proposal and Quotations.
Liaising with Existing clients.
Preparing Reports for sales activities.
Company: Stepstone Promoters Private Ltd – Chennai Designation: Site Engineer
Duration: 2018-2019 (April)
Responsibilities:
Monitoring overall site interiors construction works.
Preparing estimation for interiors and extra works to the clients, contractors and sub- contractors.
Meeting with clients, accepting orders, satisfying customer needs.
Checking technical designs and drawings to ensure that they are followed correctly.
Ensuring projects meet agreed specifications, budgets or timescales
Preparing site reports and filling in other paperwork.
Liaising with quantity surveyors and purchase department regarding material availability.
Supervising contractors and staff members while maintaining safe work culture.
Liaising with clients, subcontractors and other professional staff, especially quantity surveyors and the overall project manager.
Supervising contractors and Labor while maintaining safe work culture. NON-COLLEGIATE ACTIVITY
Attended a workshop based on “The Modern Concrete” at National Institute of Technology (NIT).

Contact this candidate
