
Objectives
Self-motivated, detail-oriented and competent medical laboratory technician with excellent clinical skills gained through years of hands-on experience within the leading health service providers.
Perform laboratory tests procedures aiding in diagnostic and ensuring maintenance of the laboratory equipment.
Experience
Laboratory Technician
July 2016 – September 2018 Abas Medical Complex (KSA)
Conducts and support scientific investigations and experiments. Planning, setting and undertaking controlled experiments and trials. Verify, record and report lab results on all performed tests.
Key Contributions:
Executed and analyzed tests in areas including chemistry, hematology,
urinalysis, serology and bacteriology to aid physicians in diagnosing and treating disease.
Worked under the supervision of senior technologists to perform and monitor quality control and comparison studies on specimens.
Took responsibility for the expeditious and accurate performance as well as reporting of the clinical tests.
Assisting to maintain equipment and accurate records and performing quality assurance activity associated with testing procedures.

June 2012- September 2015 Parañaque Ultrasound Diagnostic Center, Inc.
Collect and prepare specimens and perform laboratory procedures used in the diagnosis,
treatment and prevention of disease. Ensure compliance with government requirements and laboratory procedures, including maintaining the cleanliness of lab equipment, instruments and work area.
Key Contributions:
Ensured test-result validity before recording/reporting results.
Demonstrated the ability to communicate test results effectively with physicians as a member of interdisciplinary team focused on providing exemplary quality of care.
Evaluated quality control within laboratory using standard laboratory test
and measurement controls, and maintained compliance safety and
risk-management guidelines.
Clinical Training
April 2002 – October 2003 Dr. Jose Fabella Memorial Hospital
Key Contributions:
Operated and calibrated an assortment of laboratory/testing
equipment and performed various chemical, microscopic and
bacteriologic tests.
Performed stat and routine testing on a variety of specimens
quickly and accurately.

October 2003 – April 2004 Medical Center Manila
Key Contributions:
Assist hospital physicians in the diagnosis and treatment of illnesses,
Injuries and medical conditions by providing clinical testing and
Specimen analysis.
Stringently followed lab protocols, sanitation standards and testing
procedures.

Certification
Medical Laboratory Technician
Professional Regulation Commission - Philippines
Registration # 5008
Laboratory Technician
Saudi Commission for Health Specialties
Prometric - PASS

Education
2001 – 2004 Emilio Aguinaldo College
Bachelor of Science in Medical Technology

Skills
Proficient with Word processing software
Possess sound knowledge of laboratory testing procedures
Demonstrated customer service and public relation skills
Familiar with manual as well as automated testing procedures using various laboratory equipment
Profound ability to plan and schedule activities effectively
Capable of working in a team and possess excellent communication skills

Rowena F. Soriano, MLT
Blk 7 Lot 8 Bautista Property Sampaloc 4 Zone XI Dasmariñas City Cavite
091*-*******
adahv8@r.postjobfree.com

Contact this candidate
