
CURRICULAM VITAE
ASHOK B
B.E-ELECTRICAL AND ELECTRONICS ENGINEER
Email: adaht5@r.postjobfree.com
Tel: +965-********
SUBJECT: APPLICATION FOR THE POST OF “QC INSPECTOR (INSTRUMENT)” Objective
To pursue a challenging career that stimulates me to utilize my skill sets, knowledge & experience to the utmost level & make significant contributions & Profits to the organization. Organizational Experience
TOTAL EXPERIENCE: 4 YEARS
Project Handled
PROJECT - NRP
Client - SAIPEM/KNPC
Contractor - HEISCO
Tenure - Since MAY-2018– Till date
Position - QC Inspector (E&I)
PROJECT - THERMAL POWER PLANT
Client - NLC [Naively Lignite Corporation]
Contractor - Babu Engineering Corporation
Tenure - Since May-2015 - Apr-2018
Position - QC Inspector (E&I)
JOB DESCRIPTION
To supervise and manage Quality Control functions in the workplace.
Responsible for Preparation of RFI, Field modification instructions, Instrument loop drawings, Instrument loop folders, preparation of mark up drawings and as built drawings.
Responsible for the preparation and getting client approval for all field inspection activity.
To ensure the Technical Work Instructions in accordance with contract specifications and standards.
To monitor the project Quality activities for the implementation of the customer and company quality control system requirements and advise the In-charge in case of any violation.
To attended site surveys, Project coordination with the clients QC and system vendors and posses good written, communication and inter personal skills.
Inspection of Calibration of all filed instruments, cable tray/conduit Installation, field equipment’s, Instrument tubing, Loop testing and leak testing etc related to all instrument filed work activities.
To handle all pre commissioning, commissioning and starting-up new production facilities with coordination along Client/Vendor.
Ensure the complete activities are closed with respect to approved ITP and further to close in dossier as per client requirement.
Follow up and closeout of all site NCR in time and to maintain complete QC record such as log note, work status etc.
ROLE AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Review plans and drawing in accordance with specifications, codes and standards.
Conduct activities and Inspection in accordance to Project Quality Assurance Manual and Quality Control Inspection Plan.
Monitor daily discipline activities and verifies compliance to project Procedures, specifications and standards.
Identify quality problems, reject non-conforming items and initiate, recommend or provide solutions to the problems with customer sanction / approvals through designated channels.
Generate client Request for Inspection (RFI) where required providing sufficient notice for Hold, Witness and Inspection points.
Witnessing the calibration check of Instruments like Temperature Gauge, Pressure Gauge, Press Transmitter, Differential Pressure Transmitter, RTD and Thermocouple etc…
Testing of Electrical & Instrument Cable Drum Merggering & continuity prior.
Installation of Panel, Junction Box, tubing work activity and other field instruments.
Perform the Impulse tube leak test, Loop Checking and field Calibration of Instruments.
Preparation of Installing reports, Merggering continuity Test reports, Impules line leak test reports, Punch list etc…
Preparation of RFC (Request for Commissioning) Loop folder.
Has a good working Knowledge of permit to work system, Area classifications and safety factors.
Coordinating SAT (Site Acceptance Test) with Vendor. TECHNICAL SKILLS
EDUCATION
Latest Education Qualification B.E Electrical and Electronics Engineering (4 years).
Personal Details
Date of Birth : 30-Nov-1993
Residential Address : 2-746D, Gandhi Nargar 2,
o Kurumbanur, Mettupalayam – 641301.
Languages Known : English,, Tamil
Marital Status : Single
Nationality : Indian
Passport no : R1740945
Declaration
I hereby declare that all the information furnished above is true to best of my knowledge Place:
Date: B. Ashok
`
Field Instruments Emerson, Honeywell, Yokogawa, endress + hauser, khrone, azbil corp.
Tools & Utilities MS Office

Contact this candidate
