
Mohamed Ramsy Mohamed Sinan
Doha-Qatar
+974********
adah6x@r.postjobfree.com
Personal statement
A highly experienced and competent IT Technical Support with 7 years’ experience in a variety of office based environments. A level head and rational approach to problem solving leads to reliability and fast solutions to IT technical issues. Ability to explain procedures in a practical and user friendly way means that many IT problems can be solved via the telephone.
Core skills
Vast experience in IT problems and solutions
Highly independent and self-motivated.
Able to work under pressure without being over-stressed
Conversational Skills in Four languages (English, Sinhalese, Hindi and Tamil).
I have ability to learn quickly, having very good self-studying, and research and experimentation skills
Broad knowledge and experience of all IT operating systems Personal Profile
Full Name : Mohamed Ramzy Mohamed Sinan
Date of Birth : 1990-02-20
Nationality : Sri-Lankan
Sex : Male
Marital Status : Married
NIC No : 900511256 v
Passport No : N6876740
Last School Attend : Al-Azhar Central College – Thihariya
Languages : English, Tamil, Sinhala &Hindi
License status : Valid Qatar Driving License
Employment history
IT Technical Support – Al Bandary Group (Doha-Qatar)
(April 2013 – present)
Working in a busy and under pressure office environment, leading the technical support team of over 2000 employees
Responsibilities:-
Windows Active directory user and computer – New Creation and modification
Logging faults and managing response times
Communicating With Client And Supporting Over the Remotely.
Performing all infrastructure change management and acceptance
Taking weekly backup for data
Installing PABX devices and Configuring IP Phone (Yeastar,Grandstream)
Configure NAS Storage and Share with Users.
Installing windows Server 2012 and Configuring ADDC,DHCP Server, Hyper-V
Installing and fixing figure print machines
Configure and share network printers.
Installing, Monitoring CCTV cameras and Remote Configuration.
Installation, Termination, Support and Troubleshooting of level 1 network & structured cabling and patching
IT Support Assistant – Tools Lanka (PVT) LTD Srilanka.
(February 2011 – March 2013)
Responsibilities:-
Installing new systems for all employees
Providing training for all users
Repairing and upgrading hardware and ensuring all computers were fully operational
Creating and maintaining accurate database of all pending and resolved IT issues
Configuring and using outlook Mail -2003,2007,2010 Versions
Troubleshooting on Android Operating system
Troubleshooting All kind Of Smart Phones
Ms Windows XP and MS windows 2008 Server and MS2003 Server
Data Entry Operator in Tally Accounting Package
Computer Operator and hardware Technician – Almas Trading Srilanka.
(January 2010 – December 2010)
Responsibilities:-
Identify the PC errors and reporting the error to management.
Taking solution for the same between 30 to 60min.
Debug the defective PC.
Taking weekly backup for data.
Maintaining simple LAN Networks.
Working With MS Office Pages.
Installing and Designing Os Software’s
Professional Education
Successfully completed Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) Training at Winsys networks (01.09.2011)
Successfully completed Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist (MCTS) Training at Winsys networks (05.06.2011)
Course Contents
o Windows 7, Configuring
o Install, Migrate/ Upgrade to Win7
o Configure & deploying System Image
o Managing devices
o Network Setting
o Windows Firewall& Remote management
o Bit Locker and Mobility option
Successfully Completed Microsoft Certified Systems Administrator ( MCSA) Training at Winsys networks (19.07.2010)
Course Contents
70-291: Implementing, Managing, and Maintaining a Microsoft Windows Server 2003 Network Infrastructure
70-284: Installing, Configuring, and Administering Microsoft Exchange 2003 Server
Successfully completed Microsoft certified professional (MCP) Training at Winsys networks (18.06.2010)
Course Contents
70-270 : Installing, Configuring, and Administering Microsoft Windows XP Professional
70-290: Managing and Maintaining a Microsoft Windows Server 2003 Environment
Diploma in Computer Hardware Engineering
Technological Exposure 7 Key IT Skills
Linux Operating Systems.
Network Essentials &Protocols.
MS SQL 2000 Database Management Systems.
Web content development.
HTML, CSS, JavaScript
Configuring and using Email –Outlook 2003,2007 and 2010 versions
• Hands on experience with Internet Browsers –Mozilla, Chrome, and Internet explore
• Installing and configuring virus guard – Kaspersky, Norton, MacAfee School Education
G.C.E Ordinary Level Qualified (2006)
G.C.E Advance Level Qualified (2009)
Extra-Curricular Activities
Sport Coordinator of Gola X Sport Club
School Cricket Team Member
School Football Team Member
I had been a Prefect of School Prefect Board.
Leader of School Athletics Association.
Member of School Band Group
References
Mr.Mohamed Sadiq,
Sr.System Administrator
Al Bandary Group
Doha-Qatar.
Mobile +974********
Declaration
I hereby certify that the above mentioned particular are true and correct to the best of my knowledge.
Your Sincerely

Mohamed Sinan.
Mr. Firoz
Network Engineer
Al Bandary Group
Doha-Qatar.
Mobile :- +974********
Mobile +947********

Contact this candidate
