
ANTONY PRINSTON KUMAR
Contacts: +917********* (WhatsApp), +965-********.
E-mail: adahs4@r.postjobfree.com
SYNOPSIS:
Over 13 years of industrial experience coupled with strong theoretical and analytical knowledge, in the capacity of Sr. Electrical engineer covering MV & LV power systems
Installation, Testing and Commissioning of heavy electrical equipment and their MV & LV panels.
Preparation of technical documents, technical evaluation of Equipment & Instruments, decision making in selection and finalization of electrical materials.
Coordination for FAT and SAT activities.
Exposed to manufacturing unit such as Oil & Gas, Power Plant Cement and Lime Plant, Site management, Electrical & Instrumentation Erection Commissioning and Engineering.
Participated in complete project management cycle from design engineering through final implementation.
Prepared Monthly, Annually Maintenance report, Root cause analysis report, Annual budget report and Material inventory report.

Personal Information:
Date of Birth -31/07/1983
Nationality -Indian.
Kuwait Society of Engineers (KSE) – Membership No: 44569
Driving License in Kuwait - Date of Expiry 31/07/2020.
Technical Qualification -B.E (Electrical and Electronics Engineering). Anna University
Passport Details - H2954817 (Expiry- 25/10/2028).

Professional experience in National and International Companies
GULF NATIONS FOR CONSTRUCTION MATERIAL COMPANY -IN charge of Electrical Maintenance Department Dec-18 to till date
MAK ALT Corporation- Mongolia as Electrical and Instrumentation EngineerJuly’17 – Nov’18
IMCO Engineers and construction Pvt. Ltd., Qatar as Testing and Commissioning EngineerJan’16-Sep’16
Empro Plant Supervision, Bangalore as Assistant Manager Jan’13- Dec’15
FLSmidth Pvt. Ltd., Chennai as Senior Lead Engineer, Mar’10-Dec’12
Voltech Engineers Pvt. Ltd. Chennai as Senior Testing and Commissioning Engineer Sept’05-Feb’10.
Profile Summary
Performed professional engineering works in planning, erection, modifying system, operation and maintenance of electrical distribution system.
Oversee the development of standard and performed engineering analysis to the distribution network and substations. Established design guidelines and assisted customers with resolving power quality issues.
Performed relay and fuse coordination studies and established relay setting standard. Well-versed in the erection of equipment in electrical substations, power sector especially in erection of equipment in Switchyard (CT, PT, CVT, Circuit breaker), switch gear and Power Transformer
Preparation and review of engineering drawings like equipment layout, earthing layout, cable tray layout, power & control cable route layout etc. Overlooking the maintenance & installation of cable trays, cable laying, conduit fixing, lighting fixture, junction boxes and lighting panels etc.
Key Skills:
Testing and Commissioning of Heavy Electrical field equipment and MV, LV panels
Electrical relay settings and relay coordination, MV panel (up to 33KV), PCC, MCC, ABB MNS panel UMC 100.3
Variable Frequency Drives (ABB, ACS 800 & 850). Variable Frequency drives (Siemens G120 series)
Soft Starters (Siemens, L&T), AutoCAD 2013.

Professional Experience
GULF NATION FOR CONSTRUCTION MATERIAL COMPANY-KUWAIT
Project: 2x150 TPH Ball Mill grinding unit
Working as Head of Electrical Maintenance department.
Commissioned 2850 KW twin motor, 11 KV & 6.6KV MV panel, LV PCC & MCC panel, APFC panel. Leading & monitoring the performance of team members to ensure efficiency in operations and reaching individual & group targets. Report preparation – Daily, Monthly, Quarterly and Annually.
Studying and understanding the RFQ, Preparing Spare list, Bill of Materials (BOM) and Vendor manuals.
Preparation of Material Request (MR), Purchase Request (PR), Vendor coordination, Root cause analysis, Equipment history, Annual budget, Monthly warehouse inventory. Working and maintaining Roto-Packer and Auto truck loader.
MAK Alt corporation- Mongolia – From july’17 to Dec’18.
Project: KHUKH TSAV 3000 TPD Cement & lime plant-300TPD
Manage and coordinate all aspects of service activities in conjunction with the team.
Supervising operation and recording status of Electrical equipment. Managing commissioning activities that include start-up, performance testing and hand over of the facilities.
Handling the testing and commissioning of switchgear, transformer, and substations.
Ensuring the inspection program (Knowledge of equipment condition) is being executed.
IMCO Engineers and construction Pvt. Ltd., Qatar -From Jan’16-Sep’16
Project: MV SCADA upgradation -Qatar Petroleum.
Preparing/Verifying HT and LT schematic drawing as per customer/site requirements
Verifying Contractor Method of work statement, Making Relay logic scheme and concepts for ATS scheme and Normal scheme.
Preparing As-Built drawing and Red-Line Mark-up drawing, Verifying SAT (Site acceptance Report) and coordinating with Vendor.
Preparing Monthly report and Bar-Chart for all erection and commissioning activities.
Conducted FAT (Factory Acceptance Test) for Cable, transformer. Maintain required tools, Field Quality Reports, MOM and commissioning protocols.
Empro Plant Supervision, Bangalore- From Jan’13- Dec’15
Skill Used:
Preparation and reviewing of Single Line Diagram, Preparation and reviewing of Power and control schematics.
Preparation of Transformer sizing calculation. Preparation and reviewing of HT/LT/cable sizing calculation.
Reviewing of Substation layout. Reviewing of Cable tray routing layout. Reviewing of Earthing & lightning calculations & layout. Reviewing of Cable schedules & drum schedule. Co-ordination with site team for successful commissioning of a plant.
Projects Handled:
Customer: Orient Cement/ABB Pvt. Ltd.
Project: 6000TPD Orient Cement Project. Complete Electrical and Instrumentation detail engineering.
Customer: Heidelberg Cement Pvt. Ltd/ ABB Pvt. Ltd.
Project: 1x15MW WHR Project. Complete Electrical detail engineering.
LOESHME LM.56.3+3 Raw mill and Clinker Mill, LCP panel, Field Instruments Installation and Commissioning was executed at Silifke, Turkey.
FLSmidth Pvt. Ltd., Chennai- From Mar’10-Dec’13
Skill Used:
Responsible for the erection, testing & commissioning of:
Generator protection, transformer protection, transformer differential protection & REF protection, bus bar protection, motor protection, and synchronizing scheme.
CT, PT, CVT, Circuit breaker, switch gear and power transformer. 415V to 220KV indoor / outdoor substation and substation equipment’s.
Power transformers of capacity up to 315 MVA & station/ distribution transformers. Conveyor Motors and Safety Instruments (Pull cord, Belt sway switch, Zero speed switches). Belt Weigher calibration and Weigh feeder drop test conducting
field instruments like temperature transmitters, flow switches, pressure switches and transmitters, actuators, solenoid valves, damper actuators, metal detector, dividing gate, LVDT
HT motors and LT motors testing and commissioning. Power transformer and Distribution transformer erection, Testing and commissioning.
HT panels (ABB, Siemens) LT Panels (PCC, PMCC, MCC and APFC Different make) erection, Equipment Testing (CT, PT, Breaker Relay) scheme checking. Bus bar testing, Earthing.
Testing of ABB Relays, REF 615, REF 542+, (Feeder Protection and Transformer Protection)
Projects Handled:
6000 TPD Heidelberg cement India Ltd.-Narsingarh, - 132/11KV, 132/6.6KV, 6.6/0.415V switchgear substation and control & protection scheme checking and protective relays for Heidelberg cement India Ltd.-Narsingarh.
132/11KV, 132/6.6KV, 6.6/0.415V switchgear substation and control & protection scheme checking and its protective relays for Heidelberg cement India Ltd-Imlai –Damoh.
Voltech Engineers Pvt. Ltd. Chennai- From Sept’05-Feb’10.
Skill Used:
Generator protection, transformer protection, transformer differential protection & REF protection, bus bar protection, motor protection, and synchronizing scheme.
CT, PT, CVT, Circuit breaker, switch gear and power transformer. 415V to 220KV indoor / outdoor substation and substation equipment’s. Power transformers of capacity up to 315 MVA & station/ distribution transformers.
ABB VFD Panel ACS800 and 850 drives checking and commissioning.11kV switchgear functional check and equipment testing of static protection relays of various types of leading makes. Preparation of cable schedule and termination schedules.

Projects Handled:
220/11KV, 11/0.415KV Switchgear Substation and control & protection scheme checking and its protective relays for Ultra Tech Cement Limited, Tadipatri- Andhra Pradesh.
132/11KV, 132/6.6KV, 6.6/0.415V switchgear substation and control & protection scheme checking and its protective relays for Aditya Birla cement–Chittorgarh.
11 KV / 0.415 V Switchgear Substation and overall scheme checking for M/s. Vizag steel plant (Township) Visakhapatnam
220/11KV, 11/0.415KV switchgear substation and control & protection scheme checking and its protective relays for Prism Cement-Satna Mathya Pradesh.

Academic:
Bachelor of Engineering (Electrical & Electronics Engineering) -First Class 2001-2005
from Govt. Engineering College affiliated to Anna University.

DECLARATION

I hereby declare that the details furnished in this resume are true to the best of my knowledge.

Place: Yours Truly,

Date: V.ANTONY PRINSTON KUMAR.

Contact this candidate
