
Brian D. Dockery
**** ******** *****
Sevierville, TN 37876
Phone: 865-***-****
E-mail: adahhq@r.postjobfree.com
Objectives
To become a part of a team atmosphere of employee’s who take an active part in the success of a company and who enjoy the challenges that are set forth in a business aspect. To succeed in a family oriented, honest and fair business as far as I can go with them. Be able to trust the ones I work for and with. Always looking to better myself and looking for more challenges. Looking to have a better work/life balance. Education
(Jefferson County High School
Dandridge, TN 37725) Graduated.
1982-1986
Experience
(Sept 2005- Present)
Conagra Foods (Newport, TN 37821)
Supervisor over 20-40 employees in the Packaging/Tomatoes/Van Camps/Lucks/Can department (over different times of my employment).
Foundation of Leadership Training, Minneapolis, Minn. USDA Clean In Process Services, CPS, Continuous Skills Development team. Kaizen programs. 5s leader in packaging. Safety team lead, trainer in many areas of safety. Manpower scheduling. Training in Union Labor contract. Hazardous chemical training. SQF training. Quality holds, consumer complaint team. Approval of time for employees in the Kronos system. Part of R&D programs. Work with vendors on rejects and send backs. Environmental Awareness Training. Employee engagement training. Sexual Harassment: Recognizing and Preventing. Workplace Harassment: Recognizing and Preventing behavior for employees. Avoiding conflicts of interest training. Foundations of Leadership Training, included: 1. Working with peer coaches, 2. Culture of continuous improvement, 3. Better meetings, 4. Communication. Hazard Recognition Training. Fire Prevention Training. First Aid: React and Respond. SAP Training/utilization. Cost Savings Project Management Training.
I was the first to start our 5S plan of action by using my department as the pilot. Along with my lead man, we presented what we had, organizing and the tools we needed, and what our plans were for the department. We executed the plan and it was sent to other plants to look at. There were changes, but we were able to start the ball rolling and gave others the opportunity to get better and make us better.
I am one of the first executioners of our CSD (continuous skills development) team. Helping to develop a more relaxed, efficient way of training our new hires, the employees already here, and helping to train the trainers which will become our subject matter experts. Skills/Traits
USDA inspection process
FDA process
USDA CIP experience. (clean in process)
I am very people friendly as supervisor, treat all with respect and fairness.
Computer literate.
Several areas of training in management.
Contract negotiation.
Mechanically inclined.
Honest.
Experienced in manufacturing and the challenges of work forces in the business.
Coaching employee experiences.
Safety trainer.
Understanding of loss.
Able to lead without exception, no buddy system, all treated the same but also as individual’s for moral purposes.
Very outspoken and able to lead in conversations and meetings.
Strong analytical experience.
Accountable for my actions, able to take criticism positively.
Several years’ experience and several references for ability to manage.
Pride myself on being able to make decisions on my own and learning from the ones incorrect.
Training
Standard Operating Procedures for food Processing
SAP Inventory system
Hazard Communication
Safety Awareness
Foundations of Leadership
Milliken way of performance system
Continuous Improvement Process
Continuous Skills Development
Behavior Safety Observation
Kronos (BPCS) payroll
Several areas of safety training
LED’s time reporting
Informance production reports
Sanitation processes
Review & Response team leading
Label Vision System
Markem & Ink Jet Printers
Dud (low vacuum) detection system
Safety Team Leading
Inventory Reduction
Partial Seam (double seam) Testing Training, inspections
Safe Quality Foods Training
Supervision in 4 departments, Ketchup, Tomatoes, Labeling, Beans
Cost Savings Project Management
More effective meetings
Lockout/Tag out
Train the trainer
(June 2002- Sept. 2005)
Bush Brothers & Company (Dandridge, TN)
Packaging department, running label machine, britestacker, general maintenance (changing motors/gear boxes), changing conveyor belts, food processing, SQF training and practices. Better processing school and thermal operations. Low acid food preparations. Canning and label experience. Utility operator, scheduled runs for production, break operators, schedule manpower on occasions. Left to pursue challenges at other food production plant.
Worked to help solve issues with labels. Went to manufacturer of labels with a group from out plant and watched the process to see what was actually done in making them. I, along with another, found that we had been using labels with too much moisture, we found how to test them to help us keep in storage, de- hydrating, until proper time to use.
(March 2000-June 2002)
Stetson & Associates Cabin Rentals
Carpenter at start/ Lead carpenter after 3 months with own crew. Oversee the overall construction of log homes for sale/rental for the company. With the exception of the footers and block laying I over saw the construction from the ground floor all the way to trim. Company having a hard time with costs, left to pursue other opportunities.
(March 30th
, 1991 – March 5th
, 1999)
TRW Fuji Valve (Sevierville, Tn)
400 ton forging press operator.
Valve inspector.
Supervisor for 4 years.
Training in lean manufacturing, hazardous chemicals, safety, JIT program, Kaizen programs, Management training with Bob Waters. Opportunity with construction, I have always liked working with wood and building, left to pursue the venture. The company fell on hard time (see below) and went back to manufacturing.
While at TRW I helped to cut costs on material by being involved in the sampling of other metals and doing some dry forging. I was the lead in our first Kaizen team, helping to develop our lean manufacturing structure and doing our own brand of 5S. Personal Information:
Very independent, outgoing and I speak out on what is right. I enjoy challenges of life and work. I am an avid Tennessee Vol fan (VFL). I have several areas of training (just ask). I love family time and cannot get enough of it. I have a 29-year-old son and 2 granddaughters. I enjoy outdoor activities. I have been certified in nutrition and weight training but do not get to use it often enough. I have spent most of my working career in manufacturing of all sorts and put about 4 years in the construction field as a Lead in building log cabins from the ground up.

Contact this candidate
