
Shajahan Vadakkayil
Civil QA/QC Engineer
Five years of extensive experience in construction field in India & Qatar as a Site Engineer & QA/QC Inspector.
Duties associated with my position include:
Supervision of all actual activities at site.
Scheduling of manpower, material, equipment & activities for actual daily needs on construction sites.
Execution of project with Quality Assurance and Commitments. Assist the QA/QC Manager in overall quality control of the site, provide advises and suggestion to improve quality control at construction site. And assist project manager to achieve the target with respect to quality issues. Overall supervision on all sites activities to ensure that work is completed in accordance with the contract specifications, agreed procedure, method statements as per QCS, standards and client satisfaction. QA/QC Inspector at Italiana costruzioni-como ICC-JV, Doha July 2017 – February 2019
My roles and responsibilities were as follows:
Coordinate with consultants and contractors in the assigned area to ensure compliance with Budget, Quality, Schedule and HSE requirements. To coordinate with the construction team by giving proactive notes for their activities to ensure eﬀicient and eﬀective execution of working activities. Develop and maintain criteria for the traceability of inspections points to ensure that all the points are properly inspected and verified. Conduct material receiving inspection of materials and to ensure safe handling and storage of materials.
Responsible to conduct routine inspection of construction activities in accordance with applicable approved designs.
Responsible for all QC documentations, test reports, material certificates and non-conformance reports, red line drawings etc. Issuance of NCR upon detection of non-conformity & to detect and eliminate root cause to prevent future occurrence of non-conformance. Initiate internal logbook entries a er conducting surveillance inspections and to coordinate with key personnel to rectify the non-conformity. Review and ensure that all construction activities shall comply with the approved and latest version of the Issued for Construction drawings for civil and architectural activities.
Overall supervision on all sites activities to ensure that work is completed in accordance with the contract specifications, agreed procedure, method statements as per QCS, standards and client satisfaction. Profile
Employment History
Details
Doha, Qatar, +974-********
adahxh@r.postjobfree.com
Date / Place of birth
15-09-1991
Kerala, India
Nationality
Indian
Links
Linked In Account
Skills
Building design so ware
(AutoCAD 2D, REVIT)
Knowledge of MS Oﬀice
C++ programming language
Languages
English
Hindi
Malayalam
Arabic
Civil QA/QC Inspector at Samsung C&T, Doha
July 2016 – June 2017
My roles and responsibilities were as follows:
Preparing RFI (Request For Inspection) for all civil activities like Excavation, Backfilling, FDT (Field Density Test), Lean concrete, Reinforce concrete, Curing, Moisture test, Surface preparation, Concrete coating, DFT(Dry Film Thickness) .
Surveillance inspection of all civil ongoing activities at project site. Coordinating with construction engineers and PMT (Project Management Team) & Project Inspection Department (PID) for inspection of each activity for client approval.
Witnessing of the testing of compressive strength of concrete at the 3rd party laboratory.
Witnessing of Field testing like Compaction test FDT (Field Density Test) and Dry film thickness (DFT).
Coordinate with Consultant regarding the site activities as per approved design.
Inspection of concrete finishing and building finishing according to approved design and specification.
Inspection of all formwork and Reinforcement steel work as per approved design.
Liaise with the contractor’s field staﬀ and Third party laboratory to ensure that all required testing has been performed as per approved design. Deep ability to read and interpret building plans, specifications and building codes; make mathematical computations rapidly and accurately. Great ability to communicate clearly and concisely, both orally and in writing.
Demonstrated ability to inspect various types of residential, commercial and industrial building.
Inspection of utility diversions, earthworks, waterproofing for all the structures.
Reporting the all related activities to QA/QC manger. Reviewing all quality related activities & preparing all quality related reports on site.
Preparing Weekly report of project related to project Quality Management. Issuing the NCR (Non Conformance Report) for any nonconformance. Reviewing third laboratory inspection.
Conducting material inspections for all CIVIL items delivered at the site. Documentation of all RFI’s (Request for Inspection) a er signed by the consultant.
witnessing and sentencing of all site inspections within their disciplines Coordinate all site inspections with the site subcontractors Ensure that all inspection reports are accurate and that all attached documents are current status
Ensure all work is correctly prepared prior to any inspection being undertaken
Review all inspection reports for compliance
Attend the weekly QC meetings
Civil Site Engineer at KT Associates, Kerala, India June 2015 – May 2016
My roles and responsibilities were as follows:
Handling QA/QC for the project on behalf of the client. Preparation of PROJECT PROGRAMMES.
Co-ordination with Sub contractors and consultant in day to day site aﬀairs and submission of all reports.
Estimation of quantities of concrete and steel.
Checking of columns, beam and slabs dimensions & reinforcement Tracking the activities as per schedule.
Handling RCC work, mixing of concrete,checking its quality & testing it. Preparation of D.P.R (Daily Progress Report) and D.L.R (Daily Labor Report). Junior Project Engineer at KRSWA Project, Kerala, India April 2014 – April 2015
My roles and responsibilities were as follows:
Survey of sites for various projects.
Preparation of detailed estimates and detailed scheme reports. Site inspection, recording measurements and preparation of bills and quotations.
Co-ordination of works- implementation, execution and commissioning. Conducting community level and Panchayath level meetings for implementing various projects.
Providing technical assistance during auditing.
Preparing required drawings using AutoCAD.
B.Tech Civil Engineering, Institute of Engineers, India July 2010 – October 2015
Higher Secondary Education (HSE), MHSS Vadakara, India June 2007 – April 2009
Secondary School Leaving Certificate (SSLC), MHSS Vadakara, India June 2007 – April 2008
Transferable work visa
January 2019 – January 2020
Qatar
Education
Visa Status

Contact this candidate
