
JOHN R. DOMINICS
**-** ******* ******
Maspeth, NY 11378
Tel: 347-***-**** Email: adah4b@r.postjobfree.com
OBJECTIVE
Looking for a Position in Trade Support/Application Support in a company that provides an open environment with many opportunities for continuous growth.

SKILLS
Operating Systems: Windows 7/10 Windows Server, UNIX AIX,
Software: Office 2010/2016, Outlook 2010/2016, Active Directory, CITRIX, JAVA, RSA, Putty.+
Platforms Used: Windows Server, Unix-Aix, VMware
Hardware: Complete PC builds, Software/hardware installs and Network cabling
Administration: Server/Workstation/Laptops
Market Data: Bloomberg, Broker TEC-Sync, Market Axxess, Yieldbook, Reuters, BGC Trader, HAVER, APEX, Blackrock Anser, ICAP, Garban, ETC, Tullet,, Credit Match,, BONDS PRO,, Espeed, Instinet, Autex, ION,, INTEX-CALC, Dealerweb, Tradeweb, GFI, FXALL THEICE,,NY Fix connectivity amongst many more

WORK EXPERIENCE
Nomura Securities International Inc. 07/09 - Present
Trade Floor Support / Application Support
Responsible for supporting a 450+ user Fixed Income + Equities Trading Floor that including Rates, Mortgages, Research, FX, Structured Products, Credit, Proprietary Trading and Operations
Primary Support contact for FI Trading floor
Provide support for a vast number of third party FI trading applications Market Axxess,
Tradeweb, and Broker Tec.
Provided support for market data applications such as Bloomberg
Assisted in QA testing of the new software prior to being released in Production.
Provide Application Support for all Fixed Income Traders
including market data issues, Tibco issues for in-house feeds, and in-house Excel add-in
issues.
Fed Line Support Including quarterly Fed Line test and annual SIFMA tests.
Work with database groups, server groups and developers to resolve application issues.
Internal software Account Creation and Trade mappings for market data applications/accounts
Respond to Traders request on issues with live application trading systems/connectivity issues.
Worked on Windows 10 Migration
Product knowledge of Equity and Deriv side of floor, including Risk and Trade

CBS Television Distribution 06/07 – 07/09
Systems Administrator
Provide support for the Linux-based Avid I-News and AVID Newscutter XP and the Avid Unity digital video editing system for a nationally syndicated news magazine.
Responsible for all aspects of server maintenance such as upgrades, backups, database cleanup.
Responsible for the acquisition, conversion and ingest of externally acquired audio and video.
Responsible for the maintenance of all newsroom, control room, editing and graphics client machines.
Function as sole help-desk contact for a 120+ user environment, fielding all hardware and software related issues, and training new users.
Setup install and configure Windows XP/Windows Server 2003/Outlook 2003.
Manage phone switch and AVAYA voicemail system.

The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (DTCC) 06/03 – 06/07
PC Technical Analyst
Provide accurate, timely solutions to end-user computer and network problems to ensure continuous end user productivity.
Responsible for the daily operations of the PC/Workstation based LAN system software, hardware and peripheral.
Perform general problem solving and assistance on software applications using basic troubleshooting and technical skills.

JOHN R. DOMINICS PAGE 2

Prudential Securities 12/96 - 11/02
PC Technician Trading Floor/
Identify and troubleshoot problems relating to hardware, software, and LAN/WAN connectivity problems for 600 Traders and Analysts.
Dedicated support for Fixed Income Division, Municipal, Corporates, Government Bonds and Sales.
Act as liaison between Managing Directors, Vice Presidents, Upper Management, Traders, System Engineers and Vendors.
Responsible for the testing of Windows 2000 environment and managing software rollouts/OS upgrades.
Support and upgrade workstations and upgrade market data applications including Bloomberg, Reuters, ILX, Instinet and Autex.
Configured and installed NT 4.0 workstations to run off Novell and NT LAN, Perform basic Windows 2000/NT UNIX/AIX (CITRIX) administration.
Manage group projects including new software rollouts and OS upgrades.
Accomplishments
Built ghost images of Dell GX1/GX110 workstations using ghost software for efficient installations
Help Desk Technician – Team Leader
Handled day-to-day operations of technical support center comprised of 8 agents supporting a multi-platform, multi-location infrastructure.
Determined the call’s severity/priority and ensured that problems/requests were escalated to be resolved within the pre-established timeframes (Service Levels).
Represented the customer to the support team and management relaying product and program feedback.
Generated daily, weekly and monthly analyses of quantitative and qualitative data obtained from CCMIS and REMEDY to achieve team effectiveness and accomplishment of shared goals.
Accomplishments
Administered programs to establish call center metrics by reducing abandon rates, diminishing average speeds to answer, and reducing call queues to adhere to corporate business needs.

Paine Webber (Consulting) & Lehman Brothers (Consulting) 05/94 – 12/96
MIS – PC Help & Desk Sr. Global Systems PC Help Desk
Provided prompt, courteous telephone support to customers on a variety of software applications and platforms as well as hardware products.
Troubleshoot IBM RISC 6000 server problems by utilizing all necessary resources within the company to proactively resolve issues.
Worked closely with vendors and internal groups to support and upgrade market data applications.
Recorded the customer’s call information in a call tracking software application such as APRIORI.
Provide technical support to resolve common user logon, hardware software application and printing problems using Windows NT, NW-admin, P-console and SMS.
Served as a technical support advocate interacting with external vendors to resolve hardware outages.
Assisted users on Windows 3.1 and NT 3.5.1 Workstation including map network drives.

EDUCATION
LaGuardia College – AAS – Data Processing/Operations

Contact this candidate
