
PERSONAL DETAILS
Nationality: Pakistani
Date of birth: 28th August 1992
Religion: Islam
Marital Status: Engaged
Passport Number: TG1333311 (valid until 2022)
Languages: English, Urdu & Pashto

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION:
B.Sc. Electronics Engineering – (Feb 2012 – July 2016)
Engineering University of Lahore Islamabad, Pakistan

TRAINING & COURSES
Emerging Technology & research.
Microcircuit installation.
Solar System Installation
Basic HS&E Courses

COMPUTER SKILLS
Microsoft Office, Internet/Email & Documentation System
OBJECTIVES:
To establish myself as a dynamic professional, equipped with latest tools, techniques and knowledge that will facilitate me to handle emerging technologies. In particular I want to work in learning and a demanding environment that will offer me an opportunity to exploit my current skills and to develop new ones.

EXPERIENCE DETAILS
More than 2-year experience in the field of electrical work including installation, inspection and other electrical work execution.
Familiar with ISO 9001 QMS procedures, safety and other construction requirements

Electrical network installation
Installation of Network cables
Installation of cables Trays and indoor/outdoor conduits
Street lighting installation and terminations
Road Crossing/ducts banks installation
Installation of pneumatics and impulse lines
Junction box, Panels and control cabinets
Mandrel testing for conduits/ducts

RESPONSIBILITIES
Drawings and method statement review
Material approval and inspection (including factory inspection)
Daily inspection request and surveillance (record & reporting)
Co-ordination with stakeholders & authorities
Safety implementation, auditing & reporting

OTHER RESPONSIBILITIES
Managed project maintenance and operation services
Co-ordination and meetings with customer to obtain their satisfaction.
Provides strong technical support to field engineers for services improvement.
Documentation and Correspondences.
Sites Audit for PM [Preventive maintenance] and CM [Corrective maintenance] to control the quality and give a better response to customers.
Operation & maintenance for power resources, power rectifier & cutover activities on hub

EMPLOYMENT DETAILS
DECON – Dayyan Engineering & Construction Company Pvt Ltd Pakistan – Sep 2018 - Present
Position: Electrical Engineer
Project: Gulf Villas & Roads Infrastructure

Solar Solution Company, Pakistan – March 2017 – August 2018
Position: Trainee Engineer
Project: 5 kV Solar System installation

PTCL – Pakistan Telecom Company ltd - July 2016 – Jan 2017
Position: TE – Trainee Engineer
Project: Extension & Maintenance work.

Contact this candidate
