
SUHAILUDDIN MANIYAR
Contact No. +966********* ~ E-Mail: adahwy@r.postjobfree.com/ s.suhaildvg @yahoo.com Seeking senior level assignments in Quality Control Inspector/ Construction Management with an organization of high repute PROFILE SUMMARY
A result oriented professional with nearly 14+ years of experience in Site and Construction Management, Project Management, Quality Management and Team Management
Adept in completing projects with competent cross-functional skills and ensuring on time deliverables within pre-set cost parameters with exposure in supervision and quality control on constructions
Deft in spearheading activities involving working out various requirements and monitoring overall project operations for ensuring timely completion while handling production station
Proficient with present construction methodologies, systems in compliance with safety, quality, quantity and cost control standards
A proactive planner with a flair for adopting emerging trends and addressing industry requirements to achieve organizational objectives and profitability norms
Effective communicator and negotiator with strong analytical, problem solving and organizational abilities WORK EXPERIENCE
April 2015 till date with ARKAD E & C Co, Saudi Arabia Quality Control Inspector
February 2012 to March 2015 with Mohammad Al-Mojil Group, Saudi Arabia Quality Control Inspector
May 2008 to February 2011 with Douglas OHI LLC (Interserve Group of Companies U.K), Oman Engineer
November 2007 to March 2008 with Sobha Developers P. LTD, Bangalore, India Site Supervisor
July 2006 to November 2007 with Cicon Engineers P. LTD, Bangalore, India Site Engineer
July 2005 to June 2006 with Geo-Engineering LTD, Bangalore, India Site Engineer
Key Result Areas:
Created an efficient and good quality oriented working environment after reviewing procedures, communicating till the last performer and streamlining system functions.
Coordinating Quality systems in-between client and contractor.
Monitoring site visits to confirm that work practices match stipulated requirements.
Studying system and work practices and addressing problem areas to improve methods. Highlights:
Diploma in Civil Engineering.
Gulf experience 9+ years.
Experience of 13+ years in construction field.
Approved by Saudi Aramco as Quality Control Engineer for Civil and structural Steel works in building work, Infrastructures
& oil, gas field. Approved No. SAP No. 70015058
Saudi Aramco – approved as QC- CIVIL Inspector. Ref No.-IUD/SP6/T-596/2012.
Saudi Aramco – approved as QC- CIVIL Inspector. Ref No.-MPD/COGEN/T-1719/2012
Familiarization of project SATIP & Supporting SATIC & SATR and SAMSS of Saudi Aramco standards & specifications
Familiar with ASTM, ACI Codes, PIP Standers & Worked as an Architectural QC in Saudi Aramco project TRAININGS ATTENDED
Civil Inspector Training (MMG)
Quality Awareness Training (MMG)
Hydrogen Sulphide Awareness and Escape (Escape Hood) & Job Hazard Analysis ACADEMIC DETAILS
2005 Diploma in Civil Engineering from D.R.R. Govt. Polytechnic, DAVANGERE, KARNATAKA, INDIA IT SKILLS
Operating System (Worked On): Windows 95/ 98/ 2000/ XP/ 7
Tools: AutoCAD, Microsoft Office
PERSONAL DETAILS
Father’s Name : Mr. Shamsuddin Maniyar
Address : Door No.3127/50 II cross
Millath Colony Basha Nagar,
Opposite Ring Road. Davangere 577001
Karnataka-India
Date of Birth : 26th January 1983
Marital Status : Married
Nationality : Indian
Languages Known : English, Hindi, Urdu, Arabic and Kannada. Passport No. : MO160256
Date of Issue : 12-08-2014
Place of Issue : RIYADH
Date of Expiry : 11-08-2024
Driving License No. : License for Light Motor Vehicle. (SN 040***********) SAUDI ARABI
AVAILABILITY : Transferrable IQAMA Available
REFER TO ANNEXURE FOR PROJECTS EXECUTED
ANNEXURE
Arkad Engineering and Construction Co., Saudi Arabia Project Title: MASTER GAS SYSTEM PHASE-II PACKAGE-III Role: QC Civil Inspector
Period: September 2013 to March 2015
Client: Saudi Aramco
Arkad Engineering and Construction Co., Saudi Arabia Project Title: ON-SHORE MAINTAIN POTENTIAL PROGRAMM (OMPP) Role: QC Civil Inspector
Period: September 2013 to March 2015
Client: Saudi Aramco
At Mohammad Al-Mojil Group, Saudi Arabia
Project Title: WASIT GAS PROGRAM, INLET & GAS PROCEESSING FACILITIES PROJECT Role: Quality Control Inspector
Period: January 2013 to March 2015
Client: S.K. Engineering & Construction
Duties & Responsibilities:
Monitoring contractor`s inspector and quality system to ensure adequate performance and compliance with Company Quality requirements.
Prepare Inspection and surveillance reports.
Assist in the review of Project Drawing and Specifications for compliance with Company and International Standards.
Promote and build awareness of the project quality requirements.
Perform focused assessments of specific work elements to ensure that the project quality activities and processes are effective.
Performed as a Quality control Inspector for the supervision of Reinforcement and monitoring of concrete pouring.
Performed as an inspector for Concrete curing inspection and maintenance according to specifications.
Monitoring and conducting all type of tests dealing with concrete and soil.
Raise Request for Inspection (RFI) for the work performed to Saudi Aramco Project Management Team & Project Inspection Department for checking, verification and approval.
Implements actions and requirements as detailed in the Project’s Inspection and Test Plans
Assist in correcting issues and closing of all non-conformance & corrective action reports relating to the Project.
Reads, verifies and ensures that specifications, plans and drawings are correctly implemented.
Cooperate for the correct implementation of all procedure relating to the Project in accordance with the Contracts, Saudi Aramco Engineering Standards, Procedures and all applicable regulatory requirements and to enhance Saudi Aramco satisfaction.
Study & Review of Aramco standards relevant to Project scope of work.
Perform other inspection related duties as directed by the Inspection Supervisor/PQM
Performed as a Architectural Qc for all architectural work
Performed as a inspector for installation of gypsum board work, water proofing work, plastering works. Project Title: YASREF YANBU ARAMCO SINOPEC REFINARY PROJECT Role: Quality Control Inspector
Period: September 2012 to December 2012
Client: Saudi Aramco.
Project Title: Manifa Co-Generation & Main Stations (SAUDI ARAMCO PROJECT) Role: Quality Control Inspector
Period: August 2012 to September 2012
Client: Technicas Reunidas Gulf
Duties & Responsibilities:
Performed Inspection and witness test of various materials at manufacturing facilities and the construction site to verify compliance with Company Standards and Project Specifications.
Performed material receiving inspections at the construction site to ensure that materials are within tolerance, grade and quality specified, and that they are properly stored without any damage.
Monitoring contractors’ inspector and quality system to ensure adequate performance and compliance with Company Quality requirements.
Prepare Inspection and surveillance reports.
Assist in the review of Project Drawing and Specifications for compliance with Company and International Standards.
Assist in the review of contractor quality plans and procedures.
Promote and build awareness of the project quality requirements.
Perform focused assessments of specific work elements to ensure that the project quality activities and processes are effective.
Track and maintain quality records related to the project.
Performed as a Quality control Inspector for the supervision of Reinforcement and monitoring of concrete pouring.
Performed as an inspector for Concrete curing inspection and maintenance according to specifications.
Performed as an inspector for Asphalt work according to specification.
Monitoring and conducting all type of tests dealing with concrete and soil.
Concrete coating and painting inspections.
Raise Request for Inspection (RFI) for the work performed to Saudi Aramco Project Management Team & Project Inspection Department for checking, verification and approval.
Read contract specifications and develop and maintain up to date versions of Inspection and Test Plans for the Project as directed by the Site QESH Representative.
Implements actions and requirements as detailed in the Project’s Inspection and Test Plans
Assist in correcting issues and closing of all non-conformance & corrective action reports relating to the Project.
Reads, verifies and ensures that specifications, plans and drawings are correctly implemented.
Cooperate for the correct implementation of all procedure relating to the Project in accordance with the Contracts, Saudi Aramco Engineering Standards, Procedures and all applicable regulatory requirements and to enhance Saudi Aramco satisfaction.
Study & Review of Aramco standards relevant to Project scope of work.
Perform other inspection related duties as directed by the Inspection Supervisor/PQM Project Title : ABF & Anode Handling Project
Saudi Arabian Bechtel Company (SABCO)
Role : Quality Control Inspector
Client : SAUDI ARABIAN MINING COMPANY (MA ADEN)
Period : February 2012 to July 2012
SPECIFIC RESPONSIBILITIES:
Prepare and maintain up to date versions of the Project Quality Plan, in association with the Project Manager, and in accordance with principles described in the Project Quality Plans.
Read contract specifications and develop and maintain up to date versions of Inspection and Test Plans for the Project as required by the Project Quality Plan and Construction Documents, and in accordance with the principles described in Procedure, Inspection and Tests.
Ensure all QA / QC documentations are prepared, approved and issued as required by Document and Data Control Procedure.
Ensure all QA / QC records are maintained as per Procedure, Document and Data Control.
Assist the Construction Manager and Site QESH MR with the implementation of all Quality related non-conformance & corrective action reports.
Assist the Construction Manager and Site QESH MR with the implementation of all Quality related actions raised during internal audits as per Procedure.
The Site QESH MR in maintaining all Calibration Records relating to equipment allocated to the Project and ensures that all such equipment is within the stated calibration period as per Procedure.
Assist the Site QESH related Documentation as appropriate.
Implementation of actions and requirements as detailed in the Project’s Inspection and Test Plans, as assigned by the Site Qesh MR or as requested by the Construction Manager.
Inform the Site QESH MR and Project Manager with regards to QESH Quality related issues relevant to the Project.
Other responsibilities and authorities as defined by the Company Procedures or as instructed by either the Site QESH MR or the Project Manager.
All Site material receiving inspection prior to use Responsibilities:
Internal inspection of civil and structural work.
Stage wise inspection of all civil structural work with client including final walk down.
Inspection of excavation, fill placement, compaction, Compaction Testing.
Backfill material laboratory testing, receiving & storage inspection.
Also material receiving inspection of Epoxy coated steel bars, embedded items, Bolts, Nuts, Washers etc.
Inspection of formwork, rebar, coating, form closure etc. Prior to pouring of concrete.
Witnessing and reviewing test certification of cube test curved under different data as per ASTM C94.
Witnessing and reviewing test certification of slump test as per ASTM C94.
Concrete sampling, testing, repairing, finishing & curing inspection.
Concrete moisture testing, repairing, coating inspection.
Non-shrink & epoxy grout materials receiving and storage inspection.
Grout surface preparation & form work inspection.
Grout mixing, placement, sampling and testing inspection.
Group samples sending to laboratory for compressive strength test reports.
Coordinate with client inspector & third party for civil inspection, testing activities
Coordinate with the project manager and the proponents.
Prepare daily reports based on actual accomplishment
Ensure that requirement of approved quality plan including all requests for inspection is in accordance with standards and specification.
Make daily QA / QC reports, documentation preparation of internal audit and commissioning.
Issue field action memo & non – conforming report to construction if necessary.
Inspection and closing of punch list`s.
Additional work inspection and closing as per Aramco standards
Monitoring all Quality related aspects of the construction project.
Conducting quality training talks & motivating all concerned to carry out a good quality job.
Maintaining all the quality related documents of the project.
Studying system and work practices and addressing problem areas to improve methods. At Douglas OHI LLC, Oman
Title: Oxy-Mukhaizna
Role: Engineer
Period: January 2010 to February 2011
Client: Occidental Mukhaizna LLC
Project Cost: Approximately 28 million USD
Responsibilities:
Managing the sites
Reporting to the Project Manager
Following the safety and quality procedures
Attending progress meetings & discussing technical issues with the clients
Tracking the progress schedules
Handling the sub-contractors
Fulfilling all responsibilities from contractor side. Title: Oman Dental College, Wataiyah, Muscat
Role: Engineer
Period: July 2009 to January 2010
Client: Ministry of Health Oman
Title: Barkha Power & Desalination Plant II, Barkha Role: Engineer
Period: May 2008 to July 2009
Client: Doosan International LLC
At Sobha Developers P. LTD, Bangalore, India
Title: Construction of Bungalow
Role: Site Supervisor
Period: November 2007 to March 2008
Client: Sudha Gopalakrishnan, C.E.O Infosys
At Cicon Engineers P. LTD, Bangalore, India
Title: Construction of I.T Mind Tree Tech Park
Role: Site Engineer
Period: Jul 2006 to November 2007
At Geo-Engineering LTD, Bangalore, India
Title: Construction of Piles, Soil Auger Boring for testing of soil Role: Site Engineer
Period: July 2005 to June 2006

Contact this candidate
