
ASCENE D. JACQUES
adahuq@r.postjobfree.com
Phone 703-***-****

Current: **** * ******** **
Arlington, VA 22204
Permanent: 1415 S Edgewood St
Arlington, VA 22204

Summary of Qualifications
A Computer Information Systems major with experience in team building, strong leadership, communication, and organizational skills.

Education
James Madison University, Harrisonburg, VA 22807
Bachelor in Business Administration
Computer Information Systems and Business Management (TIE)

Computer Skills..
Microsoft Visio, Excel, Access, SharePoint, Visual Basics, Java, C#, ASP.NET, SQL

Employment
Technician, Acme Safe & Lock Inc., Bowie MD 2012-2015
Delivered, installed and bolted safes.
Installed and repair door closers and security hardware at commercial locations and schools.

Sentara, United States of America IT Analyst 2016
Provided training and support to physicians and clinical staff on the use of system-wide electronic medical record software.

IBM, United States of America Application Innovation Consultant 2016-2018
Managed/tracked enhancements and defects in two systems (Jira/Redmine).
Marked complexity on new items, updating complexity on closed items, used this time to touch base with developers and BAs to make sure everyone was getting me what I needed to get to DOH
Completed system testing and user acceptance testing, by refining and improving existing documentation, and by creating documentation for the Curam application system.
Followed TSA's Release Configuration Change Management (RCCM) process to deliver functional requirements, test scripts, system testing, user acceptance testing, and user training.
Created documentation for application with ownership of 2 test scripts, 36 requirements, and validation test script package.

Organization Experience
Vice Basilius, Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Inc. 2013-2014
Developed leadership and organization skills by conducting chapter meetings, blood drives, food drives, awareness programs, and safety programs.

Cyber City, James Madison University College of Business 2013-2015
Hosted an event for high school students of underrepresented minorities to teach them Mobile App Development using MIT App Inventor.

Student-Athlete Advisory Committee (SAAC), James Madison University Representative 2013-2016
University Representative for Colonial Athletic Association SAAC
Serve as a liaison between JMU Football, JMU Athletics, and SAAC
Provide input and open communication on how to improve Athletic Programs across the country.

Team Member Varsity Football, James Madison University 2011-2016
Earned a full scholarship as a Linebacker
Developed commitment to a strong work ethic by devoting 30 hours per week to athletics while taking a full course load.
Community Involvement
Volunteer, Smithland Elementary, Harrisonburg, VA 2013- 2015
Provided learning strategies with elementary aged childeren
Assisted teachers with lesson plans

Contact this candidate
