
Poruthukkaran House
Marathakkara P.O.
Thrissur – 680 306
Kerala – India
Mob: +918*********( Home)
+919*********
+974********(Qatar)
Email: adah87@r.postjobfree.com
SKYPE : sanoyjoy12

SANOY JOY

INSTRUMENT TECHNICIAN – 08 YEARS OF EXPERIENCE

Proactive & multi-skilled Instrumentation professional experience in Oil & Gas industry with different instrumentation devices in the expansion work of KOC (Kuwait oil company) and maintenance work in ONGC (offshore Mumbai), Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited - NPCIL and Qatargas South, Qatar

JOB EXPERIENCE
Over 08Years’ various experience with oil & gas (offshore & onshore) as Instrument Technician in oil & gas plants, refineries, offshore Oil Company’s. Experience includes installation, testing, commissioning and maintenance of Instrumentation equipment associated, Familiar with hazardous area permit to work systems (PTW)

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION
SSLC (Board of Public Examinations Kerala)
Higher Secondary (VHSE) Science
TECHNICAL QUALIFICATION
(VHSE) Vocational higher secondary education, Govt of kerala
Diploma in Process Control Instrumentation
NCVT (Instrumentation)
INDUSTRIAL SAFETY TRAINING
STCW-95 ( ONGC-offshore)
H2S Awareness and Escape hood, BA
WMS-work management system,(Qatargas Qatar)
PTW for Qatargas( permit to work)
WORK EXPERIENCE

February 2016 Till now QATAR
Title : Instrument Technician
Qatargas south (Madina Group W.L.L, Qatar)
Former-Qatar National Facility Services.(QNFS)Qatar

May 2013 to December 2015 KUWAIT
Title: Instrument Technician
KOC( Kuwait oil company)
Company : ALGHANIM INTERNATIONAL WLL, KUWAIT.

October 2012 to April 2013 INDIA
Title: Instrument Technician
NPCIL (Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited)
Company: KELTRON

August 2011 to june 2012 INDIA
Title: Instrument Technician
ONGC offshore Mumbai
(Oil and Natural Gas Corporation Limited )
Company : Nutech Engineers Mumbai

NATURE OF JOBS:

Bench & Field calibration, Erection, Loop checking, Commissioning and maintenance activities of all types of Process Control Instruments.
The Company was engaged with the construction, Commissioning and maintenance activities . Work exposure on Compressers, and Relay Panels and familiar with safe guarding Logic checking of Equipments and Process.
Preventive and corrective maintenance on process control systems and control loops. Removing, dismantling, overhaul/repairing and Installation of electric, pneumatic, electronic, hydraulic instruments.
Performed the shutdown activities as per the planned schedule.

NATURE OF EXPERIENCE:
Performed Field & Bench Calibration, Field Maintenance and installation of Intelligent Smart Transmitters.
Experience in fin fan pich control system.
Permit to Work (PTW) Holder in Ras Gas Plant/qatargas
Calibration, Field maintenance and installation of control valves with SMART positioners of Fisher DVC series
Experience in Invensys T M R Emergency Shut Down Device
Various instrumentation jobs involved in the shutdown and start up In Ras Gas Plant
Preparing daily work reports and calibration reports.
Performed Loop checking, Field maintenance, Function Checking and installation of Bently Neveda-3500/15 and 3000 vibration systems.
Performed calibration, Stroke Check and maintenance of Solenoid operated On/Off Valves, Emergency Shutdown Valves (ESD S) and MOVs of make Metso,Biffi, Rotork etc
Used various test and calibration instruments like Druck pressure and temperature Calibrators, Fluke Pressure and temperature Calibrators, Druck field Current Calibrators, HART Communicators of Emersion-375&475
Have Permit to Work system, Lock Out and Tag Out system, Gas testing, Tool Box talk to the Co-workers etc.
Calibration and servicing of Valtek Valves and its positioners.
Top work Limit switches and Position transmitter s calibration.
Shutdown and On/Off valves calibration and rectify the mismatching,
Masonelian Level troll calibration and data checking
Checking of vibration probes used in Compressors (Axial & Radial) and Pumps.

ABLE TO UNDERSTAND AND WORK ON
Programmable ladder & relay logic diagram, sequence diagrams, loop wiring diagrams, instruments loop specification, hook-up drawings for field instruments, piping and instrument diagram, plot plan.

INSTRUMENTS USED

Temperature measuring instruments:- Temperature Transmitters, RTD, Thermocouple, Temperature Switch,

Flowmeasuring instruments:-D.P.FlowTransmitter(Yokogawa,Honeywell, Rosemount)

Pressure measuring instruments:- D.P. Transmitter (Yokogawa, ABB, Siemens &Rosemount), Pressure Switch.

Level measuring instruments:- Level troll ( D.P. Level Transmitter, Level Switch, Magnetic Level indicator

Installation & maintenance of Solenoid Valve.

Installation & maintenance of Pneumatic, Electro pneumatic & SMART Valve Positioners, and Limit switch.

Overhauling & Stroke checking of control valves (MILs, BIFFI & FISHER).

Thorough knowledge in Calibration of Pressure gauges using Pneumatic pressure calibrator

TEST EQUIPMENT USED
HART Communicator(375,475),Fluke Process Calibrator(725&754),DruckCalibrator,Druck milli Ampere Source,Temperature Bath,Temperature Calibration milli Volt Source,Loop calibrator,Fluke multimeter,Function generator,Standard Test Pressure Gauges,Multifunction source calibrator

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Calibration, Loop checking, Simulation and Stroke checking, Overhauling, commissioning and Pre-commissioning activities & Shutdown Maintenance of Various Instrumentation Systems and, Erection.
Installation, Calibration, Maintenance and Troubleshooting of Vibration Monitoring System & Temperature monitoring system
Having good knowledge to understand the startup logic and drawings in adequate with maintenance like (Cause & Effect, Functional Logic Diagram, Trip & Alarm Setting, Signal loop diagram, Control and Trip logic, P&ID,hookup drawings, instrument loop diagram, schematic diagram, plot plan diagram etc)
Carried out Installation, calibration and commissioning of Instrument Used for Flow, Pressure, Temperature, Level Measurement, Control valves & Installation of stanchions, Junction boxes,
Conduit laying, cable laying & Termination, Positioner Calibration & Installation
Associated in Engineering Activities with Design Team for Generation of Detailed engineering and Loop wiring.
TMR ESD System) for Necessary alarms and Trips. (HIPS)
Control Panels, Marshalling Panels, Relay Cabinets and Their Associated Equipment. panel erection cable laying and pulling,Cable glanding and cable termination.
Familiar with Field bus instrumentation, Hart communicator and Druck calibrator
Calibration smart positioner fisher 6020, Various control valves of Fisher, Masoneilan and ABB various conventional and smart transmitters (pressure,flow,temperature,level) of makes Rosemount, Foxboro, yokogawa, honeywell, etc
Probe and Proximitor characteristics check.
Monitor & Proximitor calibration.
Tubing, cable glanding, termination, cable panel wiring & dressing
Finfan vibration switch function test, pitch controle installation
DVC configuration, flame scanner function test.

Computer Skill
MS Office, outlook, ePTW

PASSPORT DETAILS
Passport no. : H9595239
Place of issue : Cochin
Date of issue : 20/08/2010
Date of Expiry : 19/08/2020

DECLARATION

This is to certify that above given details are true, complete and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.
SANOY JOY

Contact this candidate
