
PAUL MARIMA KAHUNGA
071******** adah7c@r.postjobfree.com

PERSONAL STATEMENT
A highly experienced and competent IT support technician with hands on experience in a variety of office and field based environments. A level head and rational approach to problem solving leads to reliability and fast solutions to IT technical issues. An excellent communicator with the ability to explain procedures in a practical and user friendly way means that many IT problems can be solved via the telephone.
Comfortable working as part of a team or independently with a focus on delivering quality IT support on a continuous basis.

WORK EXPERIENCE:
Konnect Internet ICT Officer September 2018 to Present
Achievements and Responsibilities:
●Undertook application problems and resolution for application problems in conjunction with the users and application suppliers.
●Updated the clients with the latest enterprise systems development technologies and software updates.
●Helped in setting up of CCTV surveillance around the office.

Radar Security ICT Support August 2016 - July 2017
Achievements and Responsibilities:
●Was the first point of call for all IT issues
●Logging faults and managing response times
●Diagnosing and resolving problems efficiently
●Maintaining the integral security of office networks
●Ensuring all hardware operates at its optimum level with latest updates and patches
●Distributing relevant jobs to junior staff members and providing support when required

Global trend consultancy (Nairobi) ICT Support Jan 2015 - Feb 2016
Achievements and Responsibilities:
●Manning the IT help desk and providing instant solutions to IT issues
●Keeping up to date with all Microsoft Office operating systems
●Running diagnostic checks and servicing essential IT hardware
●Explaining complex IT issues to non-technical employees
●Identifying and solving IT problems and logging them into the relevant databases

PRE-PROFESSIONAL ACTIVITIES:
Khona Agencies ICT Consult August 2014 - Dec 2014
Achievements and Responsibilities:
●Setup and managed the company’s CRM and social media accounts (Facebook, Twitter and Instagram).
●Promoted the company’s products through creating engaging content which increased traffic.
●Ensured a seamless customer experience by attending to client enquiries and orders.

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
Institute of Advanced Technology June 2014-August 2014
CISCO CCNA
Nairobi Institute of Business Studies June 2012- Sept 2013
Diploma in Computer Engineering
Ituru Boys High School January 2008- December 2011
Kenya Certificate in Secondary Education

INTERESTS
Gadgets Research: Keeps himself up to date with information on new products in technology and advises his entrepreneurial connections on the best to his knowledge products to associate with.

REFEREES
●Lucy Gicheru
Operations, Radar Security
072*******

●Sauel Kageni
ICT Officer, Konnect Internet
078*******

●George Wanjihia
Business Development Manager, Global Trend Solutions
074*******

Contact this candidate
