
Looking for a challenging and responsible opportunity, explore strengths and potentials in a professional organization to meet employer’s expectations.
JEGATHISWARI R
Phone no : 962-***-****
Email id : adah1h@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/jegatheeshwari-
ravi-570655128
A Native Biomedical field with Quality Development with nearly 1 and half months of experience Quality control Development, web server Maintenance & Support and Project Execution.
Development of reusable products check.
Development and implementation of core functionality and support tools.
Understand the business and functional requirements.
Handled the product reports(Front end technical support).
Developed the system unit.
Integration Testing & debugging.
Working in Lara Orthopaedic solutions and Pvt Ltd as a Quality control engineer,
I have been wearing multiple hats like multiple roles and responsibilities.
Hands on 4 months experience in android development of core functionality and support tools.
Hands on experience in Coding, Testing, implementation/Maintenance Support in android Extensive development of android studio.
Integration Ability: Strong in understanding and Integrating third party project services.
Platforms: Quality control analysis,Android studio and sdk tools.
Client-side programming: Java.
Programming Languages: c, java, Mobile application development
Core skills : Plc,Scada,Abb, Automation skills

Project title – Improved Quality analysis pre-processing project.
Enhance Emergencing Response system neverging cloud sensing heterogeneous data. HOBBIES AND INTERESTS
Positive attitude
The ability to work as a part of the team
Good grasping capacity
Motivated self-starter.
watching movies
Gardening
Listening music
B.E(ECE) with 65%, Cauvery college of Engg &Tech.
H.S.C with 73% in Govt Higher Secondary School, Nallur.
S.S.L.C. with .63% in Govt Higher Secondary School,
Nalllur..
Tamil : Native Language
English : Professional proficiency
Hindi : Limited working proficiency
Father name : Ravi.V
Mother name : Thamizharasi.R
Date of Birth : 21.06.1994
Nationality : Indian
Address : no 31,thiruvallluvapuram second street,choolaimedu,Chennai-600094 Sex : Female
Language Proficiency: Tamil, English
Participated in Multimedia.
Awarded 1
st
Prize in Multimedia presentation at P.A.B.C.E.T BharadhidhasanUniversity.
Awarded 1
st
Prize in Quiz Competition at PB Engg & Tech.
Awarded Youngest Speecher in Intermediate and High School
Awarded 2
nd
Prize in Treasure Hunt at P.A.B.C.E.T Bharadhidhasan University.
Awarded 3
rd
Prize in PPT in KCG College of Engineering & Technology.
Event in-charge for many of the technical and non-technical events in college. I hereby declare that all the information’s listed above is true to the best of my Knowledge and belief.
(JEGATHISWARI.R
)

Contact this candidate
