
* * * * *
Personal Profile
I am a highly motivated and dynamic Contracts Manager, who offers exceptional industry knowledge and a solid business acumen. I hold a versatile skillset developed through extensive experience, and I excel in resolving challenges with well thought-through strategies, proven to increase organisational effectiveness and achieve set objectives. I regard myself as a well travelled individual for professional and leisure gain. Education and Career Development
Civil Engineering N.Dip (RSA), CPUT (Engineering), South Africa, Current Registration for Professional Engineering Technician, ECSA, South Africa, Current Project Management Professional, Project Management Institute, USA, Current Certificate for Health and Safety Representative, Frontline Health & Safety, South Africa, 2009 Autocad Training Certificate Advanced, Autodesk, South Africa, 2008 Levels of Arabic Grammar, ABU – Nur University, Syria, 2007 Completion of Memorization of Quranic Text, Jam Eyatul Quraa, South Africa, 2004 Career Profile
Contracts Manager, Ikapa Construction, South Africa, August 2018 – December 2018 Responsibilities:
I was contracted By Ikapa Construction Via Azimo to complete an emergency project. The project was behind schedule and financially negative.
I have successfully brought this project up to date and towards financially positive. Site Agent, AR Projects & Developments, South Africa, June 2019 – October 2019 Responsibilities:
I was responsible for the management of the construction unit, while adhering to company policies and procedures, and liaising with the project manager (PM) on job status, completion date etc. Mr. Imraan Fakier
Contracts Manager
adah7l@r.postjobfree.com
+27-62-910-****
2 P a g e
201
Career Profile
I held regular meetings to ensure that goals were achieved, and I liaised with other departments, while supervising, training and motivating foremen and site staff.
I ensured that all permits, safety files etc. were in place.
My portfolio included project/job allocation, assignment and execution. I evaluated the scope of work and process from project start to end, discussing details of the job with relevant parties.
Tasks included production progress. I managed the site foremen and teams, ensuring that resources were accessible and on site, while monitoring cost to ensure efficient budget (staff, material and sub- contractor) management.
It was necessary for me to manage and control project finances, monthly certificates and invoices, subcontractor appointments, and weekly claims.
I monitored quality control, ensuring that work was executed to the correct specification and scope of work.
My areas of accountability included health and safety. I liaised with health and safety representative, officers and site supervisors regarding safety importance and inspections.
Notable Projects:
Upgrading of the Stellenbosch Arterial (Major Roadworks) – R167 500 000
Construction of Landfill Chemical Recycling Building Kuruman – R72 500 500
Upgrading of the N1 Trunk Road and bridge rehabilitation – R405 500 000
Civil engineering services and construction of dual carriageway (M17) – R86 000 000
Upgrade and renovation of House Walters, Scarborough – R4 800 000
Re-instatement of all civil works to new fibre optic infrastructure (NEOTEL)
– R12 060 000
Upgrading of 500mm.diam HDPE effluent pipeline – R30 500 00 Contracts Manager, Yethu Civils Construction, South Africa, October 2013 – June 2014
Responsibilities:
As the Contacts Manager, I conducted pre-deployment site inspections, while understanding the job requirement and client’s expectations. I submitted an inspection report prior to deployment. In case of lump sum contract, I estimated the requirement of resources, material and consumables required to carry out the job.
It was my duty to identify safety and health risks at the site and address concerns if any. I met with the client, discussing progress of work and generating reports on the same. Furthermore, I liaised with time-keepers and the transportation department on a daily basis for smooth operations at site.
I updated the line manager on day to day activities and assisted in the preparation of various reports.
In addition to the identification of good/bad performers, I recommended rewards or disciplinary action as required. It was necessary for me to take corrective and preventive actions. I executed project completion within timeline and budget, maximising company profits and reputation. Key Strengths and Competencies
Contractual & Admin
Assist with Healthy Safety specific file
compilation.
Labour reports to governmental
institutions.
Administer on-site disciplinary
hearings
Accident and incident reports
Variation orders
Purchase orders
Approval of new
vendors/subcontractors
Approval of invoices, quantities,
additional works
Approval of subcontractor certificates
and invoices
Extension of time claims and disputes
JBCC, SANS, COLTO, NEC, FIDIC
Materials
G2-G7 materials
Asphalt wearing course, Bitumen
treated base, pavement mixes, chip &
spray, UTFC
Concrete 10-40mpa. Kerbing
Medium pressured pipes.
All building materials.
CBR testing, density tests, compaction
tests, curing tests, UCS testing
Computer Literacy
Microsoft Office
Sketch Up
Solid Works
Revit
Autocad
Technical Skills
Analyzing of drawings
Structural & civil design
HDPE underground piping design
Stormwater management
Traffic management
3 P a g e
Career Profile
Notable Projects:
New Roads in Kleinmond and housing facility – R 33 120 000
Construction of engineering services for 28 holiday units – R 7 200 000 Project Manager, City of Cape Town Human Settlements, South Africa, 2013 and 2014 Responsibilities:
During this period, I was recruited by the City of Cape Town to manage an emergency project. I was instructed to complete the project in 3 weeks, which as per normal programming, should have been completed in 3 months. The project was completed successfully.
Assistant to the Resident Engineer, Orrie, Welby Solomon & Associates Civil Engineering Consultants, South Africa, November 2008 – August 2013
Responsibilities:
I was required to develop and implement engineering methods, policies and procedures to ensure the project was completed successfully, while evaluating any technical issues and providing the appropriate solutions.
In addition to ensuring that the project adhered to all government and industry standards and guidelines, I checked monthly certificates, claims and invoices, and performed field quality control observations and assessments.
It was necessary for me to inspect and assess the quality of materials being used for projects, while calculating the quantity of material, supplies and equipment needed for each individual project.
I ensured the availability of resources and materials at all times, and I was responsible for all construction activities being carried out in accordance to set safety rules.
My portfolio included financial monthly estimates. Notable Projects:
Civil engineering services and roads for new CT Film Studios – R27 500 000
Construction of Retirement Housing for Garden Cities – R105 500 000
Civil engineering services and construction of dual carriageway (M17) – R86 000 000
Construction and rehabilitation of Steve Biko Bridge – R14 800 000 Clerk of Works, Orrie, Welby Solomon & Associates Civil Engineering Consultants, South Africa, November 2008 – August 2013
References
Waleed Adams, Manager Informal Settlements, City of Cape Town, +27-82-793-**** Mr. Sedick Orrie, Civil Engineer, Orrie Welby Solomon (Executive Director), South Africa, +27-82-789**** Rafeeq Conrad, Senior Resident Engineer, Orrie Welby Solomon (Asscociate), South Africa, +27-82-577-**** Waleed Adams, Human Settlements Manager, Structural Engineer City of Cape Town, Cape Town, +27-82-793-****, adah7l@r.postjobfree.com
Andrew Hudson, Project Manager, C.B.I., +27-76-567-**** Ismail Baba, Senior Management, Azimo Trading, +27-72-160*-***, adah7l@r.postjobfree.com Abdul Raban – Director at AR Projects and Developments 021-***-****

Contact this candidate
