
Joshua Jesus Rodriguez
**** *. ******* ***. #* *Alhambra* Ca. 91803*323-***-*****adaiaz@r.postjobfree.com
Operational Account Management
My position has always been specifically dedicated to managing daily operations for fluidity and brand maintenance. Supporting an array of account levels from daily operations, project management, corporate and entertainment needs who require an extra touch of finesse and organizational creativity. I aim to grow and provide my efficiency and effective nature through the use of old fashioned hard work and modern day technology.

Core Qualifications

Operations and Project Management
Strategic and operational planning
Microsoft office

Cost Management
Corporate Client Management
Agency Management Experience

Experience
American Express -Alhambra, Ca. 91803 - 2016-2018
Senior Corporate Travel Manager – Arranged worldwide reservations for leisure and business travelers for American Express Platinum and Centurion card members the top tiers of membership. (Native Sabre) was the GDS of choice providing card members with unique benefits such as 2 for 1 air and round the world fares, Fine Hotels and Resorts. Within 2 years a supervisor's advancement opportunity arose after which, became responsible for a staff of 150 agents and the day to day operations. I became responsible not only for the agents but also for employee performance and any IRATE situations to maintain the members' confidence in the brand. Accumulating over $1 million in revenue creating leisure and business platinum travel itineraries to receive a commendation referred to as the Platinum Club accompanied with a cash bonus three additional vacation days.

Viking River Cruises -Woodland Hills Ca. 91367 - 2013-2016
Quality Control Voyage Coordinator – Quality checked passengers names, international travel documents and itinerary of PNRS utilizing (Sabre) along with an account/client management program titled (Costar) to perfection. Ensured flawless accuracy not only for the client; also the departing and arriving countries in accordance to the governing laws and requirements set by Homeland Security, domestic/international airlines and the Client/Corporate Companies. Apart from the travel requirements we also issued, exchanged, phase 4’d all of our own tickets natively.

Archer Travel – Montrose, Ca. 91214 – 2011-2013
Corporate Travel Sales - Oversaw all contracted travel arrangements both leisure and corporate comprised of air, lodging along with land transfers from beginning to end. Established outside agency sales relationships from many countries such as the United States, Europe, Asia, and Canada. I distributed ticket commissions to those agencies who sought to benefit from business and first-class airline tickets. Utilized (Apollo) as the GDS for all corporate accounts which were (The Africa Channel, YMCA)

Pinnacle Travel Services LLC. Of Amex –Los Angeles, Ca. 90017 - 2005-2011
Lead Travel Counselor/Supervisor – Arranged worldwide reservations for leisure and business travelers for American Express Platinum and Centurion card members the top tiers of membership. (Native Sabre) was the GDS of choice providing card members with unique benefits such as 2 for 1 air and round the world fares, Fine Hotels and Resorts. Within 2 years a supervisor's advancement opportunity arose after which, became responsible for a staff of 150 agents and the day to day operations. I became responsible not only for the agents but also for employee performance and any IRATE situations to maintain the members' confidence in the brand. Accumulating over $1 million in revenue creating leisure and business platinum travel itineraries to receive a commendation referred to as the Platinum Club acknowledging the accomplishment accompanied with a generous bonus.

Education
Glendale community College, Glendale, Ca. –2012-2016

UEI College, West Covina, CA - GRADUATED 2018-2019
Computer Service Technician

References are available upon Request

Contact this candidate
