
Parag Kumar
Project Engineer @ Wipro Digital (Holmes) Mob : 800-***-****
Bangalore, IN. Email : adaiqc@r.postjobfree.com
Pro le
Computer Science graduate from Birla Institute of Technology, Mesra. Enthusiastic to explore the eld of Machine Learning and inquisitive to learn latest cutting-edge technologies. Currently working on my skills in Tensor ow, Docker and improving coding pro ciency. Education
BIT Mesra,Ranchi Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science - 7.77/10 2013 ~ 2017 Gyan Bharti Residential Complex,Gaya CBSE, XIIth in PCM - 90.4% 2011 ~ 2013 Bal Vidya Niketan,Gaya CBSE, Xth - 95% 2010 ~ 2011 Work Experience
Wipro Digital Project Engineer (Holmes) Aug 17 - Present. Alight Solutions ( Jan 19 - Present )
Working on Wipro's biggest client Alight Solutions HR shared services (HRSS). It is a division that handles operational tasks, such as Accounting, HR, Payroll, Compliance.
It involves Anomaly detection on employee data by
automating manual labor and data validation under
important business rules.
Technology used: Python, Django, Outlier detection, Docker Pharma Co-vigilance (Aug 18 - Dec 18)
An automated cognitive solution to fast track the manual Adverse Drug Reactions (ADR) reporting process by the Pharmacists to the Argus System. Major components of the solution are Audio to Text conversion and NLP for populating relevant attributes to Argus System.
Technology used : Python,Watson,Django,Spacy,LSTM . Google Finance Ownership (Feb 18 - July18)
GFO works on to extract ownership and stake for companies using data scraped through google search and company pro le listing.
Trained and applied IEF onto the dataset to extract ownership details and % of ownership for di erent entities.
Technology used: Python, NLP, Spacy.
Information Extraction Framework (Aug17 - Jan 18)
IEF is an NLP system focused on information extraction in nancial, healthcare and other industries. It uses NER, Coref, Relation Extraction and sentiment classi cation.
Majorly worked on replaced Stanford NER with spaCy NER for better performance and made a pipeline for coreference resolution using spaCy and tagged, trained datasets. Technology used: Python, Java, spaCy, Stanford CoreNLP Certi cations
IBM Certi ed Application Developer - Watson V3 Certi cation, Jun 2017 ~ Present Build Chabot with Watson Conversation, Jun 2017 ~ Present IBM Cloud Essentials, Jun 2017 ~ Present
Skills
Programming Database Technologies
Python
Java
C++
C
Sql
PostgreSql
Machine Learning
IBM Watson
Ocr - Tesseract
Django Rest Framework
Docker
Courses
Udemy
Practical Deep Learning with Keras and Python.
Machine Learning A-Z™ Hands-On Python & R In Data Science. Deep Learning with TensorFlow Deep Neural Nets in Python. Python for Data Science and Machine Learning Bootcamp. Docker Mastery: The Complete Toolset From a Docker Captain. Coursera
Machine Learning Stanford University by Andrew Ng. Extra-Curricular
Conducted AI weekly meet for the team to enhance understanding of Machine Learning concepts. Interests
Competitive Programming, Problem Solving, Badminton

Contact this candidate
