
Jeffrey M Dahn
adaidk@r.postjobfree.com
**** ****** ******
Honolulu, Hawaii 96819
808-***-****
Highly motivated candidate with experience in Information Technology Infrastructure and Support seeks opportunity to contribute to company growth . SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
18+ years experience in Enterprise IT, data center management, and cloud technologies with Fortune 500 companies in NY, NJ, Boston, and Hawaii. Specialties: Systems Management, Entrepreneurship, Cloud/Virtualization Solutions, IaaS, SaaS, PaaS, Data Center Development & Management, Network Architecture, Customer Support, Network Engineering, Windows Systems Infrastructure, Storage Area Networks, High Availability Solutions
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Independent Consultant – Honolulu, HI – Dec 2015 – Current Technology Consulting consisting of break-fix, cloud solutions, website design for small to mid-size local business.
Lo kahi Solutions – Honolulu, HI - Dec 2010 Dec 2015 - CEO Founded Lokahi Solutions in 2010 with the mission of providing cohesive, single-source solutions for client computing needs and bringing the multi-faceted benefits of cloud computing to the business community.
Islanda Tech – Honolulu, HI - June 2008 Dec 2010 - CTO Converted a legacy IT business into Hawaii’s first managed cloud computing and virtualization platform.
Bishop and Company Contractor for the DoD – DOD - June 2007 June 2008 Consultant leading a DOD division project that virtualized key systems to be replicated instantaneously in the event of a disaster.
Standard and Poor’s New York, NY - Jan 2005 April 2007 - Engineering Team Leader Transformed the infrastructure supporting Capital IQ, a financial services PaaS application of S&P, from its startup roots to an enterprise class platform to handle rapid and substantial growth. Re-drafted all aspects of the data center architecture, design, and related implementation to deliver S&P products via the Capital IQ platform. Chubb Insurance Companies Warren, NJ - Oct 2002 Jan 2005 – Systems Analyst Key member of the Global Infrastructure team responsible for designing and supporting global operations. Subject matter expert on areas like storage area networking, security, and active directory.
Ixpanse, LLC Boston, MA - June 2001 March 2002 - Director of IT Directed information technology and managed product development, positioning strategies for our collocation, data center, and similar communications customers. CO Space, Inc Boston, MA - Nov 2000 Jun 2001 - Manager of IT Managed Information Technology for leading colocation and data center facilities start- up. Built the organization’s IT infrastructure from company inception, supporting its rapid growth up to, and through, the time of sale and transition to Internap Network Services Corporation.
Summit Bank Ridgefield Park, NJ - Nov 1999 - Nov 2000 - Engineer Ran client server infrastructure for the bank’s commercial and investment banking division.
EDUCATION
Loyola College – Baltimore, MD
Bachelors in Business Administration Concentration MIS

Contact this candidate
