
Mary Ann Joy
Silva-Manansala
Address: Al Mansoura, Doha, Qatar
Cell: +974-****-****
adaixa@r.postjobfree.com
TERTIARY EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science in Civil
Engineering
New Era University- Philippines
(2008 – 2013)
SECONDARY EDUCATION
Village Montessori School
(2004-2008)
Job Objectives
To secure a cooperative education in
the field of Civil Engineering that will
challenge and strengthen my education
and professional skills. Where I can
utilize my experience and contribute to
achieve the program and professional
goals of my employer and to satisfy my
career growth.
Personal Details
EMPLOYMENT
Duties & Responsibilities:
Alfaraa General Contracting Co. L.L.C.
Abu Dhabi, UAE
September 2015 – June 2019
Project:
Construction of Proposed 3B+3P+G+29 Floors Residential Tower (MARYAH PLAZA PHASE 1 On Plot No EW-11-
MI8-C1 at Maryah Island Abu Dhabi, UAE)
Sheikh Khalifa Medical Dialysis-Center, Airport Road, Abu Dhabi, UAE
Jr. Engineer - Quantity Surveyor
Floating inquiries to suppliers & sub-contractors as per project requirements, specification and specified supplier list.
Informing Accounts department for necessary bank guarantee for tender bond.
Unit rate built up for each items.
Preparing summary and final valuation of the project including preliminaries and indirect cost.
Analyzing variation in the project
Preparation of commercial report.
Preparation of sub-contractors payment certificate.
Evaluation of sub-contractors variations and claims.
Maintaining records of sub-contractors Bonds and Insurances.
Sub-contractor Correspondences.
Ensure recovery from all sub-contractors of any costs incurred by the main contractor on behalf of sub-contractors.
Coordinate with all On-Site and Off-Site departments for the purpose of distance and disseminating information
Frey-fil Corporation (formerly Freysinnet Filipinas Corporation) Quezon City, Philippines
October 2014 – July 2015
Cost Engineer (Infrastructure Department)
Evaluate a product’s cost-effectiveness or profitability
Identify and quantify cost factors, such as production time, materials, and labor expenses
Collaborate with engineers on estimates
Analyze the requirements and specification of a project Date of Birth: 12
Th
November,1991
Nationality: Filipino
Religion: Catholic
Fluently Speaks:
English & Filipino Languages
Visa Status:
Family Visa
Track and inspect material deliveries
Maintain construction files and logs
Review and incorporate historical data from purchase orders, subcontracts, productivity analysis reports, etc. into unit and man-hour figures
JDS Construction Phils., Inc.
Ortigas, Pasig City, Philippines
February 2014 – October 2014
QA/QC Engineer
Prepare request for inspection and follow up the same with client and SubContactor
Carry-out vendor inspection.
Carry-out site inspection, surveillance, internal and external as per project requirement.
Ensures that good construction practices are strictly implemented and followed.
Performs all required quality procedures and systems are executed.
Performs other management mandated functions
Skill and Ability To:
Computer Literate (Microsoft Office, Auto Cad, Sketch up, PowerPoint, Excel Estimation, Plan Swift, Estimation,)
Taking quantities of projects.
Preparing bill of quantities.
Coordinate with all departments for project information.
Deal with people in a manner and shows sensitivity, tact and professionalism.
Be able to multi-task work on several big and small projects on time.
I hereby declare that the information given is correct to the best of my knowledge and belief and that I have not withheld any information, which might reasonably be calculated to adversely affect my suitability for employment.

Mary Ann Joy Silva-Manansala

Contact this candidate
