
REBINILDA RENDON MANALANG
Maligaya Park Subd. Novaliches Fairview Q.C
Contact no.: 00632 – 905-***-****
Email: adaiwx@r.postjobfree.com
Passport no.: P9807824A
Passport expiry: 03 December 2028
CAREER OBJECTIVES:
Result oriented employee seeking to leverage extensive background in administrative clerk, recruitment, employee relations, and performance appraisal and customer relation in a higher-level human resources position. Highly, motivated to contribute to a company's operation division. PROFILE
I am Multi-skilled computer encoding with more than fifteenth (15) year’s experience. My work experience has provided me with a strong foundation on becoming a quality performer. I have been trained to think of the bottom-line and ensure that customers are left with a good impression on how the service was delivered to them. I am a detail oriented individual with very good interpersonal skills. I consider myself as a resourceful person capable of completing a task even with little information and with little training. I can easily work with a team or by myself. I am proficient in various computer applications intended for MS applications (MS Word, Excel, Outlook and PowerPoint presentation & Internet Surfing). My grasp of the English language (speaking and writing) is good. Keeps record of various administrative services including copying, faxing, record keeping and/or transactions including requesting for office supplies, accounts payable, costing and utility billing. Responsible for scheduling meetings for all employees; escorts visitors to staff members’ office, along with provides hospitality service arrangements as requested by staff. Handles calls and promptly forwards them to appropriate person. I work hard but play even harder. I try as much as I can to lead a balance life. I take advantage of every opportunity I get to travel and spend time outdoors. WORK EXPERIENCES:
Position: SENIOR OFFICE COORDINATOR
Company: AL ASMAKH FACILITIES MANAGEMENT is a subsidiary of REGENCY GROUP HOLDINGS – Doha, Qatar Date Covered: May 18, 2015 to 1
st
July 2019
Job description:
Mainly responsible for handling and daily administration of the organization to maintain a good work environment
Coordinating with HR in Head Office regarding employees like : QIDs, Health cards, pay cards, travels documents and other related for all employees.
Responsible for assisting the administration manager and duties like: maintaining files, compiling documents and other information, preparing reports/statements.
Audit monthly template report for external clients.
Maintains a good report with all the employees
Proactive email management to ensure prompt response of priority messages.
Handles the monthly attendance and overtime report
Maintains records for staff accommodation requirements, uniforms & stationeries.
Handles schedules for medical and fingerprint of newly joined staffs (expats).
Handles schedules for staff transportation.
Ensure the smooth and adequate flow of information within the company to facilitate other business operations Page 1
Independently taking care of Induction process.
Prepare Employee Welcome Kit/ Induction Manual.
Ensuring all joining on time - completing all joining formalities.
Handling staff campus of 1000 plus nos. staffs
Maintaining the Manpower headcount and transfers analysis.
Issuance of appointment letters, confirmation & warning letters to the employees.
Prepare monthly reports, basis the entire organizations’ Manpower
Solving queries related to salary, personal loans, over time computations and hospitalization, etc.
Addressing all the training batches on frequent basis & addressing their issues.
Compose and distribute inter-department memorandum’s (e-mails, documentary) ensuring timely delivery and receipt of important information while at the time maintaining confidentiality.
Responsible for coordinating to HR for making domestic and international travel arrangements for staffs.
Establishes and maintains electronic records management system for all incoming and outgoing correspondence.
Detailed analysis on exit interviews for all resigned cases of dissatisfaction & conflict with the reporting manager.
Organize and supervise other office activities.
Responsible for coordinating and requesting to Procurement department for office supplies, accommodation rental renewals, vehicle rental renewal.
Responsible for all follow up of Purchase order and delivery. Position: ADMINISTRATOR
Company: KHANSAHEB FACILITIES MANAGEMENT – Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates Date Covered: January 14, 2015 to May 15, 2015
Job description:
Handles the monthly attendance and overtime report
Responsible for assisting the manager and handling duties like: maintaining files, compiling documents and other information, preparing reports/statements.
Assisting for the monthly Planned Preventive Maintenance (PPM) report
Does some administrative tasks such as documentation and recordings, apart from that are tabulating and computing petty cash.
Prepares transmittal in all communication made between the Company and clients Position: SENIOR ADMINISTRATOR
Company: AL ASMAKH FACILITIES MANAGEMENT – Doha, Qatar Date Covered: 12
th
June 2013 to 10
th
January 2015
Job description:
Responsible for the day-to-day tasks and administrative duties of the office including covering the reception area.
Collect all the information’s of different sections of the company. Inquire about all the status of the manpower.
Handles employee’s attendance record log on a daily basis.
Coordinating with HR in Head Office regarding employees like : QIDs, Healthcards, paycards, travels documents and other related for all employees
Handling incoming / outgoing calls, correspondence and filing.
Compose and distribute inter-departmental memorandums (e-mail, documentary) ensuring timely delivery and receipt of important information while at the time maintaining confidentiality.
Responsible for making domestic and international travel arrangements for staffs.
Established and maintains electronic records management system for all incoming and outgoing correspondence.
Organize, sort and assign mail distribution for all the employees. Page 2
Photocopy and gather documents for all location, mailing and filing.
Send and take delivery of messages and documents by means of fax machine or electronic mail.
Maintain privacy in all facets of client, employees and agency information.
Filed and recovered clerical documents, records and reports.
Assist with all other office administrative duties.
Typing documents and distributing memos.
Supervising the work of office juniors and assigning work for them.
Updating, processing and filing of all documents.
Apart from Administration related tasks, I also handle recruitment/hiring of new employees from scheduling of interviews and assessing their qualification to preparation of employment contract once selected.
Handles schedules for medical and fingerprint of newly joined staffs (expats). Position: ADMINISTRATOR
Company: AL ASMAKH FACILITIES MANAGEMENT – Doha, Qatar Date Covered: 09
th
March 2011 to 08
th
March 2011
Job description:
Data Entry Operator / Customer Service Representative
Responsible for printing job orders
Handles the monthly attendance and overtime report
Responsible for assisting the manager and duties like: maintaining files, compiling documents and other information, preparing reports/statements.
Updating, processing and filing of all documents. Customer Service Agent / Call Center Representative
Handle incoming calls from tenants/clients inquiries, complaints and maintenance requests
Coordinating with the maintenance team
Generating job orders in Oracle system
Assisting and preparing with tender documents
Position: DATE ENCONDER / SECRETARY
Company: W2 ELECTRO-MECHANICAL SYSTEMS AND GENERAL CONTRACTOR INC. Roces Avenue, Quezon City, Philippines
Date Covered: December 06, 1999–February 28, 2010
Job Description:
Collect all the information’s of different sections of the company. Inquire about all the status of the projects and ask the head of department to furnish details of the projects from concept through construction.
Responsible for recording, summarizing, posting expenses and other individuals necessary for financial statement. Checks accuracy and completeness of Cash/Check Disbursement Reports and replenishment of Petty Cash Funds Report.
Responsible for the preparation and up-to-date remittances of all government requirements
(SSS&PHILHEALTH).
Make a submittals for the materials that will be used in a particular project.
ReceivethephonecallsandtransferthelinetothePresident/GeneralManagerafterhis permission.
ReceivethephonecallsandfixtheappointmentsofclientswiththeEngineersor any officers in- charge.
Prepare and encode all the Progress Billing of various projects.
Encode materials and cost estimate of various projects.
Encode monthly accomplishment report for the projects.
Encode bar charts and work schedules.
Prepare our duties and other related works from time to time. Page 3
Position: DATA ENCODER
Company: DCR BUILDERS Penthouse Hearth Building, Makati City, Philippines
Date Covered: March 15, 1998 to November 15, 1998
Job Description:
Prepare and encode all the Progress billing of various projects.
Encode materials and cost estimate of various projects.
Encode monthly accomplishment report for the projects.
Encode bar charts and work schedules.
Encode weekly payroll.
Prepare our duties and other related works from time to time. KEY COMPETENCIES AND SKILLS:
Administration:
Competent on all Microsoft Office program.
Comfortable working with numerical data
Taking prompt, decisive and corrective action to rectify any short comings.
Able to use office equipment like copiers, fax’s, scanners, printers, computers and office software Professional
Analyzing problems by collecting data, establish facts, and drawing valid conclusions
Ability to spot issues and opportunities before others.
Strong work ethic; self-starter; results orientated.
Always challenging the status quo.
Active team member with self-drive and motivation. Personal
Acting with the highest ethical standards, and always treating others fairly & with respect.
A creative & innovative thinker.
Having a practical approach to problem solving.
Willing to be accountable, liable, & answerable for actions & decisions. TRAINING AND ACHICEMENTS:
Employee of the month as a Senior Administrator April 2018 Al Asmakh Facilities Management Employee of the month as a Senior Administrator October 2017 Al Asmakh Facilities Management Employee of the month as an Administrator September 2013 Al Asmakh Facilities Management Leadership Training (module 1 to 8) 21
st
to 28
th
September 2013 Al Asmakh Facilities Management
ABC of Customer Care Training 22
nd
March 2011 Al Asmakh Facilities Management
EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT: ASSOCIATE IN COMPUTER TECHNOLOGY STI COLLEGE, Muñoz Quezon City, Philippines May 2003 I hereby certify that all the information given is correct and true to the best of my knowledge and belief Page 4

Contact this candidate
