
Passport: ****** Spanish and Colombian Nationality Phone: +63-095*-***-**** adai3d@r.postjobfree.com NICOLAS GARCIA ACOSTA
Professional profile
Student of Public Accounting of the University Jorge Tadeo Lozano, Technician in accounting and finances, with upper experience to 5 years in diverse financial areas in sectors as: massive consumption and health; experience designing political of treatment of data, design and development of activities in different ERP's; disposal for team work, adaptation, skill to find appropriate solutions to situations that present in the work, contributing ideas that improve and facilitate processes.
Work Experience
July 2018 – August 2019 Altipal SAS
Bogota, COL
Analyst of Credit and Collection National
In my charge have the responsibility to coordinate the fulfillment of the indicators financial national by performing the following functions:
Visit customers with the end to strengthen the commercial relation and generate new negotiations of payment that generate impact in the wallet.
Create, build up and support processes for the collection to national level (effectiveness of impact to customers and collect delinquent)
Conciliation of customers of the company, verifications of payment and pertinent actions.
Tracking the days of the different lines of business in order to maintain and / or improve the indicator (DSO)
Studies of credit and approval of new credits.
Committee with the national team of sales with the end to evaluate impacts, possible risks and follow-up of the processes of collection in general.
I handle of blockades and unlock of the customers for the formality of turnover and sale of the company.
Recognition of notes credit, receipts of box, notes debit, among others documents in Dynamics AX (internal system of the company) of the customers of the company. January 2017 – July 2018
BIC Corp
Bogota, COL
Assistant of Credit and Collection (Colombia)
In my responsibility is supported and executed the different actions of the wallet of Colombia which rises to 14.00 Million COP, carrying out the following actions:
Create and implement a strategic plan studying the flow of the customers and generate alerts in the market to keep and reach the aims proposed by the management.
Create and strengthen effective processes for the collect to national level, fulfilling with goals monthly.
Review of the fulfillment and support to the department of marketing and sales with the end to coordinate the budget of commercial activities
Fulfillment of budgets of the discount offered to customers, without flying the price in the square.
Attain diminish the days of wallet of 90 to 75 days.
Manager of the continuous improvement in the operative effectiveness and progress in all the KPI
Recognition of notes credit, receipts of box, notes debit, shopping of commodity, returns of commodity, available bills among others documents in ORACLE (JD Edwards EnterpriseOne) September 2015 – December 2016
BIC Corp
Bogota, COL
Auxiliary Countable and Administrative
Recognition of notes credit, receipts of box, bills of purchase, notes debit, returns of commodity, bills of purchase among others documents in the Integrated System of Operative Managerial Information (SIIGO), handle of customers, conciliations of modules, negotiation with third and control module AR and AP . September 2014 –
September 2015
BIC Corp
Bogota,
COL
Countable Auxiliary – SENA
I register notes credit, receipts of box, notes debit, bills of purchase, among others documents in the Integrated System of Operative Managerial Information (SIIGO), banking conciliations, handle of customers (database), conciliations of the Module accounts for paying.
June 2013 – July 2013
November 2012 – December 2012
INSTITUTE OF CHILDISH
ORTHOPAEDICS ROOSEVELT
Bogota, COL
Auxiliary of Treasury and Accounting - Practical
I handle of the internal program of treasury, pay providers, attention to the public, display and registers of the banking movements of distinct entities.
Academic training
Public Accounting
UNIVERSITY OF BOGOTA JORGE TADEO LOZANO
Bogota – COL, Eighth Semester – In course.
Business Management
FUNDACION UNIVERSITY THE LIBERTADORES
Bogota – COL, Third Semester – Postponed
Technician in Accounting and Finances
SENA
Bogota – COL, 2015
Technician in Quantify of Commercial and Financial Operations SENA
Bogota – COL, 2013
Complementary training
- Camera of trade Bogota, “Seminar in Habeas Dates and register of databases in the RNBD - Law 1581 of 2012”, Bogota – Colombia, 2016.
- SENA – “Excel Intermediate”, Bogota – Colombia, 2016 .
- SENA – “Course in Recognition and measurement of accounts of balance and state of low results NIIF for SMEs”, Bogota – Colombia, 2015.
- SENA– “Special course in financial mathematics”, Bogota – Colombia, 2016.
- SENA, “measurement and recognition of operations in specific sectors and economic effects in the finances of the big companies according to the NIC And NIIF”, Bogota – Colombia, 2014
- SENA, “Financial Analysis”, Bogota – Colombia, 2014 Recognitions
• BIC COLOMBIA SAS – Work Team – 2016
• BIC COLOMBIA SAS – Wit – 2016
Languages
-French
Intermediate level
- English
Basic
-Spanish
Native

Contact this candidate
