
BIG FORD RESUME ****.docx

If there are images in this attachment, they will not be displayed. Download the original attachment

RESUME FOR BIGGIE MATAMBO
adaivu@r.postjobfree.com +1-639-***-****
Apart #18 8 Bateman Crescent Saskatoon S7H 3C2

Personal Statement
I am a permanent resident of Canada and a Certified Heavy Duty Mechanic from my home country. I am highly motivated Heavy-duty mechanic Truck and Transport with 17 years post qualification experience. I am registered with Saskatchewan Apprenticeship to challenge Red seal Journeyman exam. I am also seeking to work for reputed companies a . I can work in the environment of Heavy Duty Truck and Transport Mechanic, Automotive Mechanic or Heavy Duty Mechanic off Road, Construction or Mining industries . . I am available for relocation. I am hardworking, eager to learn, adaptable, efficient and excellent communicator and can start work anytime. I speak fluent English and able to read and write.

Skills and Abilities.

Computer diagnostic Skills, engine and ABS, good at interpreting electrical diagrams
Comprehensive knowledge of air and hydraulic brakes systems.
Advanced knowledge in troubleshooting, overhauling and maintenance of steering systems, hubs, suspension, wheels and chassis frame.
Diagnosis and servicing of trailers and components.
Diagnosis and service cab components.
Diagnosis and services hydraulic systems.
Vast knowledge in diagnosis and service drive train and components i.e. clutches, drivelines, differentials etc.
Safety cautious i.e. can work safely alone and as part of a team. Knowledge of climate control systems.
CVIP Safety Inspection

Work Experience February 2019 – to Date
Organisation Merlin Ford Lincoln (Dealership)
Department Service workshop (Technical )
Position Automotive Service Technician
Tasks
Carrying repairs on all Ford vehicles both Diesel and Gas cars,small and medium Trucks.
Oil changes
Inspections
Reprogramming modules recall and updates
Replacing suspension components eg control arms, transmission and axle shaft seals.
Replacing diff seals and PDIs and Repairing steering systems and Drive train
Tire rotation, wheel balancing and assemble.
Brake overhaul, replacing brake rotors, brake pads and drums and brake shoes.
Road testing vehicles after repairs
Work Experience May 2018 - January 2019
Organisation: Hino Trucks Saskatoon (Dealership)
Department Service and Technical Workshop
Position Heavy Duty Mechanic
Period: May 2018 - January 2019

Carrying out Diagnostics and trouble shooting of Hino Trucks, Ken worth, international, Caterpillar, Cummins ISX, COE and Conventional . Peter Built, AVR Trailers and other semi trailers for different customers in and around Saskatoon.
Carrying out Pre- Delivery Inspections .
Installing other accessories left by manufacturer
Carrying out safety inspections
Carrying out services
Replacement of components
Carrying out FCICs
Checking and fixing suspension and drive train
Replacing air conditioning components
Brake overhaul and manual clutch adjustments
Evacuation and Charging refrigerant
CVIP Safety Inspection.

Organisation City of Regina Municipality Transit

Servicing Hydraulics functions on Nova Buses
Brakes overhaul
Attending and troubleshooting pneumatics problems on Novus buses
Carrying out maintenance .
Reporting to the Workshop Supervisors
Computer diagnostics electrical systems wiring and ABS systems
CVIP Safety Inspection
Road Testing Buses
Attending to breakdown

Organisation Innscor Africa (Bakers’ Inn)
Department Engineering Workshop {transport}
Period July 2012 - February 2016
Fleet Ford New Holland Tractors, John Deere Tractors, Volvo Trucks, Cummins
N14, M10 and M11 engines on Trucks, Scania Buses and Trucks
Mercedes Benz Trucks, Mack, Kenworth, Daf trucks and Passenger Buses

Position: Diesel Mechanic

Tasks
Carry out maintenance of company fleet.
Attending to breakdowns
Computer diagnostics
Carrying clutch overhaul and engine tune up
Brake overhaul
Pneumatics
Maintenance of Trucks and trailers

Organisation Swift Logistics, Harare (Zimbabwe)
Period November 2008 – August 2012
Position Heavy duty mechanic.
Department Heavy and light duty maintenance workshops.
Fleet Scania buses Euro 2,3,4, Yutong buses, ERF trucks, forklifts, Mazda’s, Toyotas
Isuzu kbs, Mercedes Benz Artegos Trucks, DAF buses 825, John Deere tractors
Tasks
Carrying out maintenance.
Attending to breakdowns.
Air Brake systems overhaul, maintenance and troubleshooting.
Clutch overhauls.
Safety inspections.
Supervising of apprentices.
Diagnosing electrical problems.
Trailer maintenance and wiring
Hook up computer diagnosis
Repairing brake callipers
Safety inspection
Replacing airbrake components
Electrical trailer brakes

Organisation Zimbabwe United Passenger Company

Period 17/10/2005 – 16/11/2008
Position Heavy duty mechanic.
Department Workshop
Fleet Passenger Buses

Tasks
Carrying out maintenance of company fleet.
Carrying out scheduled services.
Gas welding and cutting and welding
Attending to breakdowns and towing vehicles on breakdown
Supervising junior artisans.

Organisation Mwana Africa Holdings (Trojan Nickel Mine)
Period 16/04/.1993 – 14/04/2004
Position Heavy duty mechanic.
Department Diesel Workshop.
Fleet LHDS< Excavators, Forklifts, JCBs, John Deere tractors, Ford New Holland,
Wagners ST3,5, Toro LHDs Tamrock, Front End Loaders, (Sandvik Drill Rigs)
Atlas Copco drill Rigs, GHH Loaders and Messey ferguson Tractors
Tasks.
Carrying out maintenance of underground equipment for the company
Carrying out preventative maintenance and scheduled services of hydraulics machines
Supervising apprentices and ensuring their safety and monitor housekeeping
Attending to breakdowns of earthmoving equipment.
Whims certificate

Professional Qualifications
Zimbabwean Journeyman Certification ( Skilled manpower and Trade testing Development Zimbabwe)
Challenging Saskatchewan Interprovincial red seal.
Saskatchewan class 5 A drivers licence with airbrake endorsement.

Academic Qualification
High School GCE Level Certificate { London Cambridge }
Hobbies
Soccer
Reading
Watching Movies
Referees

Bakers Inn Innscor Africa (Zimbabwe)
Workshop Foreman
Cell: +263********

City of Regina Transit
Maintenance Manager
Barry Leibel: 306-***-****

Contact this candidate
