
Page * Ana Marie A. Reantaso: Chemical Engineer
Professional License Number : 0025790
Contact Number : 099********
E-mail address : adaiwb@r.postjobfree.com
Address : Citiland Pasong Tamo Tower 2210 Don Chino Roces Ave. Makati City
Registered Chemical Engineer, PRC License No. 0025790 Philippine Regulatory Commission, November 2006
Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering
Bicol University, 2001 - 2006
Amherst Laboratories Inc.
(An EU GMP Certified toll manufacturing pharmaceutical plant) Group Leader
February 22, 2013 – Present
Duties and Responsibilities:
Provide leadership and direction in the production operations for Solids Packaging and Creams and Ointment to ensure timely and cost efficient production.
Day-to-day supervision to achieve required production and quality standards in a safe manner, and for promoting and maintaining positive working relationships with the production group.
Track daily performance and provide timely feedback to the team.
Conduct in-process testing and inspection as per defined frequency stated in Master Batch Record and monitor/evaluate results of the same activity as conducted by the operator.
Conduct investigations, validations, and solve technical and production-related problems in operations.
Review and analyse production, quality control, maintenance and operational systems and reports to assure that production and quality guidelines are met.
Ensure that all shift personnel comply with company policy and safety procedures and usage of required safety equipment.
Conducts coaching and feedback to sustain and improve performance.
Review, develop and revise standard operating procedures and other production records with areas concerned as needed.
Perform real time SAP transactions.
Provide support and assistance to Technical Services during qualification and validation. Key Roles and Achievements:
Internal Quality Auditor
Subject Matter Expert for Solids Packaging and Creams and Ointment Processing and Packaging
Moulding Time Reduction of Glycerine Suppository (Mar. 2017)
Modification of Rail Guide Cover at UPS (Dec. 2016)
Modification of Feeding Assembly for Disc Plate Feeder (Dec. 2014) SunPower Philippines Manufacturing Limited
(An ISO 9001/14001 US-owned company that specializes in solar wafer fabrication) Yield Technician/Analyst (Yield and Failure Analysis) February 6, 2007 – November 19, 2012
Duties and Responsibilities:
Monitor and oversee daily yield trends in Solar Cell Manufacturing.
Identify and investigate causes of mechanical and electrical test failure through systematic analysis and drive for yield improvement.
Generate Failure Analysis report for documentation of findings. Career
Qualifications
Page 2 Ana Marie A. Reantaso: Chemical Engineer
Interface with Product Integration group to ensure transfer to production of new machines, processes and technology are in accordance with approved data.
Knowledgeable on using metrology tools for failure and surface analysis tests like Suns Voc, Electroluminescence
(EL) and photoluminescence (PL) testers, Infrared (IR) Hotspot tester, INEXIV microscope and binocular microscope.
Key Roles and Achievements:
Team Member on Development Projects such as Backend Retrofit Project, New Tool Qualification for process improvement and cost reduction, Evaluation on second-sourcing materials.
Involved in Wafer Oxidation Simulation and Characterization
Wafer chip characterization and process mapping
Leadership Skills
Provides leadership and direction to the production team
Ability to delegate tasks and responsibilities
Ability to inspire team members to go the extra mile for the organization
Maintain good working relationship with personnel within the team and of other departments Technical Skills
Proficient in Microsoft Office and SAP
Proficient in Good Manufacturing Practices
Thorough knowledge in pharmaceutical processing and packaging operations
Thorough knowledge in problem solving tools such as 8D, SPC and QC Tools
Thorough knowledge of the practices, methods, materials, tools, and equipment in the production operation
Thorough knowledge of the hazards and safety precautions of the work
Posses strong analytical problem solving skill, keen attention to details and can produce results in a timely-manner
Knowledge in Lean Manufacturing Practices
Communication Skills
Excellent in English & Filipino Speaking, Reading, And Writing
Adept in data gathering and data analysis
Ability to preside meetings and present generated data to senior management
Ability to summarize data into report format
Ability to conduct trainings
Qualification and Validation (August 22-23, 2018)
Sartorius Technical Seminar - Weighing in Pharma Lab (September 21, 2017)
Good Distribution and Storage Practices and Internal Quality Audit (April 6, 2017)
Strengths Finder Workshop (November 11, 2015)
Boot Camp for Operational Excellence (December 2-4, 2014)
Coaching for Performance ( September 4-5, 2014)
GMP Training (September 2013)
SAP Training (June 29, 2013)
Effective Presentation Skills: Presenting with Confidence and Impact - (November 8 and December 6, 2011)
7 Habits of Highly Effective People - (September 21 and 29, 2011) Date of Birth 11 July 1984
Sex Female
Civil Status Single
Nationality Filipino
Skills
Personal Information
Seminars / Trainings Attended

Contact this candidate
