
CURRICULUM VITAE

SAEED UR RAHMAN
CIVIL ENGINEER

Mobile No; +966-*********
Visa status; Residence Transferable iqama
adaivt@r.postjobfree.com

An experienced professional with 18 year of experience as a Civil Engineer, QA/QC Engineer, Structural Engineer, site Engineer, site Manager, and with diverse experience in construction management on mega development project supervision site coordination and execution of the project with large infrastructure projects, & high-rise building, hospitals, hotels, villas, in Middle east (UAE & KSA)

Area of Expertise:
-Project Management.
-Installation planning and execution.
-Site coordination and staff Management.
-QA / QC Engineer.

Employment History

From
To
Company
Position
July
2013
Dec 2018
Archen Engineering consultant KSA
Civil Engineer
June 2012
June 2013
Maskan Arabia investment and Real Estate, KSA
Site Manager
Jan 2006
Mar 2011
AL Nabooda construction Dubai
UAE
Project Engineer
Feb 2003
Dec
2006
Rabou AL Emirates Building Contracting L L C Ajman UAE
Project Engineer
Feb 2001
Jan
2003
Three star Building construction
Sharjah UAE
Site Engineer

Professional Qualification:
Bachelor of Civil Engineering - Preston University Pakistan.

Diploma of Civil Engineering (DAE)
NWFP College of Engineering and Technology, Haripur Pakistan.

Registration/Awards:

As a Professional Engineer in Saudi Engineering Council
Certificates; No- 222183

Professional Experience;

ARCHEN Engineering Consultant Riyadh Saudi Arab
CIVIL ENGINEER July 2013 till Dec 2018
PROJECTS
Government projects (MOI), National information center (NIC) Riyadh KSA, Main Building; B+G+ 3 floors, Kitchen Building, GYM Building, Technical support Building, Officer Housing building, Service building, Masjid, Electrical Building, Car parking, Car parking Basement, Women Building, Mission Building, Roads for all Buildings,

Responsibilities
Construction delivery as per the approved shop drawing.
Day to day management of construction activities as per Project schedule.
Worked on site and monitored the construction phase of road projects.
Scheduling of workforce including foremen, charge hands and labors to meet the program requirements.
Monitoring work progress with respect to the base plans.
Liaising with the Engineers and other subcontractor for the installation of services.
Coordination with the in-house design department for preparation of shop drawings, Bar- bending schedules
Responsible for all over the structural inspections at site, Reinforcement, formwork concrete ETC
Coordinating with Government Department and Client.
Arrangement of resources for job initiation quality control and road production
Construction works of PCC & RCC Miner Structure Like (Culverts, Cattle Creeps) etc.
Field Tests during Concrete work like slump tests, compaction test, temperature & casting of Cylinder for
Compressive Strength with coordinate of laboratory staff
Health and Safety Control on site.
Resource planning for construction activities as per approved schedule.
Ensuring the works are carried out as per approved Method Statement, ITP and shop drawings.
Preparation and review of BOQ and execution of deliverables as per construction plan.
Review all Shop Drawing with site activities
Project Execution as per Contract and Clients Specification
Responsible for all over civil Work inspection
Managing progress and installation activities
Monitoring of progress of the work as per the approved program.
Responsible for keeping As-built records and ensuring the works are executed as per approved drawings.
Followed up on performance indices & prepared monthly progress reports.
Responsible for supervision of the construction activities
Checking of reinforcement as per approved bar cutting schedule, check the adequacy of the farm work, rectifying any apparent mistakes and supervision of pouring concrete. Conducting the inspection and tests of Earthwork, Rock fill, Aggregate
Client and Contractors Management
Coordinated with contractor, client, head office and other utility agencies
Preparation of monthly Progress report and status of deployment of machinery & manpower of contractor
QA/QC and Compliance
Resolved and closed out all non-conformance issues as per Engineers comments. Liaised with site QA/QC Engineer and Safety Supervisor to take preventive and corrective actions
Contractors Billing Review
Review of the monthly progress bills submitted by contractors for accuracy and compliance. Approved the bills as per contracts and actual progress at site.
Claims and Variances Management
Review and approvals of claims and variations submitted my contractor. Proper approval as per contract agreement.
Support to Planning team
Supporting the planning team scheduling team for planning activities (installation, construction, procurement and manpower planning).
Procurement and Logistics coordination
Raising Purchase requests and monitoring of procurement as per site specification
Review of Handing Over and Taking Over Certificate
Arranging the inspection and handing over of installed equipment’s and delivered items.
Preparation of check list for review of defects and planning for repair and maintenance.

Maskan Arabia investment and Real Estate, KSA
Site Manager June -2012 to June -2013
Responsibilities and projects
Architectural Designing 200 Villas at Al-Yasmin Area in Riyadh KSA.
Architectural designing of villas of different size, town planning and execution at site
Responsible for all over the structural & Architectural work at site activities
Execution of Construction works at site as per planning and specification.
Construction works of PCC & RCC Miner Structure work Reinforcement, form work, concrete pouring ETC
Field Tests during Earth Work such as Field Density Test in co-ordination with laboratory staff.
Field Tests during Concrete work like slump tests, temperature & casting of Cylinder for compressive strength with co-ordination of laboratory staff.
Health and Safety Control on site.
Resource planning for construction activities as per approved schedule.
Responsible for the overall Construction activities, Material for site and plants, management of construction teams, Sub contractor, machinery and equipments at site.
Review of daily progress Reports, preparation of next day plan and submission of Reports to the Head office and Consultants.
Road work for 400 villas
Client and Consultants management
Managing all correspondence and attending meetings with Head office, Client and Consultant.
Progress and People Management
Checking the progress of work according to the scheduled program and supervising the activities of all site
Engineers and supervisors.

AL Nabooda Construction dubai UAE
PROJECT ENGINEER FEB 2006 TO MARCH 2011
PROJECTS;
Residential Buildings G+8 & G+12 Dubai, Residential group of villas 200 No at Al Mazar Dubai, Hostel building
Dubai boys Collage G+5, Building G +10 in Jumeriah, Hotel G+5, Maintenance work Dewan Ameer Dubai

Responsibilities
Supervision and Project Execution
Responsible for the overall supervision including civil works management of Site Materials sampling Testing and approvals from Consultants.
Management of Equipments, Staff and materials at Site.
Construction Activities of Box Culverts, Camel Crossing and Under Passes.
Execution of work as per drawings specification and plan to meet the project schedule.
Management of Site teams and finishing work including checking of layout, steel reinforcement, formwork and concrete at site etc
Responsible for Material order and arrange the sub-contractor and manpower for site work
QA/QC and scope management
QA/QC inspections as per approved check sheet, method statement, specification and drawings on site and closing of site inspection notices and NCNs.
Attending concrete trial mixes for approval of design mix supplier.
Progress and Client management
Preparation of progress reports on daily basis to be submitted to the client and consultant.
Checking the Progress of Works according to the Scheduled Program and issuing necessary instructions to the site engineers and supervisors.
Responsible for submission of shop drawings.
Attend all the meetings with client and consultant with Dubai Municipality regarding the work in execution and follow up on approval
Submission of the entire inspection request to the consultant and municipality for the required any inspection at site
Site Installation and construction management
Responsible for monitoring daily activities in the site such to ensure quality of work in compliance with contract requirements, good construction practice, and approve materials to be used in as per shop drawings. Inspection of materials delivered to the site and reporting to client and consultants.
Compliance and Safety
Execution of activities and works in compliance with safety.

Raoul Al Emirates Building Contracting L L C Ajman
Project Engineer Feb 2003 to – Jan 2006
PROJECTS;
Wire House in Free Zone Authority, Masjid & Medical complex, Residential villas 30 No (G+1) Ajman
Residential Building G+8 & G+10, Shopping Mall G+2 in Ajman city, commercial Building G+8 in Ajman

Responsibilities
Supervision and Execution
Responsible for the overall supervision of structure & civil work including execution of job as per shop drawings, checking of layout, steel reinforcement, form work, concrete etc.
Submittals of material/document to ensure execution of work as per specification/manufacturer’s recommendations.
Monitoring and site installation activities
Responsible for monitoring of daily activities in compliance with contract requirements and good construction practice.
Responsible for all concreting works on the site and coordination with consultants for different structural elements.
Documentation and Communication
Organizing the required paper work and office procedures as per requirements.
Billings and payment review with Consultants
Submission of the monthly payment request to the consultant/client
Submission of the entire inspection request to the consultant and Municipality for the build structure.

Three Star Building Cont. Co LLC – Dubai, UAE
Site Engineer Dec 2001 – Jan 2003
PROJECTS;
Residential Villas G+1, (50 No) > Road work for all villas >labor accommodation G+4 at Dubai >
Residential Building G+10&G+8 in Al Quiz area Dubai, >Residential Villas(G+1) 20 No in Dubai Jumeirah

Responsibilities
Supervision and Execution
Responsible for the monitoring daily activities of the site such as to ensure quality of work in compliances with contract requirement, good construction practices, that only approved materials are used in compliance with shop drawings and report about the same to the management.
Responsible for the overall supervision of structure work and finishing work including execution of job
as Par shop drawings, checking of layout, steel reinforcement, form work, block work, plaster, tilling, marble and paint etc.
Subcontracts Management
Follow up with sub-contractor and monitor their works on the site.
Handing Over
Submission of the entire inspection request to the consultants and Municipality for the required structure inspection road inspection.
Client and Consultants Management
Responsible to attend all the meetings with client and consultants.
Responsible for all the site works and dealing with contractors.
Responsible for all over the structural and Architectural & MEP work at site

Personal Data
Date of Birth 14 May 1970.
Driving License Saudi Arabia & Dubai
Marital Status Married
Visa Status Residence Visa transferable iqama
Current Address Saudi Arab Riyadh
Year of experience 18 year
Language English, Arabic, Urdu,
Contact No +966-*********

-Management Client and consultant.
-Managing progress and scheduling.
-BOQ, Tendering & Contract Management.
-Contracts Management.

Contact this candidate
