
Adel Barani
Due to Iran sanctions, European and American experts were not available for analyzer services. Therefore, I have gained a great deal of experience through extensive study, experience and research in a variety of analyzers.
Date of Birth: March 5, 1980 Gender: Male
Marital Status: Married Nationality: Iranian
Mobile Number: +98-919-******* E-mail: adaipz@r.postjobfree.com Address: Empire Building, East Laleh 5th
, West Baghestan, Karaj, Iran
Education:
Associate degree in Electronic Engineering, Department of Electrical Engineering, Islamic Azad University, Mahshahr, Iran (2001-2003).
Bachelor of Science in Control and instrumentation Engineering, Department of Electrical Engineering, Islamic Azad University, Garmsar, Iran (2007-2011). Dissertation:
Pressurized Water Reactor, Advisor: Prof. A.Abharian (2010) Research experiences:
Islamic Azad University, Garmsar, Iran
Advisor: Prof. A.Abharian Researching about Pressurized Water Reactor Structures (2010) Islamic Azad University, Garmsar, Iran
Advisor: Prof. A.Abharian Researching about sensor types in PWR industries (2010) Specialized courses and trainings:
Cementing Operation Coarse in oil & gas exploration and Extraction Industry Training Department of Schlumberger oil company, Tehran, Iran (2003).
Coiled Tubing Operation Coarse in oil & gas exploration and Extraction Industry Middle East Training Center of Schlumberger oil company, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia (2004). Configuration and Maintenance of Siemens GC (MAXUM II) Coarse in Piramoon Workshop at Qeshm Island.
Design of Sampling Systems and Maintenance of Oxygen Analyzers Course in Dr.Thidig Factory at Berlin, Germany.
GC MAXUM-II Advanced Siemens Coarse in PiramoonCo. Iran-Tehran (2018) Computer skills:
Engineering software: completely dominant with Matlab, Work Bench General software: completely dominant with Visual Basic, Microsoft Office Languages skills:
Persian: Speaking, Listening, Reading, Writing, Native English: Speaking, Listening, Reading, Writing, Advanced Level Arabic: Speaking, Listening, Reading, Writing, Advanced Level Work experiences:
o Working at Piramoon System Company as Service Manager and head of engineering team. I am completely involved in how to design, integrate an appropriate on-line analysis system for industries of Oil, Gas, Petrochemicals and Power Plant. My team and I Pre-check, FAT, SAT, Maintenance and repair the measurement systems. I also run multiple training courses on operation and maintenance of the analyzers. (2011-since now). Training courses I taught:
Different analyzer training courses for my team and increased their efficiency up to 50%
More than 7 training courses for Client Specialists in SIEMENS MAXUM II GC
More than 15 training courses for Client Specialists in SIEMENS CGA
4 general training courses in design the sampling system for Gas/Liquid online analyzer. o Working at Mahna Farayand Company as a Service Manager in Pharm. Industry (2008-2011) o Working at Bandar Emam Petrochemical Company as a Senior Service Engineer. (2004- 2008)
o Working at Schlumberger Oil Company as a supervisor for Cementing Operation for a year and as a supervisor for Coiled Tubing Operation at oil wells (2002-2004). Technical expertise
o Detailed familiarity with the method of measurement, the operation, maintenance of online analyzers in the oil, Gas and Petrochemical industry Especially SIEMENS as CGA analyzers and MAXUM II. (Experience with other brands such as ABB, YOKOGAWA, SICK and GALVANIC…)
o Detailed familiarity with the method of measurement, the operation, maintenance of instrumentation devices. (ABB, Siemens, ROSEMOUNT…) o Detailed familiarity with industrial networks such as HART and Modbus, Fieldbus ... also PLC programming.
o Detailed familiarity with the method of measurement, the operation, maintenance of measuring devices and analyzers in Pharmaceutical industry. (Pharmatest, Hach, …) o Detailed familiarity with the method of measurement, the operation, maintenance of Lab. analyzers and devices in the oil, Gas and Petrochemical industry. o Detailed familiarity with the method of measurement, the operation, maintenance of Gas Chromatograph analyzers. (SIEMENS, ABB, ROSEMOUNT…) o Detailed familiarity with the method of measurement, the operation, maintenance of Water Quality analyzers. (ABB, Siemens, MICHELL, Rosemount …)

Contact this candidate
