
adaidb@r.postjobfree.com 813-***-****
A Certified Scrum Master offering a proven record of success leading all phases of diverse
technology projects and computer programming experience. Expert in agile and waterfall project
management methodologies. Known for ability to produce high-quality deliverables that meet or
exceed timeline and budgetary targets
EXPERTISE
Custom Software Development Cross-Functional Supervision
Database Design (RDBMS) Team Building &amp; Mentoring
Systems Engineering Client Relations &amp; Presentations
System Migrations/Integrations Business &amp; IT Planning
Requirements Analysis ROI Analysis
Costing &amp; Budgeting Process Improvement and Reengineering
Project Scheduling

Technical Proficiencies
Programming language VBA [Excel Macro, Excel functions, Access], Visual Basic, VB.Net,

Robotic Process Automation

Software Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Project), SQL, and

SharePoint, Visual Studio, Automation Anywhere, UI Path

Tools VSTO, Visio
Source Controls Perforce, SVN, Visual Source Safe, JIRA
Professional Experience
Axelon: Tampa US
Citi - Financial Risk and Operations – Reengineering
Application Programming Expert Jun 2015 – Sept 2017
GBCS: Tampa US
Citi - Financial Risk and Operations – Reengineering
Application Programming Expert Sept 2014 – Dec 2014
Accomplishment during tenure: -
Performed the task of planning, conducting, and supervising assignments.
Defined processes and tools best suited to each project. Moved between agile and waterfall
approaches depending on project specifics and client goals, creating detailed project road
maps, plans, schedules and work breakdown structures.
Played a major role in designing, developing, and implementing solutions.
Reengineered internal processes with leadership alignment, cross training new teams,
creating process and technical documentation.
Worked closely with operations teams to obtain requirement and project sign-off.

Robotic Process Automation Analyst: Oct 2016 – Sept 2017
Accomplishment during tenure: -
Work with business stakeholders and Reengineering team to source potential projects for
automation and understand the productivity impact of the automation and calculate financial
impact and return on investment.
Shadow current state process capture, recommend and implement process re-engineering to
support automation, and Use Case creation.
Review automation output, recommend optimizations and manage testing and sign-off of
automated solutions with business stakeholders and the RPA developers.
Knowledgeable and adheres to all information technology security protocols and procedures.
Develop and document best practices for operating software robots.
Enhanced technical knowledge through development with the Automation Anywhere tool.
Results: Successfully managed relationships between various business partners to fully meet their
business process and change management needs. This included ad hoc reporting, defining methods &amp;
procedures and best practices. Provided post implementation results as required by reengineering team to
save FTE cost and time reduction.

ImageNet LLC: Tampa US
Wellcare
Application Developer April 2014 – June 2014
Accomplishment during tenure: -
Designing, coding and debugging application in Microsoft technologies [Access VBA, SQL].
Software Analysis, code analysis, requirement analysis and software review.
Responsible for loading, extracting and validation of client data.

Tieto Technologies: Pune India
Nordea Bank
Project Manager: Mar 2011 - Feb 2013
Accomplishment during tenure: -
Weekly/ Monthly reports to Delivery manager, Onsite managers.
Collaborated with onsite managers for project management activities, development team to
identify and resolve issues, coordinate system requirements, and create project timelines.
Influence team members to work on advance development skills.
Mid-year and annual appraisals for team.
Lead Software Engineer: Oct 2009 – Feb 2013
Accomplishment during tenure: -
Requirement Analysis for new implementation and Client Interaction for a front-end card
generation system built in classic ASP and SQL.
Designing, developing and implementing new functionality using classic ASP and SQL.
Wrote validation test cases for the new software team and performed functional, regression,
deployment, and integration testing.
Was responsible to maintain Technical Documentation.
Results: 100% project completion on time while meeting strict timelines and stakeholder requirements.
Development of new processes and procedures to improve existing services, or to assist in deploying new
support services.
Was promoted to Team manager within 2 years of joining as a Team Lead position.

Early Career
Credit Pointe Technologies: Pune India
BrightLeaf Law Firm Senior Software Developer Mar 2009 – Oct 2009
Capgemini Pune India
Morgan Stanley Senior Software Developer Mar 2007– Jan 2009
Synechron Technologies Pune India
Asurion Insurance Software Developer Jun 2006 – Mar 2007
Aspect Ratio Pune India
Jet Airways / Sanofi Aventis Pharma Software Developer Feb 2004 – June 2006

Accomplishment during tenure: -
Participate in Requirement Analysis and Client Interaction.
Develops and implements cost savings and performance improvement processes
Preliminary technical analysis for Office 2007 and VSTO suit and data gathering.
Migrate existing VBA code to C#. As part of the migration of VBA code from Office 2003 to
Office 2007 and use of VSTO we had to analyse existing 2003 code for Excel, Access and
Word VBA. VBA code was further migrated to C#.Net using VSTO [Visual Studio tools for
Office] with new added functionalities.
Manipulating, organising, cleansing &amp; processing complex data using Excel pivot, lookup
functions. Develop, maintain and execute daily, weekly and monthly reports.
Write Excel VBA code to automate data analysis templates. This included extracting data
from SQL / MS Access database, code to use excel functions to prepare analysis on the raw
data and put them in the templates to get output in the desired format with automated
graphical representation

Results: Achieved seamless migrations and integrations that were transparent to client customers,
accomplished with no unscheduled downtime. Received twice “Employee of the Month” recognition within
short span of joining the organisation.

Education and Credentials
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science PUNE University, India
NCFM Certification: NSE India [Basic Module].
Certified .Net professional.
Certified Scrum Mater.
RPA Automation Anywhere [Basic and Advance Trainings].

Contact this candidate
