
RÉSUMÉ
CIVIL ENGINEER WITH PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATION MMUP- Reg. No: 13853.
Karthikeyan.K
*/**-* ****** *****,
Verapandi Privu,
Press colony post,
Coimbatore, Pin Code- 641019
E-mail: adaig4@r.postjobfree.com

Phone: +91-999*******
Skype ID : karthikeyan.krishnan86
Profile Summary:
I would like to present myself as a Civil Engineer with a predominant Experience in Various field of Civil work such Under Ground Metro (Top Down Method and Bottom UP Method), Power plant, Both Residential and commercial Building.
In short my profile can be summarized as follows Current organization is Ahmedabad Metro Rail Phase-01as Section Engineer In Aecom for 4 Months; 1 Year Chennai Metro Rail Design & construction of Under Ground Tunnel Phase-02; Design and construction of Under Ground Metro Rail 3 Year in Qatar Gold Line Metro, Under Ground Metro Rail 3 year in Chennai Metro Phase -01; 1 Year 6 Month of experience in Power plant mainly Coal Handling Unit and 2 years in Execution of Residential block and Multistoried Quarters Construction and Individual Residential Villas.
In Addition the Projects That I have undertaken have horned my skills in building a strong working relationship
With the clients And Collogues, giving instruction to building workers and ensuring the quality process from Start to the Finish.

Software Exposure:
Auto Cad- 2006;
M.S Office;
Stadd Pro 2005.

Experience Details:

Company : Aecom
Designation : Senior Engineer
Duration : 3rd April 2019 to Till Date.
Project Details : Design and Construction of Under Ground Station for Ahmedabad Metro Rail Phase-01.
Detailed study of the GFC drawings & specifications to report the discrepancies if any to Construction Manger.
Calculation of quantities wrt GFC drawings & Assisting Commercial / Contract Manager.
Review & Check Shop Drawings & advise comments to PM/ CM.
Ensure timely handing over of work front from one contractor to other.
Record deliveries of materials by contractor and update CM / Planning Manager on day to day basis.
Verifying all BBS received from site contractors & assist CM.
Inspection works on day to day basis.
Coordinate with contractor & advise CM for clarification of any missing / required information.
Checking and signed off set- outs, Steel reinforcement, Shuttering, concreting, water proofing works & coordinate with MEP team for any installation of MEP elements.
Get conduct field quality test as per quality plan maintain complete record of tests. Provide records to CM

Company : CMRL
Designation : Site Engineer
Duration : 1st December 2017 to 06th March 2019
Project Details : Design and Construction of Under Ground Station for Chennai Metro Rail Phase-02.
Soil Investigation Works location feasibility to identify and obstruction to clear for the work to start.
Prior to the start of the works we need to coordinate with all the relevant Authorities to check for any services in side our premises If any found need to get the clearance and Divert if Required and Protect them Prior to start of Works commencement.
Utility Identification and Diversion of the Same in Accordance to the Structure location and Design Approval from the Authorities.
Track Works Monitoring laying of the first stage Concrete inside the tunnel.
Track Rail Fixing and final Stage Concrete along with the alignment checking.
Preparation of Daily Progress Report along with the delay report if any in consideration to the project time line.
Company : ALYSJ JV
Designation : Execution Engineer
Duration : 1st November 2014 to 30th November 2017
Project Details : Design and Construction of Under Ground Station for Qatar Metro Rail.
Client : Q-Rail
Nature of Experience: BOTTOM UP METHOD OF CONSTRUCTION FOR THE UNDER-GROUND STATION
Prior to the start of the works we need to coordinate with all the relevant Authorities to check for any services in side our premises If any found need to get the clearance and Divert if Required and Protect them Prior to start of Works commencement.
Utility Identification and Diversion of the Same in Accordance to the Structure location and Design Approval from the Authorities.
Main part of the job is to study the general notes and with respect to it see that work is executed as denoted.
Correlate the Design Drawing with all Mechanical, Electrical, and Plumbing work accordingly.
Preparation of all the relevant IRE (Inspection Request) and Relevant Documentation Works and Co-ordinate them with the QC and Document Control Team through Aconex.
If incurred any site Difficulties, we need to raise Quires to the Design Team Also we Submit our Proposal Base on The Site Feasibility to check with the DesignTeam.
Execution of all the Structural Works and Architectural works along with the relevant structures (Which includes the preparation of area tying the rebar; Pouring of Concrete; Block works & Painting as per drawing and getting approval of the same with the Client.)
Also maintain a good relationship with both client and contractor to get the work done smoothly and properly.
Once the Structural Works are Executed as per the DWG then closed the IRE check the Sub –Contractor Billing Quantity if Applicable.

Company : Afcons Infrastructures
Designation : Execution Engineer
Duration : 1st December 2011 30th October 2014
Project Details : Design and Construction of Under Ground Station for Chennai Metro Rail.
Client : CMRL
Consultant : EMBY
Nature of Experience: TOP DOWN METHOD OF CONSTRUCTION FOR THE UNDER GROUND STATION
Main part of the job is to study the general notes and with respect to it see that work is executed as denoted.
Correlate the Design Drawing with all Mechanical, Electrical, and Plumbing work accordingly.
Guide Wall Construction.
Looking after D- Wall Cage Fabrication for High Court Station.
Construction of Diaphragm wall starting from grabbing, cage lowering and finally concreting the same.
Preparation of RFI and Documentation related to rebar Fabrication and casting the same.
Execution of all the level slabs namely Roof, Concourse and Base Slab (Which includes the preparation of area tying the rebar as per drawing and getting approval of the same with the Client for concreting.)
Also maintain a good relationship with both client and contractor to get the work done smoothly and properly.
Preparation of Reconciliation statement and billing for the sub contractor.
Verify the drawing received in site as per the design drawing and then distribute it to the sub-contractor for execution and monitor the same closely.
Bring out our innovative ideas to fasten up our work and get subjections from the experts to expedite the work.
Monitor the time scheduled and work accordingly and stick to the time frame.

Company : ThyssenKrupp Industries India Pvt Ltd
Designation : Technical Assistant Civil
Duration : 1st June 2010 till 28th November 2011
Project Details : 2x600 Mega Watt Thermal Power Plant – Construction of Coal Handling Unit
Client : Coastal Energen
Consultant : TCE
Nature of Experience: Design and Construction of Coal Handling Unit For 2x600 Mega Watt Thermal Power Plant.
Power plant 2x48 Megawatts captive power plant In India Cements from July 2010 to January 2011.
I was in charge for the monitoring Water treatment plant unit, Cooling Tower and ACC Building.
Got Deputed in Tuticorin 2 X 600 Megawatts Mutiara Thermal Power Project.
Our company deals with Coal Handling unit in this Project my responsibility held there is to monitor the civil work.
Provided necessary guidance in precedence of the work.
Make sure everything is executed as per the plan by Compiling data of both mechanical and the civil drawing.
Also monitor the site activities such that they go as per scheduled.
The Coal Handling Unit Comprises of the following Structures Track hopper, Conveyor Tunnels, Ground Conveyor, Conveyor trestle, Pent House, Crusher House, Stacker Cum Reclaimer, Junction Towers, Drive houses, Machine control room and Cable routing Trestle.

Company : Saraswathi Engineering Construction Private Limited.
Desigination : Site Supervisor
Duration : 1st May 2005 till 26th June 2007
Project Details : 420 Quarter Construction for CRPF Avadi
Client : CPWD
Nature of Experience: Construction of 420 Quarters for CRPF Avadi.
I oversaw Six Block write from the site clearance to finishing.
Works relevantly executed in each block. One block consists of 14 quarters one BHK.
Cast in situ pile hand bore with single bulb up to a depth of 3.5m with single, double, triple, six pile group pile cap foundation. Along with pile load testing.
The work also includes planning and execution.
All other works related towards completion including finishing.
Worked as Site Supervisor in V.G.V. Construction Pvt Ltd. (May 2005 – September 2005) Individual housing.
I oversaw two buildings one 2BHK, and 3 BHK.
The work also includes planning and execution.
Worked part time in College for the structural design and planning
Work involved Portal frame analysis with the help of Stadd Pro.
Preparation of plot plan and Structural Drawing for the same.
Going out in the field for SPT Test and Surveying.
Projects done:
In Diploma Design of “Ware House”.
In UG “Utilization of Copper Slag in Concrete and Brick”.
Achievements:
1.Secured First place in the Quiz competition held in P.S.G Inter College Seminar.
2.Secured Second Rank in Diploma.
3.Served the position of Secretary of Civil Engineering Association in Diploma.
4.Participated in many Sports and even secured wining places (Kabbadi, Basketball, and Running.)
5.Worked in the consultancy in civil department during the UG course period. Structural design and drafting. Part time as requested by the Head of the department.
Academic Record:
Course

Board of Examination
Institute Attended
Year of Passing
Performance
X
MATRIC
Breek’s Memorial Anglo Indian Higher secondary School. -Ooty.
2001
75.2%
XII

State Board
Breek’s Memorial Anglo Indian Higher secondary School. -Ooty.
2003
66.5%
DCE
Autonomous
Sri Ramakrishna Vidyalaya. -coimbatore.
2005
94.08%
B.E. Civil
Anna University
Government College of Engineering,Tirunelveli.

2010

74.00%

Personal Profile:

Name :

Karthikeyan.k

Date of Birth :

22-03-1986

Father’s Name :

R.A.Krishnan

Sex :

Male

Language Skills :

English, Tamil, Hindi (to Speak).

Hobbies :

Passport No:

Listening to music, Playing Basketball, Working out in gym

J9477796

Declaration:
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.

Place:

Date: 23 Sep 2019 (Karthikeyan.k)

Contact this candidate
