
Amrutha Preethi P M-Tech Aeronautical (****-**)
Phone no: +91-984*******
E-mail: adaiw7@r.postjobfree.com
Career Objective:
Looking forward to work with a reputable technology driven company where I can contribute and enhance my analytical and problem solving skills to meet personal and organization goals. Educational qualification:
S.No Education Year of
passing
School / College Board /
University
Percentage/
CGPA
attained
1. M. Tech
(Aeronautical)
2019 Hindustan Institute of
Technology and Science
Hindustan
university
8.61/10
2. B.Tech
(Mechanical)
2016 G. Pulla Reddy
Engineering College,
Kurnool
JNTU-
Anantapur
7.68 / 10
3. Intermediate 2012 Masters Junior College,
Kurnool.
Board of
Intermediate
Education, A.P
93.7%
4. SSC 2010 Sri Lakshmi High School,
Kurnool.
Board of
Secondary
education, A.P
89.5%
Executive Summary:
Worked as, Graduate Engineer Trainee (GET) at Hyundai Motor India Engineering (R&D) in Hyderabad – August 2016 to may 2017.
As a “ Design and Analysis “ team member carried work upon Power Train Components
-Engine, Gear Box and Flywheel.
Proficiency Summary:
Has good exposure at the following tools
Solvers: Ansys Fluent, OpenFOAM
Preprocessor: Hypermesh
Modeling tools: CATIA
Programming Languages: MATLAB, Cantera
Others : MS Office, Word, Excel & Power point
Area of Subject Expertise:
M.Tech Courses
Supersonic combustion - rotating detonation engines, Deflagration-to-detonation transition and Propulsion.
B.E Courses
Design of machine elements, Strength of Materials, Thermal Engineering, Fluid Mechanics, Heat Transfer
Projects:
1. Investigations on Continuous Detonation Wave Engines for Propulsion Applications Guide: Dr. V. Ramanujachari, CSIR Bhatnagar Fellow, NCCRD, IIT Madras. Continuous/Rotating detonation wave engines are the new generation pressure gain combustors that can be incorporated in the futuristic propulsive devices. Quasi one-dimensional and two- dimensional analyses are performed on the air breathing system and pre-detonator respectively. 2. Noise Pollution and Its Impact on Human Health and Social Behavior Using Systems Approach-A Case Study in Kurnool City:
Role: Team Leader
Team size: 6
Nowadays we have a lot of noise pollution and it is obvious that noise affects human health. Bronfenbrenner’s ecological systems theory is applied to predict the effect of noise on health and how individual is affected by various systems and vice versa. Published a research paper in the Journal of Civil and Environmental Research.
3. A Six Sigma Approach to Reduce Excess and Obsolete Inventory - A Case Study at Bombay Dyeing Store:
An analysis of excess and obsolete inventory often shows that its major root causes are associated with long lead times, poor forecasting accuracy. In this project we are integrating inventory management and forecasting to reduce costs.
Achievements:
A paper entitled “Numerical Investigations on Deflagration-to-Detonation Transition in a Two Dimensional Duct with Obstructions” is accepted for presentation at 12 th
Asia-Pacific Conference on
Combustion, Japan.
Best paper award for “Tip-to-End Analysis on Rotating Detonation Engines for Propulsion Applications” in National Conference on Aerospace Technologies-2019 at Hindustan Institute of Technology and Science, Chennai.
Best design award for RC Aircraft in “Aerotrix Super Challenge” in regional level.
Participated in the final round of “Aerotrix Super Challenge” (National Level).
Participated in the ‘16
th
National Children’s Science Congress-2008’ in my school. (A Report on Drinking Water Wastage in Kurnool City)
Co-curricular and extra-curricular activities:
Participated in the ‘National Workshop on Detonation Wave Engines’ organized by NCCRD, IIT Madras under the auspices of AR&DB (Propulsion Panel), DRDO and Combustion Institute (Indian Section).
Participated in ‘International Workshop on Detonation Wave Engines-2018’ conducted by Center for Defense Technologies, HITS, Chennai.
Participated in ‘National Entrepreneurship Challenge 2013-2014’ organized by The Entrepreneurship Development cell, IIT Bombay.
Organized events as part of IE (I) mechanical student chapter. Personal details:
Name: P. AmruthaPreethi
Father’s Name: P.SwamyCharan
Mother’s Name: K. Malathi
Date of Birth: 26-09-1994
Language Proficiency: English, Hindi, Telugu
Hobbies: Reading books, Painting, Making Handicrafts Passport: Yes, valid up to 01/06/2026
I consider myself familiar with the above-mentioned aspects. I am also confident of my ability to work in a team. I hereby declare that the information furnished is true to the best of my knowledge. Amrutha Preethi P
Hyderabad

Contact this candidate
