
CURRICULUM VITAE
MUHAMMAD ISMAIL ALVI
Yanbu Saudi Arabia
Mob: +966-**-*******
Email: adai3o@r.postjobfree.com
Skype: ismail_alvi +966*********)

Post Applied for: Accommodation Supervisor
Career Objective
Leverage on the superior professional training and hand on exposure in the hospitality industry to seek a challenging assignment. To work for a progressive organization which could provide me with the opportunity of having a continuous growth and achieving company’s objectives?

SUMMARY

Possess highly polished communication, interpersonal, leadership and coaching skills.
Ambitious, Career driven, Innovative and have the ability to stimulate new ideas.
Flexible and thrive in atmosphere demanding excellence, autonomy and string in team building skills.

Academic Qualification
B.com from university of the punjab
F.S.C Pre Eng from Punjab collage
S.S.C in Science Subjects from Rawalpindi
Diploma in Maintenance Engineering RAC from Khyber institute of technical skills
English Language from National University of Modern Languages, (numl) Islamabad, Pakistan.

Certification

Certificate of appreciation from Tanajib Plant
Computer course from Khyber institute of professional skill,
Certificate of Elementary Food Hygiene from Towers Rotana Hotel Dubai
Certificate from Dubai sports zone
First Aid certificate form britam Defense UAE
First Aid & BLS certificate from HATC Kingdom of Saudi Arabia

Work Experience
Working as Accommodation Officer at Sendan International LTD Saudi Arabia from May 2016 to present

Projects.
Tanajib Sour Gas Handling and Compression by Saudi Aramco
Yanbu National Petrochemical (Yansab) by Saudi Aramco

Responsibilities
Responsible for the administration and full management of the employee accommodation premises
To conduct regular inspections of all employee housing including inside and outside areas to ensure proper cleaning and maintenance, i.e. flats, recreation rooms, gym, swimming pool, store rooms, public areas, etc.
To coordinate with the accommodation Engineering Team on repairs and maintenance follow up.
To coordinate the Housing Attendant schedules for all employee housing.
To ensure through effective supervision that all services offered in accommodation are always available, and are carried out with the utmost efficiency and courtesy
To have a close liaison with the Housing Attendant and Security guards in monitoring the visitor register and visiting hours
Ensure high level of customer service is emphasized at all levels
Carry out all supervisory responsibilities in accordance with the company policies and procedures
Develop policies and procedures as needed
Review staff requirements and participate in recruiting activities, training and scheduling of personnel
Provide staff performance reviews and resolve employee problems
Ensure drivers are performing all of their necessary tasks and responsibilities
Maintain frequent contact with management staff and employees
Participate in short and long term market strategy development and implementation
Provide checks and balances
Assist in the development and use of budget/fiscal and inventory control programs
Ensure all administrative requirements are completed in a timely manner Mentor and assist employees
Ability to maximize utilization of equipment and personnel while ensuring equipment and people are adherent to
To insure that all the vehicle are in good working condition
To insure of making drivers roaster as daily requirement
To ensure that all reports, invoices and correspondences are completed punctually and accurately. Ensure implementation of company rules and process.
To review the annual operating budget and costs of his location.
To ensure the cleanliness, maintenance and the general appearance of rooms and public areas as per standards of the company.
To ensure that all the Food Production areas are managed efficiently, menus planned in line with food cost.
To ensure that correct operating standards are adhered to.
To handle and present all staff complaints, requests and enquiries.
Verifies frequently that raw materials are of high quality & manage stocks correctly.
To monitor all maintenance personnel in the performance of their duties.
To delegate duties and responsibilities.
To develop and implement a comprehensive Preventive Maintenance Program including kitchen, laundry, stores and chillers
To inspect the accommodation with particular attention on detective or deficient life safety features and to observe closely the condition of all operating equipment.
To control and monitor closely all utility consumption, and to ensure optimum energy usage by all
Meetings with client representative.
To ensure that all the accommodation assets are properly tagged and updated in ERP system
Arranging mess committee meeting every month
Check and balance with all the accommodation and store items
To ensure that all employee have a complete understanding of and adhere to the Policies relating to Fire, Hygiene and Safety.
To receive all incoming employees on their arrival date and brief and orientate them to their new home accordingly
Ensures smooth and effective communication between Human Resources department and employee accommodation
To carry out any other reasonable duties and responsibilities as assigned
Negotiating contracts with private landlords, e.g. for accommodation off
Camps or off site, and preparing relevant documentation.

Worked as Staff Housing and Employee Relations Officer at Grand Excelsior Hotel Al barsha Dubai UAE from Nov 2010 to March 2013

Responsibilities
Manage and maintain high standard of cleaning and hygiene
Provided for the staff, from allocation of consumables, laundry, electricity, water and other necessities to ensure they are satisfied while using the accommodation faculties.
Set camp and accommodation policy and procedures, maintain up-to-date data base for the residence and ensure equate back charging and cost allocation is made in a timely and accurate manner.
Maintain adequate recreation and sporting facilities and develop and run social and sport activities to create dialogue and friendly atmosphere in the accommodation.
Ensure proper control measures are maintained and appropriately handle disputes and solve differences as they occur.
Clearances are strictly adhered to. Report abuse and misuse and ensure disciplinary action is taken when necessary.
Ensuring that accommodation is clean, well maintained and attractively presented
Controlling a budget, managing stock and ordering supplies
Arranging laundry and linen supplies
Arranging repairs and maintenance
Training and supervising teams of Housing attendants
Inspecting to ensure that all aspects of the accommodation meet hygiene and health and safety regulations
Planning the availability of accommodation for conference delegates
Supervising the work of cleaning staff and ensuring standards are maintained
Responsible to manage and supervise contracts, contractors and services related to employee accommodation
Able to drive employee engagement and social activities within the employee accommodation
To check and coordinate the pest control in the associates housing and staff locker rooms.
To inspect all linens to ensure that they are being used properly and are in good condition and ensure that all linen is properly stored
To liaise and coordinate with the Transportation Management to ensure that bus transport between the employee housing and Hotel is efficient and affective

Worked as Staff Housing and Employee Facilities Supervisor at Miramar Al Aqah Beach Resorts Fujairah (by Iberotel) 15 Feb 2010 to 23 Nov 2010

Responsibilities
Update regularly the accommodation plan and rooms inventory
Report incidents in the accommodation and report immediately to the human resources department
Handle colleague welfare and concerns related to rooms and privacy
Pick up and drop of a colleague to the airport
Coordinate with outsourced cleaning company to maintain the hygiene standards in order to provide our colleagues a healthy environment
Daily patrol in the accommodation for anything unusual to be noted and reported to the Human Resources Department
Follow up with the purchasing on pending items related to the colleague housing
Update all stores in the accommodation and ensure no shortage of needed items
Arrange rooms for new colleagues as per the SOP’s
Handle and control colleague movements and shifting inside the accommodation
Prepare and maintain up to date inventory lists for all flats and accommodation
To record water and electricity consumption in the associates housing at the end of each month, and to bring to the attention of the Director of HR any irregularities and/or excess consumption.
To assist with the exit formalities of employee`s leaving the services of the company
To be responsible for collection and distribution of all employee mail and invoices to the company
Responsible for looking after the `implementation and administration of policies and procedures for the optimal maintenance and security of the employee accommodation premises
To plan and implement the associates locker allocation in the locker rooms, and to be responsible for all spare associate locker keys.
To organize the employee parties, social and sports activities.
Chair and organize monthly sports and social activity committee meetings
To maintain and update all employee relations and employee housing communication and notice boards.
To ensure the timely removal of sewage, if applicable to the property
To monitor the cleanliness and upkeep of the associates dining room
To have full knowledge of the associates housing safety & emergency procedures.
Worked as Staff Accommodation AC & General Maintenance Technician at Tower Rotana Hotel, Dubai, U.A.E from Dec 2007 to February 2010

Worked as Staff Housing and Maintenance Supervisor at Perl Continental Hotel Murree Pakistan from Dec 2004 to July 2007.

Training Skills
Employees Orientation
Employee Trainings
House Keeping
Laundry
Security
Engineering (Building Maintenance, fire and safety, Electrical, Plumbing Air conditioning)

INTERPERSONAL SKILLS
Patience, creative and dedicated
Good relationship builder
Work as a team mate
Sense of responsibilities
Look for new ideas
Honesty
Self confidence

GCC driving License issued from Dubai UAE
GCC driving license issued from Saudi Arabia

Personal Profile

Passport No : GR1793303
Nationality : Pakistani
Date of Birth : 23.05.1982
Marital status : Married
Visa Status : Working Visa
Languages Known : English, Arabic, Urdu, Hindi.

Contact this candidate
