
Amrita Acharya
Experienced software professional with demonstrated history of building
and leading software products and applications, using a broad range of technologies.
*** ******* ****
Toronto, ON M5P 3N2
778-***-****
adaikb@r.postjobfree.com
EXPERIENCE
Reev AI Inc, Toronto - Canada — Co-Founder
Sep 2018 - Sep 2019
● Expanded and outlined the product vision from an initial concept of automated voice based assessments.
● Created the product roadmap from the overall vision and managed the project timelines.
● Set lean development processes and sprint cycles to suit a small technical team.
● Streamlined the deployment process using Google Kubernetes Engine.
● Managed and optimized the project expenses to keep the burn rate to minimum.
● Product(s) worked on - InterviewParrot : a smart interview assistant Apttus, Ahmedabad - India — Technical Manager
Apr 2017 - Mar 2018
● Accountable for technical implementation and delivery of custom Apttus solutions for EMEA and Asia Pacific clients.
● Led cross functional teams of 30+ members including technical leads, software developers and quality assurance engineers.
● Evaluated and implemented software development and QA best practices to better the solution quality and reduce project slippages.
● Hired and grew the team three folds in a span of one year.
● Proposed and helped implement changes in the organization structure to accommodate growing team sizes.
● Product(s) led - Apttus CPQ, CLM custom solutions. Apple Leisure Group, Seattle - USA — Senior Software Consultant
Feb 2015 - Feb 2016
● Designed and implemented web services for a unified travel search and booking platform to support the end- customers, travel agents and call center reservation agents, for a resort management and travel distribution company.
MANAGEMENT SKILLS
Team Management
Project Management
Resource Planning
TECHNICAL SKILLS
JAVA
SpringBoot
HTML/CSS/Bootstrap
SQL/RDBMS
Google Cloud Platform
Kubernetes
REST APIs
Agile Methodologies
Data Structures &
Algorithms
TOOLS
Git
JIRA/Trello
Confluence
MS Office
Google Analytics
● Designed the database schema to support the services. Used both sql and nosql data storages.
● Integrated with global travel data providers such as TravelPort and Sabre to fetch and update travel data, using SOAP APIs.
● Worked closely with product owners to identify and prioritize feature requests, based on technical feasibility and business value.
Intuit, Bangalore- India — Senior Software Engineer Nov 2011 - Feb 2014
● Implemented the design for globalization of the company’s flagship online accounting software - QuickBooks Online. The cloud solution was released in more than 100 countries.
● Owned the data architecture for supporting the localization requirements such as country specific sales tax and formatting.
● Owned the development of key product features like electronic Invoicing and business snapshot reporting.
● Product(s) worked on - QuickBooks Online
Amazon, Hyderabad- India — Software Development Engineer Apr 2010 - Sep 2011
● Led the implementation of an invoice handling solution for the internal business processing team.
● Worked with internal business stakeholders to identify and prioritize user requirements and internal back-end requirements, then implemented the solution through an iterative process.
● Initiated the use of scrum methodology in the team to track project deliverables.
● Part of the team that managed the automated systems for processing of 20+ billion dollars of payments to the Worldwide Amazon Vendors.
● Devised new reporting products that sped the financial reconciliation process and reduced operational burden.
Previous Experience,India -Software Engineer
Aug 2005 - Mar 2010 (Multiple Companies)
EDUCATION
Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad - India — Post Graduate Programme for Executives
Mar 2016 - Mar 2017
Full-time Residential General Management Programme Ranked in the top quartile of the class.
Goa College of Engineering, Goa - India — Bachelor of Engineering in Information Technology
May 2001 - Apr 2005
First Class Honors with Distinction

Contact this candidate
