
Julion Albert A. Perez
Registered Mechanical Engineer
Purok 3 Calicanto, Batangas City, Philippines 4200
adaifp@r.postjobfree.com
+639*********

PRC ID NO. : 0101375
OBJECTIVE:
To be employed by a reputable company that offers the very best opportunities where I could practice my knowledge and develop my personality as a career person while utilizing my skills in the field of Mechanical Engineering.

SKILLS:
Self-motivated, initiative, maintains a high level of energy
Tolerant and flexible, adjust to different situation
Competitive achiever
Teamwork skill, work well with others
Proficiency in Microsoft Office and basic AutoCAD

EMPLOYMENT SUMMARY:
Safety Inspector (On-the-Job-Training) April 2015 – June 2015
City Engineers Office, P. Herrera St., Batangas City
Visiting business and industrial premises to inspect processes and procedures and ensure good health and safety practice
Investigating accidents and complaints and determining if there has been a breach of health and safety law
Ensuring workers are provided with suitable protective equipment
Writing reports on results of inspections and investigations and completing detailed paperwork
Developing health and safety working programmes and strategies

QA/QC Engineer (HVAC) September 2017 – January 2018
Carlson Innotech Corporation, Sto. Nino Ave. Phase 4, Tunasan, Muntinlupa City
Maintaining and controlling quality strategies and quality management system.
Ensure that quality control plans as per contractor/client expectations are followed religiously.
Identify problems and implement solutions to achieve objectives of the projects.
Review and approve documentation and reports, contractor audits and other official reports to keep as final records.

Field Engineer (Insulation & Scaffolding) February 2019 – August 2019
CJI General Services, San Pascual Danglayan Batangas City
Representative of Project Manager to Manage project at the workplace.
Inspecting the work of individual worker as per contract specifications.
Report the daily progress of the project.
Monitoring of materials that installed and remain.

EDUCATION SUMMARY:
Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering
Golden Gate Colleges, Batangas City
March 2016
TRAININGS/SEMINARS:
Basic Occupational Safety and Health (BOSH)
Jemaena’s Cuisine, Pallocan West, Batangas City
February 25-28, 2016

CNC Machine Programming and Operation
TESDA IV – A Regional Training Center
P. Herrera St., Batangas City
October 24, 2015

RECOGNITION:

Outstanding performance in the sports and athletics field
Golden Gate Colleges
A.Y: 2015-2016

CHARACTER REFERENCES:

Engr. Reynaldo Dimayacyac
Dean, College of Engineering and Technology
Contact No.: 723-2663/ 723-2077/ 723-2471

Engr. Jaime Macuha
Faculty, College of Engineering and Technology
Contact No.: +639*********

Rhonabeth Suarez
Brgy. Councilor, Calicanto Batangas City
Contact No.: 723-5572

I hereby declare that the above information given by me is true to best of my knowledge and belief.

Engr. Julion Albert A. Perez

Contact this candidate
