
Karthikeyan.S Email: adaipj@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile: 996-***-****

Career Objective:
Seeking a Challenging position in a leading corporate entity to work in an innovative and competitive world where I can enhance my skill, strength and contribute to success of organization.
Performance driven and achieved a few goals and training my skills to achieve more.

Professional Experience:
Organization Name : Spectrum Electra Technology
Organization Profile : Electronic products manufacturing.
Designation : Production Engineer.
Duration : 1st September 2010 - Till Now.

Responsibilities

Planning & assisting the manufacturing team
Troubleshooting the defaulted circuits
Expertise in Semantic and PCB implementing
Analyzing the requirement of the customer and planning the production time line
Designing & implementing the circuits according to customer need
Managing a team of 15 and Assigning the production work for the team members
Expertise in Arcade software used for designing the circuits
Basic knowledge in Transformer designing

Organization Name : Sastha Auto Tex
Organization Profile : Horn Tools Manufacturing
Designation : Supervisor
Duration : August 2009 to March 2010

Responsibilities

Skills in horn tools manufacturing
Supervising the team and managing the work

Education Qualification:
Bachelor Degree

Sree Sastha Institute of Eng. & Tech.
B.E – ECE with 66%

Diploma

Latha Madhavan Polytechnic
DECE - 89%

Higher Secondary

Govt. Boys Higher Sec. School - 53%

SSLC

Govt. Higher Sec. School – 68%

Academic Project:
Project Title : Voice Control through Machine
Project Duration : 3 Months

DESCRIPTION
Through Microcontroller the machines can be controlled by voice. We can control all the electronics, even house hold things like fan, lights etc. And we can implement the same for corporate organizations also to control AC, system etc.

Project Title : Submarine Navigation of Catamaran in the Brim Using Wireless Tech.
Project Duration : 3 Months

DESCRIPTION
Using the wireless technology, when the fishing boat crosses the particular border it indicates the boat that they crossed the border.

CO-Curricular Activities:
Conducted National level Symposium.
Assisted for the conduction of Seminars and Symposiums
Completed DCA degree in TALLY
Completed Typewriting in first class

Computer Proficiency:
Operating Systems : Windows 98/XP/Vista/7
Office Tools : Microsoft Office-2007/2010
Packages : TALLY
Type Writing : First Class

Areas of Interest:

Digital Electronics
microcontroller
Circuits

Personal Skills:
Able to deal with people hard work with confidence, honestly and helpful mentality
A good Team Leader
Reasonably Good communicational skills
Confident, Trustworthy and Loyal
Optimistic, Smart working, Flexible and Ambitious
Quick learner
Can adapt myself to situations

Personal Profile:
Full Name : S. Karthikeyan
Date of Birth : 02.06.1986
Address : Manappacheri Post,
Melur TK,
Madurai – 625103.
Languages Known : English and Tamil (Read, Write and Speak)
Nationality : Indian
Passport No : L2318584
Date of Issue : 06/06/2013
Date of Expiry : 05/06/2023

Declaration:
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

[KARTHIKEYAN.S]

Contact this candidate
