
Subbalaxmi Putcha
Phone: 437-***-**** adaiuq@r.postjobfree.com Toronto, ON

Subbalaxmi has a great blend of technical and QA skills with 6 years of experience in Media/Web/Mobile/Banking applications. She is a quick learner with strong analytical, communication and leadership skills to enable clients deliver strategic initiatives on time, within budget and scope.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

General Tools : Microsoft Office Word, Excel, PowerPoint

Project Specific Tools: HP ALM-v11, Selenium Web Driver, Bugzilla, JDK 12.0.2, Webservice - SOAP UI, Slack,
SQL Server 2012, CRM- Salesforce, Google Borg system, Map Maker (USA, UK, Canada)

Operating Systems : Win NT/2000/XP/7,10

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

A quick learner with breadth of knowledge and hands-on experience in:
Working as a Free Lancer on diverse projects (50+) inclusive of Mobile Apps, Web Banking and Product Testing has enhanced testing skills by manifolds.
Experience with Automation of Regression Test cases using SOAP API.
Experienced in Design and development of Automation Framework using Selenium Web Driver.
Experienced in publishing Key Performance Metrics for testing.
Experience with executing manual testing (happy path and negative testing; documentation of test case steps)
Participated in the Agile project structure (estimation, tasking, attending planning, tasking, and Scrum meetings).
“Hands on” web-based projects with AGILE, Waterfall and Hybrid approach.
Reported defects through the HP ALM (HP ALM ticket story, and following the ticket workflow)
Communicate clearly and concisely between developers and the client (Scrum, HP ALM tickets, written test plan documents)
Collaborated with development team to create test cases with detailed coverage for all layers of the system (GUI, web service APIs, and database)
Depth knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), understanding various phases like Requirements, Analysis/Design, Development, Testing and Deployment Reporting bugs and helping programmers to fix the bugs.
Implementation of Different Testing Techniques like Boundary value analysis, Equivalence partitioning.
Experience on different types of testing like Black box, Functional, Security, Usability, SIT and Regression

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Freelance-Applause App Quality, Inc (UTest) May’16- Jan’18
Tester ID- 301826

Worked on over 50’s of projects in Mobile/web/Banking sectors with over 200+ bugs filed in various platforms.
Involved in esteem Amazon Alexa Product testing for the state of Ohio
Tested various Mobile Apps like “Tastemade” “Science Journals” “Google Music” “Vivid Seats” “Fantasy Football” and various others.
Filed the highest number high severity bugs on several web-based applications (Medical, Shopping and Banking)
Marked as a “Favorite Tester” by 2 Project owners

Verizon Data Services India, Hyderabad Team: 50+ March’12 –Aug’14
Analyst
Gathered requirements for 100+ business process and developed BRD with all the gathered requirements along with the scope, assumptions, key objectives, business process, quality metrics, costs and project completion criteria.
Participated in brainstorming for all requirement and design reviews.
Lead the Test Scenario walkthrough for two modules with client and other stakeholders.
Created Test Strategy and Test Plans with execution of 80+ test cases.
Creation of defects and tracking it to closure
As a POC took knowledge transfer sessions for Asset Manager and Order Management modules.
Mentored a team of 2 in ramping up in the project and successfully delivered the modules as per business requirement
Provided support to tech and business development teams in investigating issues after first implementation and
helped resolve them.
Was awarded “Star Performer of VDMS” for leading “Asset Manager” module successfully.

Verizon Data Services India, Hyderabad Team: 40+ May’11 –March’12
Software Engineer
Developed High Level Test Cases based on the Functional Design Specifications or other supporting documents.
Performed Gap Analysis of Requirements
Involved in Test Scenario, Test Case and Traceability Matrix preparation.
Bug Reporting and tracking it to closure
Handled Test Results Documentation, Daily and weekly status report preparation
Regression Testing and Dry Runs
Attend Cross-Application training to enhance the domain and End-to-End knowledge

Rofous Software Private Ltd, Hyderabad Team :20+ Apr’10 - May’11
Software Test Engineer
Project successfully launched for US and for East Canada states across all platforms. (Mobile and GPS)
Gathered data for creating 100+ Test cases for challenging countries like Canada.
Was Accountable for keeping Track of the assigned issues, QC rejected and auto rejected issues of the labelers.
Was a part of very esteem Prime Quality Control Member within 6 months.
Handled 4 applications one for each country of USA, UK, Canada, Mexico.
Was a part of Bug-tracking and Bug reporting team for challenging countries like Canada and Mexico.
Lead the team of 7 labelers over client calls and e-mails.
Received “Best Labeler” title for two consecutive moths (Jan’11 and Feb’11)

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Technology - Electronics and Communication Engineering 2009
Mody Institute of Technology and Science, Rajasthan, India

VOLUNTEER

Isha Foundation (Non-Profit Organization), USA

Contact this candidate
