
R GOPALSAMY
Present address:-
Site No.*,postal colony, Thoppamtti,Thudiyalur,K.Vadamadhurai (Po),
Coimbatore-Dist,Pin-641 017
E-Mail: adaikx@r.postjobfree.com;adaikx@r.postjobfree.com
SKYPE ID:gopalsamy.r1
Contact No: 967-***-****,

Health &safety Engineer
OBJECTIVE: Seeking middle management assignment in the domains of maintenance and safety with a progressive engineering organization in India /abroad.
PROFILE:
Graduate Engineer awarded by Govt. Of India (Indian Navy) and an MBA with gratifying experience of 15 years with the Indian Navy- one of the best organized defence forces in the world.
Skilled in application of preventive, planned and corrective maintenance concepts on wide range of machines & equipments to maximize operational availability thereof. Adept in regulating availability of spares to meet routine and emergency maintenance needs.
Demonstrated competencies ensuring total adherence to safety systems and procedures through awareness sessions, mock drills and other activities.
Hands on experience in providing comprehensive administrative support in terms of procurement of office inputs, security, facilities management, horticulture and allied activities.
Fully conversant with entire range of HR related activities including performance management, discipline, employee welfare, training & development.
Effective team leader, trainer and motivator with fine tuned analytical and troubleshooting skills. Excellent verbal and written communication.

Key Strength Areas

● Safety Management ● Preventive/ Corrective Maintenance ● Break Down Solutions
● Fault Diagnosis ● Spares Management ●Administration ● Facilities Management
● HRM/Training ● Safety Awareness/ Mock Drills ● Leadership ● Cross Functional Coordination

WORK EXPERIENCE:
Safety & Maintenance Engineer
Indian Navy Aug 1995 – Aug 2010
Contributed technical expertise and in providing comprehensive maintenance support to wide range of machines and equipments.
Implemented preventive, planned and predictive maintenance to minimize downtime and enhance service life of machines while working on board ships and onshore engagements.
Conducted root cause of failures and evolved quick resolutions of the issues to put the equipment back in operation.
Mapped consumption pattern of spares and ensured availability of reasonable inventory of spares to address maintenance calls.
Documented maintenance solutions of various machines and effectively utilized them to resolve maintenance issues.
Ensured observance of safety systems and procedures including fire fighting and minimized occurrence of accidents during work performance.
Generated fire & safety awareness among the employees through counselling sessions and mock drills.
Provided comprehensive administrative support to facilitate office operations. Effectively managed entire facilities & infrastructure, housekeeping, hygiene, arranging office inputs, horticulture and security.
Acquired adequate exposure to entire range of activities relating to Human Resource Management.
Periodically conducted training sessions for team members to keep their skill levels up-to-date.
Various equipments handled for operation and maintenance included- Diesel alternator, watch keeping of turbo alternator, air conditioners, ( 1,2 million) boiler, evaporator, main feed pump, auxiliary feed pump, main engine and all auxiliaries.
Fully acquainted with entire operational aspects of shipping and port management.
Delivered superior performances throughout the career span and earned appreciation of superiors and peers.

Work History:-
I. Terminal safety sr.executive in Lilly Maritime at Mundra from 01 Apr 2011 to oct 2012.Following duties carried out during my previous company as follows,
• Plan, control and implement all activities connected with safe and efficient operation of ships.
• Keep abreast with all regulatory requirements and ensure compliance with the same
• Evaluate deviations from norms and take measures to ensure operation of same, by familiarizing with the fundamental operating concepts of the deck and engine equipments of the vessels.
• Ensure that all items pertaining to the safety and pollution prevention are regularly checked and maintained with the aim of achieving high standards of safe and pollution free voyages.
• Flexibility to work in any office of the company as required by the management and ability to travel at short notice for ship visits and inspections.
• Ensuring compliance with quality standards like ISM, ISO, and OHSAS and monitoring compliance with safety culture and Quality management systems.
• Maintenance and Operation of ship’s Main Engines for shaft power & Main and Auxiliary generating engines for power and distribution.
• Running, operation and maintenance of auxiliary and main boilers, oil fired, controls and instrumentations.
• Ensure all equipment and machinery is operated at the optimum performance.
• Implement corrective action of non-conformities rise at internal and external audits against technical procedures of the Safety Management System (SMS).
• Strive towards ensuring that the vessel clears all PSC inspections, regulatory statutory surveys, Class surveys and vetting with nil deficiency and ensure vessel is maintained in class.

II) Manager Terminal operation/safety in sterling oil exploration and energy production co Ltd at Logos in Nigeria. Dated 01 Feb 2013.

Duties;
Ensuring compliance with all current legislation, codes of practice and relevant standards. Investigate accidents and dangerous occurrences.
Serving as the first responder to and investigator of safety incidents and mishaps.
Maintaining proper records.
Ensuring that equipment is installed correctly and safely.
Preparing reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing regulatory and compliance data and trends.
Making regular site inspections.
Producing concise reports for managers on Health and Safety matters.
Advising Managers, colleagues of safe working practices.
Conducting training courses.
Carrying out safety inspections.
Performing root cause analysis for incident/accident investigations.
Producing risk assessments.
Recording and investigating and accidents or incidents.
Keeping up to date with all new legislation & development in H&S and advising the business of any changes.
Carrying out site safety inductions. Identifying staff training requirements.
Maintaining an audit trail of all H&S documents. Assisting in the documentation of contractual agreements with third party organisations.
Ensuring compliance is maintained.

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

Health and Safety
Ability to communicate and relate well with key opinion leaders and clinical personnel.
Possessing all Relevant Safety Qualification/Certification.
Delivering front line safety education and training.
Serving as a mentor and coach to others.
Safely handling hazardous substances.
Personal
Willing to work a flexible schedule that may occasionally include early or late start times.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Health and Safety Procedures
Clinical Trials
Staff Management
Compliance Issues

EDUCATION: -
Courses Institute Place percentage % or Class
1) Graduation in Engineering. Equal By Indian Navy)
Dated 31 Aug 2010- Indian Navy. 66% 2) Diploma in engineering mechanical (equal) by Ministry of Defence (SRO-303 N0-45 Dated 11 Nov 1972).
Master of Labour Management – Madurai Kamaraj University,
Tamilnadu, Dated Mar 2001(for two year course) 57%
Master Diploma in Business Management –
PPM, New Delhi –Dated Apr 2003(for one year course) 78%
MBA – Alagappa University Tamilnadu, Dated 22.02.11(for two year course) II
DOA – MIIT (Pune) Dated 14 Jun 2007 - 88%
Certificate in Personnel Management & Industrial Relations.
Jalandhar (Punjab) (MOD)Dated 07 Dec 2009 to 27 Mar 2010 A Grade
Diploma in Fire & Safety –NISM College Bangalore 31 Dec 10 A Grade
International safety certificate from UK (NEBOSH IGC with IOSH from ensign academy at Cochin).

OTHER QUALIFICATIONS
Boiler Watch Keeping Certificate in Mumbai Dated 2007
STCW 95 COURSE BASIC FROM HIMT COLLEGE CHENNAI.
STCW 95 Advance course from Naval Maritime Acadamy in Mumbai.
Dredger operator, Fire officer by certified govt of India.Dated 31 Aug 2010 Mumbai Cabs
MEO NCV class certificate from The Institute of Marine Engineering
Dated 19.06.2012-Mumbai (Nerul)
EXTRA CURRCULAR ACTIVITIES/HOBBIES
Environmental Sciences, Foot ball, Cricket, Tennis, Reading books, playing carom, hearing music

Date of birth: 27.05.1976; Gender: Male
Nationality: Indian
Marital status: Married
Languages Known: Tamil, English, and Hindi.Telugu.

Contact this candidate
