
Jeremy Molina, MSc.
Location: San Jose, CA ***** Email: adaie9@r.postjobfree.com
Open to relocation Phone: 786-***-****
SUMMARY
Mechanical Engineer with a Master of Science in Aerospace Propulsion and Engineering with expertise in mechanical design and analysis. Motivated Self-starter with a passion for innovation focused on utilizing computer assisted design and simulations to develop, analyze, validate, and build component and assemblies for mechanical systems, aircraft, rockets and spacecraft.
EDUCATION & CERTIFICATIONS
Master of Science in Aerospace Propulsion & Engineering, Beijing University of Aeronautics & Astronautics 2016 - 2019 Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering, Santo Domingo Institute of Technology (INTEC) 2010 - 2014 Certified Solidworks Associate (CSWA), Dassault Systèmes SKILLS
● Engineering: Rocket Engines, Nozzle, Spacecraft, CFD, FEA, Propulsion, Mill, Lathe, CNC Machining, Welding, BOM, Combustion Chambers, Internal Combustion Engines, NPI, Advanced Engine Analysis, CAD, ASME GD&T Y14.5, Electrical Power Subsystem (EPS), Turbochargers, Pumps, Valves, Cooling Systems, Lubrication Systems, Power Generators & Transformers, Heat Exchangers, Heat treating, Attitude control systems (ACS), Fixtures, Technical Reporting, PLM, DFMEA, Robotics, Design for Manufacturability, Model Based Definition, Prototyping.
● Leadership: Project Management, Team Coordination, Resource Allocation, Problem Solving, Cycle time Reduction, Process Improvement, Prioritization, Cross-functional Collaboration, Cost Reduction, Risk Management, Attention-to-Detail, Process Flow Development.
● Technology: Solidworks, NX, Creo, ANSYS, MATLAB, Python, SAP, Microsoft Office.
● Language: English - fluent, Spanish - fluent, Chinese - Beginner. RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
Mechanical Engineer, Naturgy Palamara Power Plant Dec 2013 – Jul 2016
● Partnered with the OEM to design refurbishing projects and perform technical evaluations for possible upgrades, leading to increased efficiency, reduced costs, and higher profitability.
● Established project requirements and gathered data to evaluate objective fulfillment after completion.
● Utilized vibration, ultrasonic and pressure analyzes equipment to evaluate the systems, locate possible issues, and implement corrective actions on time.
● Led strategic planning and team coordination to maintain a power plant in accordance with company policies and legal regulations, maximize plant productivity, and ensure employee safety.
● Proactively audited and checked all power plant systems to anticipate upcoming maintenance, identify urgent issues, analyze root causes, and implement solutions to prevent problems and maintain 100% system uptime.
● Manage work order fulfillment from initial request and scheduled maintenance notification to work completion. Mechanical Engineering Intern, Pasteurizer Rica Aug 2013 – Dec 2013
● Analyzed the plant’s boilers, compressors, pumps, and power generators to proactively identify required off- scheduled maintenance to maintain employee safety and plant efficiency.
● Reviewed maintenance schedules and compared them to updated manufacturer bulletins to ensure on-time maintenance, employee safety, and risk mitigation. Teaching Assistant - Engineering & Science, Santo Domingo Institute of Technology (INTEC) Jan 2011 – Feb 2012
● Assisted Professors in mechanical design lectures and served as a substitute in case of absence.
● Created technical walkthrough for design drawings and mentored students on best practices.
● Provided academic support and coaching to encourage student success and improve learning outcomes.

Contact this candidate
