
CURRICULUM VITAE
Piyush Kumar sahu
Sunder nagar (kohka)
Bhilai nagar
Dist- Durg, Chhattisgarh
India.
Pin – 490020
Mobile: +91-704*******, 835-***-****
Email : adai31@r.postjobfree.com
Objective: To work with best Organization & Technologies in engineering field to get professional growth and Success, while being resourceful, innovative and flexible. Professional : Mechanical Engineer
Present Employer : McNally Bharat Engineering Co.Ltd Project : 2x250 MW Lignite Based TPP
At Padva, Bhavnagar (Gujarat)
Date of Joining : January 2017 TO Till date
Designation : Asst.Manager (Mechanical)
Work Profile : Erection of ball mill, Air swept type (55 ton cap.) Commissioning, operation & maintenance activities of Hot gas generator, force lubrication system, high lift system, Grease spray system, ID fan, screw conveyer, weigh feeder and Fine Lime conveying from ball mill to lime stone bunker. Present Employer : McNally Bharat Engineering Co.Ltd Project : ACC Integrated cement plant (Expansion project) 9000 TPD at Jamul Bhilai nagar C.G.
Date of Joining : From February 2014 TO January 2017 Designation : Asst.Manager (Mechanical)
Work Profile : Executing the erection of lime stone stacker machine (1000TPH) and Bridge reclaimer machine with commissioning activities Heavy equipment erection like Surge Bin Hopper, Bag Filter, Magnetic Separator, Metal detector, Belt conveyor gallery Executing the hydraulic pipe line, Oil flushing, and pressure Testing for stacker and Bridge reclaimer machine
Executing the grease piping for stacker and Bridge reclaimer machine. Utility piping erection like compressed air, cooling water, Instrument air
Employer : McNally Bharat Engineering Co.Ltd
Project : Bokaro Steel Plant (SAIL) CRM-III in Jharkhand Project Description : The project consists of Erection and Commissioning of Coupled Pickling Line and Tandem Cold Mill. In this project McNally bharat Engg.Co.Ltd working with consortium partner Siemens VAI. Date of Joining : From 20
th
August’ 2011 to January 2014
Designation : Asst.Manager (Mechanical)
Work Profile : Executing the Erection of steam (IBR) piping, high pressure and Executing the Erection of steam (IBR) piping, high pressure and Medium pressure hydraulic piping, Utility piping like cooling Water, compressed air, DM water, Instrument air. Preparation of Test scheme for Pressure testing and testing of piping for all system and commissioned. Project responsibilities include interfacing with Clients and Sub-Contractors during the various project phases to ensure Consistent & quality performance. Day to day planning activities to Achieve target. Progressively handling the sub contractor giving the Planning to Contractor for weekly basis and monthly basis to achieved the final target. Making of piping protocols. Employer : NICCO CORPORATION LTD.PROJECT DIVISION
Project : Rajasthan Atomic Power Project. RAPP 5&6 Date of Joining : From 10
th
July ’2007 to 17
th
Aug’2011
Designation : SR .Engineer (Mechanical)
Work Profile : Executing the Erection of main stream piping, and feed water piping for turbine and boiler, lube oil piping for turbine. Preparation of test scheme for Pressure testing and testing of piping for all system. Co-ordination with Client.Monitoring and reporting the progress of all the contractors on a daily, weekly, monthly, half yearly and yearly basis and preparing and DPRs.Preparing roll-upand catch-up plans for different contractors. Synchronizing, scheduling andplanning. Manpower deployment schedules with the various contractors.Making of Contractor Forecast Schedules for Progressive work to achieve targets. Over all planning of project to Complete the project within the schedule time.
Employer : Beta pace electromechanical (L.L.C.)
Project : Dubai festival city project at Dubai
Date of Joining : From 10
th
May ’2006 to 17
th
April’2007
Designation : Piping Engineer
Client : Kharafi national (L.L.C.) Dubai at UAE
Work Profile : Executing the Erection of chilled water piping. Preparation of test Scheme for Pressure testing and testing of piping. Employer : Nuclear power corporation India ltd.
Project : Tarapur Atomic Power Project. RAPP 3&4
Date of Joining : From 19
th
April ’2003 to 22
th
April ’2006
Designation : Mechanical Engineer (Through K. Daniel project (India) Pvt. Ltd
(Mumbai)
Work Profile : Executing the Erection of main stream system, feed water system for Steam generator. Lube oil piping for turbine. Condensate water Piping for condenser. Test scheme for Pressure testing and testing of piping for all system. Monitoring and reporting the progress of all the contractors on a daily, weekly, monthly, half yearly and Yearly basis and preparing and DPRs.Preparing roll-up and catch- up plans for different contractors. Synchronizing, scheduling and Planning. Making of Contractor Forecast Schedules for progressive work to achieve targets. Over all planning of project to complete the object within the schedule time .
Employer : Larsen & Turbo Ltd. ECC.
Project : Tarapur Atomic Power Project. RAPP 3&4
Date of Joining : From June 2000 to April’2003
Designation : Tech Assistant (mechanical)
Client : NPCIL
Work Profile : Executing the Erection of Dome structure fabrication pre-assembly and erection, liner plate inside the calendria vault in the reactor building. Alignment checking of main structural erection by Theadolite or optical instrument in the reactor building. Employer : Afcons Infrastructure Ltd.
Project : Tarapur Atomic Power Project. RAPP 3&4
Date of Joining : From June 1999 to June 2000
Designation : Tech Assistant (mechanical)
Client : NPCIL
Work Profile : Fabrication of insert plate. Inspection of incoming material as per Material specification.
Educational Qualification
DIPLOMA IN MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
In 1997 from Anjuman polytechnic
Board : State Board of Technical Education, Maharashtra Additional qualification
ASNT Level II in RT, MPT, DPT
Microsoft word, Excel, Auto cad
Present salary : 5.5 Lac PA
Total Experience : 19.5 Years
Personal Details :
Name : Piyush kumar sahu
Fathers Name : Late. N.V. Sahu
Date of Birth : 09th September 1972
Nationality : Indian
Sex : Male
Marital Status : Married
Languages Known: English, Hindi
Hobbies : Playing Cricket, Listening music
–Permanent and Communication Address:
Sunder nagar (kohka)
Bhilai nagar
Dist- Durg, Chhattisgarh
India.
Pin – 490020
(PIYUSH KUMAR SAHU)

Contact this candidate
