
CURRICULAMVITAE

Mohammad Fahry Mihlar
Contact: 009**********
E-mail: adai6n@r.postjobfree.com

Objective

To be an efficient and innovation professional in the field of IT and Network where gained skills and capabilities can be employed to be a productive team member
To work hard and to perform assigned task in an outstanding way, being part of the skilled and motivated work force of the organization.

Profile

Detail-oriented, efficient and organized professional with extensive communication and interpersonal skills
Possess strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to make well thought out decisions.
Huge experience of working to tight deadlines, within a highly pressured change oriented environment.
Ability to function and adapt in a multi-cultural working environment
Able to identify individual company requirement and establish relationship, thus fostering confidence and trust
Able to cope under pressure at busy times and respond positively to changes in the work place
Open to new ideas and willing to make changes in the job and routine as required
Eagerly accepts new challenges and team player who consistently displays a positive attitude and professional work ethics
Work Experience

Position – IT & Networking Technician
Company – Matrix
Period of Employment – 05th April 2015 to 27th December 2017.

Job Description

Installs software and installs and repairs hardware and peripherals
Set up and configures workstations with computers and necessary peripheral devices (routers, printers etc.)
Check computer hardware (HDD, mouses, keyboards etc.) to ensure functionality
Install and configure appropriate software and functions according to specifications
Develop and maintain local networks in ways that optimize performance
Ensure security and privacy of networks and computer systems
Provide orientation and guidance to users on how to operate new software and computer equipment
Perform troubleshooting to diagnose and resolve problems (repair or replace parts, debugging etc.)
Maintain records/logs of repairs and fixes and maintenance schedule
Identify computer or network equipment shortages and place orders

Academic Education

G.C.E. Ordinary Level Examination pass – 2013

Professional Certification

Successfully completed Diploma in Programming
Successfully completed Diploma in Web Designing
Successfully completed Diploma in Information Technology (PEARSON )
Successfully completed Diploma in Hardware Technology with Networking (BCAS Campus)
Successfully completed Diploma in Hardware Technology with Networking (NYSC)
Successfully completed Cisco Certified Entry Networking Technician - (CCENT)
Successfully completed Cisco Certified Network Associate - (CCNA)
Successfully completed Cisco Certified Network Professional - (CCNP)
Pending result Cisco Certified Internetwork Expert - (CCIE)
Successfully completed Diploma in Network Administrator-(DNA)

Skill

IMPLEMENTING CISCO IP SWITCHED NETWORK
IMPLEMENTING CISCO IP ROUTING
TROUBLESHOOTING and MAINTAINING CISCO IP NETWORK
Proficiency in Microsoft office applications and an IT professional.
Good interpersonal relationship and Possess Strong communication and Presentation Skills.
A hardworking, friendly, reliable & ability to undertake any work with minimum supervision.
Ability to work harmoniously in a multi-cultural environment.

Language

English, Sinhala and Tamil

Extra-Curricular Activity

School Prefect
Participated in Meelad Competition
I was a member of football and cricket team player in young man sport club.
Played football and cricket for school team.
I participate annual inter house sports meet’s in school

Personal Information

Date of Birth : - 23rd of September 1997
Place of Birth : - Colombo, Sri Lanka
Nationality : - Sri Lankan
Gender : - Male
Age : - years
Civil Status : - Single
School Attended : - Zahira College, DhargaTwon.
References

Al-HAJ M.S.M.ASLAMAL-HAJ A.R.M.BADIUDDEEN
General Treasure of SLMC Whole Island J.P.
Kalutara Organizer of SLMC 27,Jeelani Road, Dharga Town.
Former Member of Parliament +947********
37,Jem Road, Dharga Town.
+947********

In the above facts are true and correct to the best of my knowledge. If you could give a chance to work with you, I assure that I will discharge my duties to entiresatisfaction of your organization.

Signature Date

Contact this candidate
