
Mohamed Diaa
Automotive Engineer
Phone: (***) 011******** - Email: adais1@r.postjobfree.com
Nationality: Egyptian
Summery
Automotive engineer with 4+ years of experience in this field, excellent interpersonal and communication abilities, and possess a wide range of technical skills. Enjoys being part of a team, as well as managing, motivating and training a productive team, and thrives in high pressure and challenging working environments.
Career Objective
To be a part of an organization where I can fully utilize my skills and make a significant contribution to the success of the employer and at the same time my individual growth. Education
Master of Engineering
Helwan University / Faculty Of Engineering at Mataria.
"Electric and Hybrid vehicles"
Bachelor of Engineering
Helwan University / Faculty Of Engineering at Mataria. Department of: Automotive & tractors engineering.
General estimate: Very good.
Graduate project: Design, testing and modelling of MR dumper for automotive suspension (Team leader).
Grade of project: Distinction.
Experience
Diamond Motors (Mitsubishi)
Service advisor engineer
Acknowledge the customer with a smile immediately upon arrival.
Listen carefully to the customer’s needs and write the repair order, make estimated costs and completion time, then obtain customer’s approval on repair order.
Act as a pipeline between the customer and workshop
Keeping the customer loyal through excellent customer service and ensuring maximum retention.
Advise customers about necessary service for routine maintenance. Help identify problems by questioning the customer or doing a visual inspection or road test.
(8/2018 - Present)
2013
2018
Seoudi Investment Group (Sig)
Modern Motors: Arab Motors Trading Company (Amt) (Changan) Service Advisor Engineer
Welcoming and greet customers politely when they enter the reception area and assist them through the Book in process.
Advise customers about necessary service for routine maintenance. Help identify problems by questioning the customer or doing a visual inspection or road test.
Record the customer requirements on a Job Order Form informing customer of estimated labor and parts charges when requested, inspect customer’s vehicle and record any damage/comments on the Job Order Form (receipt of customer supplied product), sign same and allow customer to read, or read details to them, and obtain their signature.
Contact the customer if any extra needed work and take his agreement on any further charges.
Follow up with Team leader to see if vehicle will be ready when promised.
Periodically check Job Cards and Register for any vehicles not completed as promised, establish reasons and advise customer of progress.
Follow Warranty policy, procedure and instructions supplied by Warranty manager.
Wheel Pro Center (Bmw & Mini Cooper)
Workshop Teamleader
Egyptian Armed Forces
Workshop Teamleader
Officer in Egyptian army (workshop for repair and maintenance vehicles).
Used trouble diagnosis tool (Carmen scan).
Responsible for the work of the entire team within the workshop.
Management of a large number of people and direct them to do the work to the fullest.
Dealing with customers.
Organization of work to be done in less time.
Volkswagen
Trainee
Trained with workshop engineers and see how Diagnose by using scan tools.
Trained with technicians and see how maintenance is done and know the safety of the workshop.
Volkswagen
Trainee
Worked with the technicians in doing different types of maintenance. Kia
Trainee
Trained with reception engineers in receiving cars.
Trained with technicians.
Industrial Training Council (Itc)
Trainee
Trained with reception engineers in receiving cars.
Trained with technicians.
The Arab Contractors For Investments Co
Trainee
Engine repair, use different measurement tools.
Heavy vehicles.
(10/2016 – 11/2016)
(11/2016 – 7/2018)
(8/2012)
(4/2014 – 10/2016)
(12/2013 – 2/2014)
(7/2012 – 8/2012)
(8/2011)
(1/2012 – 2/2012)
Skills
Proficiency in Autocad design (2d & 3d) and Solidwork basics
Proficiency in Microsoft word, power point, excel,(ICDL Certified)
Very good interpersonal and communication skills
Very good with dealing with people
Like to work with a creative teamwork
Reliable and hard working
Self- motivated with an outgoing personality and have a positive attitude at all times.
Courses
2017 IOSH Managing Safely – IOSH MS – UK
2017 Risk Assessment &Hazard Control Course IASP Academy 2017 OSHA 30 H general industry safety and health standards course IASP Academy 2017 OSHA 30 H construction industry safety and health standards course IASP Academy 2017 Banks man & rigger level 1 IASP Academy
2017 Has successfully completed all the requirements of occupational health and safety specialist training course (safety specialist), from the National institute of occupational health & safety (NIOSH)
Languages
Mother Tongue
Arabic
Foreign Languages
English
Toefl (Certificate)
Very good (Typing Skills, Writing, and Reading)
LAST UPDATE: (15/12/2018)

Contact this candidate
