
AJAY KUMAR SINGH
Contact No.,91-817*******
E-mail:- adaioj@r.postjobfree.com
Objective:-
To obtain a position this will develop my knowledge, talent & Experience & provide me an Opportunity to contribute effectively & significantly to the benefit of the company.

Professional Qualification:-

Post Diploma in Plastics Mould Technology from CIPET Ahmedabad with Grade A in 2010.

Educational Qualifications:-
Bachelor Of Arts : From V.B.S. Purvanchal University.
Senior Secondary school : Passed From Uttar Pradesh Board.
High Secondary school : Passed From Uttar Pradesh Board.

Work Experience:- Total Experience 8 years above
Currently Working: Flowkem pvc pipe fittings (Ahmedabad)

Business : PVC CPVC .Upvc fittings
Role :Sr.Engineer
Period 2018 Agust Till Now
Detail of Company Profile

Business : Professional PVC .CPVC .UPVC Swr manufacturer and Fittings and Pipe

Detail of Job Profile
1.Ability to handle shifts independently.
2.Ability o exposure of 5S and cost saving initiative.
3.Identification of the various segments and scope of the product to be used.
4.Exposure of handling /managing documentation.
5. Maintain the documentation and Handling to Team.

MACHINE OPERATING & PROGRAMMING KNOWLEDGE:-

All molding machine operating and measuring instrument knowledge such as:-
Injection molding machine.
Last Working=Prince swr Systems (Haridwar)
Business =Pipe Fittings Cpvc Swr Upvc
Role =SHIFT Incharge
Period =2014 june to 2018 july
Last Working: Astral poly Technik Ltd Ahmedabad

Business : PVC pipe fittings
Role :.Production Engineer
Period JULY 2013

Kisan Moulding Ltd. Mahagaon.

Business : Kisan Moulding has developed mold for producing a wide range of house hold,
And pvc pipe fittings

Period : Feb 2010 to May 2013.
Role : Trainee Production Engineer.

Detail of Job Profile

Select appropriate man power and trained them for different operations in plant.
Handling Inj. Molding M/C like, Haitian, (CHINA) 80 to 480 ton, Windsor,Ferromatic
Identifying corrective and preventive measures and effecting continuous Improvement.
Practically in Trouble shooting.

Strength:-

Hard working, sincere, intelligent and possessing good communication and Managerial Skills.
Achievement oriented with excellent communication & interpersonal skills.
Detail-oriented, multi taker, strong, learning and organizing skills matched with the ability to manage time and people effectively.
A good team player with an ability to lead a team by example and motivate them to achieve desired objectives.
A prompt & courteous person enjoys learning new methods and ideas and putting them into daily practice.

Personal Details:-

Father’s Name : Lt. Sri. Prabhunath Singh.
Date of Birth : 10th June 1985.
Sex : Male.
Marital Status : Married.
Permanent Add. : Lt. Sri Prabhunath Singh, Villa – Sahatwar, Dist – Ballia (U.P)
Pin no-:277211
E-mail : adaioj@r.postjobfree.com
Contact No : +91-817*******
Lang. Known : English, Hindi, Gujarati
Hobbies : Listening to Music, Reading, and Writing.

Declaration:-

I hereby declare that all above in formations are given by me is true to the best of knowledge and belief. I will be responsible for all my documentation

My Passport –Issue date- 07/03/2013,Expiry Date-06/03/2023
ID NUMBER-LK4060715

PLACE- Ahmedabad

Contact this candidate
