
Curriculum vitae
Harjeet Singh Saroya
***, ***** *****,
VPO- Ladhewali,
Distt.- Jalandhar
Pin -144007
Ph: +91-700*******
Email: adaip0@r.postjobfree.com
Careers objective
I aspire for a challenging position in a professional Organization where I can enhance my skills and strengthen them in conjunction with Organizations’ goals. A self motivated achiever with an ability to plan and execute. Professional Experience
Transport Manager in IVY World School, Jalandhar (Punjab) from November 2018 to April 2019: Job responsibilities in World School, Jalandhar (Punjab): 1. Assist the school authorities in the development of operating procedures for transport Department. 2. Handling overall planning and management of bus routes and maintenance. 3. Handling Parents, students and staff queries related to transportation. 4. Handling hiring of bus staff (Drivers and attendants) and Manage transport department day-to-day issues. Conducting training and safety programs of bus staff. 5. Maintenance of vehicles through good maintenance practices: a. Schedules services for vehicles
b. Ensure plans/Schedules are implemented to constantly monitor vehicular performance c. In case of accident coordinate with workshops and insurance agencies. d. Coordinate with workshops and local vendors for smooth operations of buses. 6. MIS and reports – prepare and submit reports on maintenance, VTS and Students. SWS Officer in Akal Academy Baru Sahib (Residential School), Himachal Pradesh from February 2017 to November 2018
Job responsibilities in Akal Academy Baru Sahib:
1. Handling E-mails of Students, Teaching staffs, Non-teaching staffs, CBSE and processed accordingly. 2. Handling of parents and staff qureries related to academy. 3. Handling New and Old Student admissions
4. Preparing Transfer, character and other certificates of students 5. Prepared Monthly report of foreign Nationals and coordinate with FRO Office Nahan(H.P) 6. Responsible for uploading and managing the students, staff record on UDISE & OASiS (CBSE) portal. 7. Responsible for managing Bio-metric attendance and leave records of staff. 8. Preparation of monthly report of students and staff. Assistant Manager - Filing in Minar immigration Consultants from June 2012 to December 2016 Job responsibilities in Minar immigration Consultants: 1. Doing research on visa programs & preparing & maintaining details’ files for same. 2. Preparing and executing Marketing strategies and activities. 3. Staff updating& training on various new programs related to PR, Study & investor. 4. Planning &conducting seminars.
5. Checking news updates on concerned immigration websites & informing management of visa program changes, if any.
6. Preparing document checklists for various visa programs & reviewing & updating them from time to time.
7. Doing counseling of walk-ins & guiding them on possible options for going abroad. 8. Handling telephonic queries of prospective clients. 9. Maintaining proper database of clients’ queries i.e. walk-ins as well as telephonic. 10. Following & motivating clients for registering for further visa process. 11. Completing registration formalities with client & orienting them with filing officials for further process. 12. Preparing periodic reports on counseling, queries generated & follow-ups. Worked as Operations Manager in Mega Cabs Limited from February 2005 to January 2012 Job responsibilities in Mega Cabs Limited:
1. Manage Branch Operations ( Airport & City ), Driver recruitment and operations, Manage staffing, Performance management and Enforce company policies 2. Vehicle utilization
a. Ensure maximum cabs areon roads for business generation. b. Plan,organize and monitor deployment of vehicles as per planned business guidelines 3. CRM
a. Ensure timely and quality service delivery to customers, b. Analyze customer, feedback received through call center and formulate action plan c. Settle customer grievances within defined TAT
d. Communicates to the customer with in defined TAT with satisfactory resolutions e. Ensure systems & processes are improved and equipped to prevent future customer grievances 4. Drivers Management:
a. Ensure fully trained and groomed subscribers for allotted vehicles. b. Establishing driver hiring, training & orientation plan as per the deployment need for the city. c. Manage drivers day-to-day issues
5. Work with the maintenance teams in the city to ensure minimal down time of taxis through good maintenance practices.
6. MIS and reports – prepare and submit reports on maintenance, transactions, collections, CRM. 7. Plan & drive all operational strategies related to the above functions. Educational credentials
Bachelor of Arts (Math, Economics) 1999
Delhi University, south campus
XII 1996
KendriyaVidyalaya, sector 8, RK Puram, New Delhi
X 1994
KendriyaVidyalaya, sector 8, RK Puram, New Delhi
Technical Skills
MCSE (Microsoft certified system engineer), MS Office, Internet Applications Personal Profile
Date of Birth : 01-01-1979
Father’s Name : Sr. Amrik Singh Saroya
Marital Status : Married
Nationality : Indian
Languages : English, Punjabi, Hindi
Date:
Place: (Harjeet Singh Saroya)

Contact this candidate
