
CURRICULAM VITAE

JUSTIN JOSEPH
Address: B-***, Gayatri Apartment Plot No.-9, Sector-9, Dwarka-110075
Telephone: 91-989*******
Mobile: +974-****-****
E-Mail: adaibp@r.postjobfree.com

CAREER OBJECTIVE:

To develop inter-personal skills while working in fast changing environment with good exposure and opportunities to establish myself. A challenging position in any organization, where I can enhance my quality and skills in conjunction with the organization’s goals and objectives.

WORK EXPERIENCE:

Currently working with Hemaya Security Service, Doha, Qatar since April 2013 Till Present.
Worked with Team computers as Desktop Support technician/IT Helpdesk Executive and placed at site Global Logic India Pvt. Ltd. in Noida since Nov’2010 to till July 2012.
Worked with Infovision Solutions now(Serco BPO)in Whirlpool customer care process as customer care executive from April 2003 till October 2009.

JOB RESPONSIBILITIES AS SECURITY GUARD:

●Monitor and authorize entrances and departure of employees on site. Visitors and other personnel to guard against theft and maintain security of premises.
●Write reports of daily activity and irregularities, such as equipment or property damage, theft, presence of unauthorized persons, or unusual occurences.
●Call police or fire departments in case of emergency, such as fire or presence of unauthorized persons.
●Answer alarms and investigate disturbances.
●Responding to emergencies for the purpose of addressing immediate safety and health concerns.
●Warn person of rule infraction or violations, and apprehend or evict violators from premises using force when necessary.
●Currently handling Hemaya Staff Accommodations as Camp warden.
●Handling of Daily Accommodation Reports and Maintenance of Accommodation.
●Upkeeping of the Whole Administrative functions of Accommodation, gym Facilities and Housekeeping, Transportation, Health and Safety of the occupants of the Occupants.

JOB RESPONSIBILITIES AS Desktop Support Technician:

●Remote support to Users using (Team Viewer Remote Control) Remote Desktop software .
●Installation of software and troubleshooting remotely through Remote Desktop Management.
●Troubleshooting Network faults, user Pc Connectivity faults, video / voice conference devices.
●Creating, disabling and moving user accounts in/across AD containers. Managing access rights to share folders and user permission.
●Handling customer software/Hardware and Network queries/Issues over phone, chat and e-mail.
●Installation of Operating System, Configuration and Troubleshooting and maintenance of Desktops & Laptops Hardware (HP, IBM, Dell).
●Microsoft Outlook configuration and troubleshooting.
●Installing, configuring and managing network and standalone printers.
●PC/Laptop preparation/assembling, Formatting, Partitioning, Driver installation.
●Installing many types of software like MS Office, Antivirus, Visual Studio, SQL Server and software Development Tools for Users.
●Installation of various Operating System like windows XP, Vista, Windows- 7 & windows 2003 & 2008 servers OS.

PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION:

●Diploma in IT infrastructure management service (IMS), which has been named as JCHNP (Jetking certified hardware & networking Professional) from Jetking.
●Certified in Safety and Security Training from QICSS (Qatar International Centre For Safety and security).
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION:

Intermediate from C.B.S.E in the year of 1998.
High school from NIOS (National Institute of Open Schooling) in the year of 2008.

PERSONAL DETAILS:

Date of Birth : 28.07.1979.
Father Name : M.M Joseph.
Gender : Male.
Language : English, Hindi, Malayalam.
Marital Status : Single.
Nationality : Indian
Marital Status : Unmarried

DECLARATION:
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true and thoughtful to the best of my knowledge.

Date:
Place: (Justin Joseph)

Contact this candidate
