
Vasudev S Nair
Mechanical Engineer
892******* adaiqr@r.postjobfree.com
A mechanical engineering graduate seeking the opportunity to work in a fun and challenging environment. I have really good leadership skills and have the ability to keep a cool head in the most dire situations. I love acquiring new skills and learning about new technology. Have really good people skills and problem solving skills. Can work both as an individual and in a team.
Aerodynamic characteristics of two square cylinders arranged in Tandem: Effect of inclination of downstream cylinder
A numerical study on the shear flow past two square cylinders in tandem arrangement for different angles of inclination of the downstream cylinder. The study was conducted in Ansys Workbench.
Marx Generator
Designed and fabricated a small working model of a Marx generator to create high voltage pulses used to test the insulation of electrical apparatus such as large power transformers, or insulators used for supporting power transmission lines Reciprocating Piston-Cylinder Mechanism
Designed and fabricated a working model of a Reciprocating piston-cylinder motion mechanism to study the forces that act on its individual parts. Clean Green Healthy Neighborhood (Student Social Responsibility Project) Led a campaign on cleanliness and ways to maintain a clean green healthy environment in a neighborhood, by conducting a survey on the number of houses that recycled their bio- waste and how to use it for various purposes. Also gave a seminar on the need for recycling bio-waste and maintaining cleanliness in all households. 2018
2018
Customer Service
Hero Hitech Engineering Services
Vyttila, Ernakulam, Kerala
Spare Parts Store Manager
Hero Hitech Engineering Services
Vyttila, Ernakulam, Kerala
Aeronautical Engineering
Automobile Engineering
Manufacturing Technology
Worked as the Marketing Chairman
for Vidyut 2019 National-level
Multifest.
Worked as Security Coordinator for
Ayudh Leaders Training Summit
2018.
Worked as a Cadet in National Cadet
Corp.
Worked as a security personnel on
the 62nd and 63rd birthday
celebration of Sri Mata
Amritanandamayi Devi.
worked as the cultural coordinator
for Bharat Mata Pooja(2017)
Reached level 4 of Brown Belt
Secured 2nd price in painting
competition in school-level
Ran in the 7km rally hosted by "Run
Kochi Run" in 2014
Ansys Fluent
AutoCADD
MATLab
C++
MS-Office
Summary
Academic Projects
Work experience
Industrial Visits/Internships
Areas of Interest
Achievements
Technological
Proficiencies
Forbes Marshall
Kaserwadi, Chinchwad, Pimpri-Chinchwad, Pune
Duration: 5days(Dec19 - Dec23,2016)
Learned about the manufacture of boilers and the different types of traps used. Hero Hitech Engineering Services
Vyttila, Ernakulam, Kerala
Duration: 28 days(Jun3 - Jun30,2017)
Learned about the different parts of a motorcycle, its assembly and their maintenance. worked with different tools and machinery used in the automotive industry. Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant
Tamil Nadu
Duration: 1 day(April29,2017)
Kerala Minerals and Metals Limited
Kollam, Kerala
Duration: 14 days (May 23 – June 5,2016)
Visited the industry and learned about the different stage process required for the production of high grade Titanium.
Ansys CFD
Amrita School of Engineering, Ettimadai Campus, Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu Duration: 1 day (March 3,2017)
2015 - 2019
2013 - 2015
2003 - 2013
B.Tech Mechanical Engineering
Amrita School of Engineering, Amritapuri Campus
CGPA - 6.64
Senior Higher Secondary School
Bhavan's Vidya Mandir, Eroor, Ernakulam
12 Std(CBSE) - 77.8%
Junior Higher Secondary School
Bhavan's Vidya Mandir, Eroor, Ernakulam
10th Std(CBSE) - 81.7%
Malayalam (Read, Write, Speak)
English (Read, Write, Speak)
Hindi (Read, Write, Speak)
Japanese-Beginner Level(Speak)
Tamil (Speak)
Date of Birth : 27/01/1997
House No: 6, Shreeji Dwaraka Villas,
Kandanad P.O, Kerala, 682305
Z5624109
Workshops Attended
Education
Languages Known
Personal Profile
Address
Passport No:

Contact this candidate
