
Civil Engr.
BASHAR
KHATTAB
General Manager,
Technical (QA/QC)
Manager
Personal Info
Address
Riyadh, Saudi Arabia
Phone
+966-**-*******
+966-**-***-****
E-mail
adaiy9@r.postjobfree.com
Birth Date
June, 1965
Skills
Management
Excellent
Quality Control
Excellent
Quality Assurance
Excellent
Marketing and Sales
Management
Excellent
Operation Management
Excellent
Computer Skills
Excellent
Experienced in concrete and various building materials (management, technical, QA/QC, contracts, sales, operation and all related management).
Keep concrete operations efficient and smooth by delivering successful leadership and team management at all levels.
Work History
2017-03 -
Current
General Manager
Al-KIFAH Ready-Mix and Blocks, Riyadh
• Increased revenue streams by reducing costs,
managing schedules and performing variance and
risk analysis to implement corrective actions.
• Developed value-added solutions and approaches
by leveraging trends in customer marketplaces and
industries.
• Increased monthly staff retention rate after
implementing new training programs.
• Delivered business strategy and developed systems and procedures to improve operational quality and
team efficiency
• Managed budget implementations, employee
reviews, training, schedules and contract
negotiations.
• Coached number of sales associates in product
specifications, sales incentives and selling
techniques, increasing customer satisfaction ratings.
• Organized budgets oversaw P&Ls and achieved
margin targets consistently to stay on track with
growth plans.
• Maximized efficiency by coaching and mentoring
200 personnel on many principles, industry practices, company procedures and SAP system.
• Increased sales by establishing goals and overseeing performance.
2016-07 -
2017-03
Commercial Director
Al-TAWI Ready-mix and Blocks, Riyadh
• Developed strategic initiatives based upon
company objectives aimed at accelerating growth.
Languages
Arabic: native.
English: fluent.
• Implemented strong training program enabling
employees to improve and build upon both
professional and personal growth.
• Provided extensive leadership by effectively
communicating strategic goals and plans.
2007-10 -
2016-06
Regional Technical Manager
Saudi Ready-mix Concrete Co.
• Responsible to implement and maintain the
company's established system in the region related to the design and producing concrete mixes at the
most competitive and cost-effective prices realizing the company's objectives and targets.
• To work in total cohesion and harmony with the
general manager and regional managing team in
order to achieve the objectives and targets of the region.
• Optimize the utilization of the work force and
equipment to control the expenses of the
laboratories in the region.
• Design lots of High strength concrete for high-rise buildings.
• Design lots of special mixes for different usage. 2001-07 -
2007-10
Area Manager
Saudi Ready-mix Concrete Co.
• Oversaw operations of the organization, including budget planning, strategy development, community
outreach, forecasting and payroll.
• Monitored customer buying trends, market
conditions and competitor actions to adjust
strategies and achieve sales goals.
• Increased overall sales through capitalizing on new potential opportunities and developing and
maintaining partnerships with new companies and
shareholders.
• Managed inventory and reduced shrinkage through
detailed monitoring of daily operations and stock.
• Evaluated production levels, quality standards and maintenance actions to identify and address
operational problems and maintain targets.
1991-05 -
2001-07
Sales Engineer
Saudi Ready-mix Concrete Co.
• Provided technical troubleshooting and problem
solving for clients with installed equipment/system issues.
• Analyse marketing data, including market trends, competitor performance and product strengths.
• Reviewed all customer inquiries to understand
project scope while managing internal disciplines to compliantly respond.
• Submitted monthly reports, including booking
forecasts and monthly highlights.
• Developed and implemented pursuit plans for all
opportunities with assigned key accounts.
1988-08 -
1991-04
Construction Engineer
AL-ERAINI CONTRACTING Est.
• Determined costs of labour and materials for each project.
• Created project schedules and worked with
contractors to assure work is completed properly
and on time.
• Independently prepared and modified drawings,
specs, calculations and graphs.
• Initiated project management knowledge study and subsequently standardized project management
practices.
Education
2013-01 -
2014-05
Mini MBA
LEAD Academy- Jordan
1983-09 -
1988-06
B.Sc.: Civil Engineering
King Fahd University of Petroleum and Minerals –
Dhahran- KSA
Affiliations
Member of Engineering Association, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
.

Contact this candidate
