
Career Portfolio provided by Nexxt
MeSha Golden
Las Vegas, NV 89129
Job Function: Clerical & Administrative
Highest Education: Some College
Portfolio: https://www.nexxt.com/p/MeshaGolden
Work Experience
Administrative Office Manager/Event Coordinator/Sales Assistant Georgia Trend Magazine
Jan '00 - Jul '19 (19 Years, 6 Months)
Georgia Trend Magazine c/o Trend Publications - (2000 - Present) Classified Ad Manager/Sales Assistant/Office Manager/Administrative Assistant/Receptionist • Managing the daily operations of the Georgia Trend & the Advertising Department • Strong verbal and written skills used daily • Sold advertising in the Executive Marketplace Section of Georgia Trend • Distribute the bi-weekly payroll • Maintains current advertising client list using File Maker Pro • Efficient Event Planner/Coordinator • Organized & planned the "100 Most Influential Georgians of the Year Ceremony" • Organized
& planned the "40 Under 40 Best and Brightest" Ceremony • Organized & planned the Annual Senator Golf Tournament • Work on several projects annually with the Publisher • Provide customer service to subscribers, new clients with any and all needed information, etc. • Answering and routing the e-mail requests, filing orders on a daily basis • Using Microsoft Outlook as the main source of communication • Also use MICROSOFT OFFICE, Access, File Maker Pro, UPS Shipping Program, fax machine, copy machine, 8-line phone system • Working with the Editorial Department with special projects • Taking messages as needed • Scheduling, promoting and making sales calls to future clients, etc. • Ordering & maintaining the office supplies, copy paper, etc. • Using UPS for shipping needs & using UPS software for shipping as well • Sign for packages & deliveries • Maintain achieve magazine room, etc. • Distribution of in/out going mail • Maintaining the Hasler postage machine • Mailing advertising promotional information for the sales department over 1,000 pieces of mail monthly. • Calling in for Technical support • Logging in checks received, etc. • Collect credit card payments, etc. • Work closely with vendors SPECIAL PROJECTS for Georgia Trend: Aside from my primary duties, I have successfully earned this company • Event Coordinator - Organized the "40 Under 40 Best and Brightest" ceremony; Georgia Trend entertained over 550 + guests - I have sold a total of $230,208.00 gross for the company for the years 2000 to the present. • Event Coordinator - Organized the "100 Most Influential Georgian of the Year". I also sold tables grossing the company over $245,420.00 for the years 2000 through January 2011. Having the attendance of 450 + guests which included the Governor of Georgia, many Senators, Councilmen and women and elected officials such as your local Commissioners in the state of Georgia. • Assisted in selling the "Legal Elite" section featured in the December issue of Georgia Trend for the most influential Attorney's in Georgia grossing the company in that section over $490,000.0 again for the years 2008 through 2010. • Shipping out 1,500 media kits annually to current advertisers and new clients over the state of Georgia. • Reprints Sales of articles which appear monthly in Georgia Trend magazine grossing over 335,665.56 and growing for the years 2007 through 2011.
Executive Administrative Assistant
Lanier World Wide
Jan '98 - Dec '99 (1 Year, 11 Months)
Lanier World Wide, Executive Administrative Assistant, (1998 - 1999) • Assisted Managing a team which consisted of 200 employees and two departments. • Organized and maintained monthly budgets for two departments • Greeted clients, staff members from other departments • Coordinated and collected weekly time sheets from the personnel. • Directed daily routine utilizing a duty section of 600 personnel from 12 different departments. • Organized and kept current the filing system up to date • Scheduling weekly meetings with the corporate headquarters • Worked on Power Point Presentations
• Typing all coordinate letters • Organized annual Thanksgiving dinner, etc. for over 200 employees • Answering phones and taking messages • Filled in relieving the switchboard operator MeSha Golden
Administrative Assistant
BioShield Technologies
Jan '96 - Jan '98 (2 Years, 1 Month)
BioShield Technologies, Administrative Assistant, (1996 - 1998) • Administered, coordinated, and supervised the front office • Organized and worked on monthly budgets for 10 employees • Handle expense accounts, etc. • Answered 8-line phone system • Transferred calls, taken massages • Type coordinate letters for the owners, sales staff • Filled orders of products daily • Used UPS & Federal Express daily • Filled out and filed expense reports, checked with errors, etc. • Accounts payable/receivable • Sorting US Mail • Handled payroll • Processed expense reports • Scheduling corporate meetings • MS OFFICE, Excel • Filing • Copy Machine • Fax Machine • Postage Machine Administrative Assistant
Emory University
Jan '95 - Jan '96 (1 Year)
Emory University, Administrative Assistant, (1995 - 1996) • Assisted with the management of the Tutorial Program with the Vice President in the Multicultural Program at Emory University. • Organized Mentoring Program Dinner held annually for over 1,000 Freshmen student at Emory. • Working close with vendors, etc. • Worked on monthly budget for the department • Updated weekly meetings, etc. • Managed the Media Center • Typed daily reports, filing, accounting, kept track of employee time sheets, payroll, etc. • Accounts payable/receivable • Greeted students and helping them arrange meetings with the opportunity facility members • Involved with departmental meetings • Worked closely with the daily running of the Multicultural Office • Ordering office supplies, etc. • Microsoft Office for both IBM & MAC computers, etc. • Fax machine; copy machine; scanner, etc. • Answered any 8-line AT&T phone system Operations Manager
Cloth World
Jan '94 - Jan '95 (1 Year)
Cloth World Operations Manager, (1994 -1995) • Opened & Closed Store • Managed a staff of 15 employees • Hired and Terminated - Employees as needed and required • Conducted yearly employee evaluations • Made weekly schedules per store hours for employees • Made - Daily deposits of large amounts of monies • Handled confidential employee information • Answered a 2 line phone system • Worked closely with the District Manager meeting weekly goals, etc. • Filed daily paperwork and put into place weekly sales • Set-up store displays per their weekly instructions • Worked closely with Loss & Prevention Management Team • Met the weekly sales quota and reported weekly to regional office, etc. • Lead, planned, managed, and executed assignments to maintain crew in daily routine of the store. • Trained and worked closely with new and transferred employees. • Filed paperwork on shrink damage items, etc. • Maintain a safe, effective environment for students and staff • Assisted Manager with daily job duties. • Worked on company mainframe computer for daily work • Fax machine; shredder; copy machine Education
High School Diploma '90 Business Administration/General Forest Park High School
Jan '88 - Jan '90
• Forest Park High School - Business Administration/General Diploma -Prior Work in Baltimore Maryland- Baltimore Convention and Visitors Association (BCVA) Administrative Assistant (1988 - 1990) • Greeting clientele • Working with Microsoft Word; copy machine, fax machines • Checking weekly schedule of events and preparing for the event • Confirming dates, individual count and room reservations with local hotels • Working closely with local vendors • Worked with the Convention Elderly Volunteers • Scheduling Booth set-up dates, times, supplied materials needed, etc. • Answering the office phones • Relieved Receptionist on her breaks • Taking messages • Scheduling company meetings between supervisors in several departments • Filing • Accounts payable/receivable • Fax & copy machine Skills
Administrative Assistant
(Expert)
MeSha Golden
Filing
(Expert)
Scheduling
(Expert)
Payroll
(Expert)
Receptionist
(Expert)

Contact this candidate
