
RESUME

E mail: adaiy5@r.postjobfree.com
Mob : +974-********, (UPDA GRADE –A Certified from QATAR)

DILEEP GANGADHARAN NAIR

OBJECTIVE
To work in a challenging environment that encourages learning and gives exposure to new ideas and creativity while stimulating personal and professional growth.

CAREER PROFILE
More than 19 years hands on experience in electrical substation project management, initiation, scope determination, resource management, and final completion.
Design review and approval of final settings, protection drawings, method of statement, construction, testing, commissioning of Transmission and distribution substations, MV/HV/LV cable installation/testing, construction of long transmission lines in coordination with contractor and various subcontractors etc.
Plan, schedule, and coordinate construction project activities to meet deadlines, Prepare and submit budget estimates, progress reports and cost tracking reports. Inspect or review projects to monitor compliance with building and safety codes and other regulations. Study job specifications to determine appropriate construction methods.

1.Lahmeyer International – Doha, Qatar. (UPDA GRADE –A Certified)
June 2013 – till date
Senior Electrical Engineer, Substation – Design review for drawings, relay settings, method of statement, Project management, Construction, Testing and Commissioning of Substations up to 400 KV, which includes all kind of relays, relay panels, GIS, transformers, LV/MV/EHV cables, Battery bank, Battery charger, auxiliary supply, UPS, SCS signal testing and other substation equipment.
Projects Done:
KAHRAMAA substations -- Phase – 8 & 10 substations from 11KV up to 400 KV
Gazal Substation, Ras Laffan 132/11 KV -- for client Shell,Qatar.( End user Qatar Petroleum)
Package unit substation -- Erection GIS unit, relay panel and
transformers with reference to the end user specifications.
Lusail, Light Rail Transport Substation 66 /33 KV – for Client Qatar Rail.
2.Saudi Electricity Company – Eastern & Central region, Saudi Arabia
March 2009 – May 2013
Senior Engineer, Substation Projects – Project management, Construction, testing and commissioning of Substations up to 380 KV, which includes relays, relay panel, GIS, transformers, LV/ EHV cables, Battery bank, Battery charger and SCS panel. Coordination with commission of HVAC, Substation lighting system, Firefighting, Communication equipment, Civil works, Cable routing & installation and Construction of long transmission lines.
Projects Done:
Saudi Aramco Substations -- 380/132/115/13.8 KV Maneefa substation in Damam area
Saudi Electricity Company SS & PP -- 9032, 9029, 9017, 9024 SS 380/132/13.8 KV stations and
132/33/13.8 KV stations in Riyadh Region
Power Plant -8 & 9 in Riyadh region

3.Works Department – TDB, Kerala, India
July 2005 – Feb 2009
Electrical Engineer
Construction and erection of 33 KV, 11KV, 440V indoor and outdoor substations.
Testing and commissioning of substation equipment.
Maintenance of substation and distribution Systems etc.
Street lighting and Substation lighting system.

4.Kerala State Electricity Board, Kerala, India
July 1999 to April 2005
Assistant Engineer - Kerala State Electricity Board.
Construction & Testing of Substations up to 220 KV and Commissioning of Generating Stations up to 300 MW capacity. Construction, Commissioning, Operation and Maintenance of Transmission and Distribution Substations.

5.SIEMENS LLC, Abu Dhabi, UAE.
March 2004 – June2004
Design Engineer
Client : ADWEA
Project : DMS (Distribution Management System) Project
About the project : Design and implementation of existing 33 KV, 11KV & 430 V stations.
.

OVERALL ACHIEVEMENTS
Able to overseeing projects from inception through scope determination, resource management, and final completion.
Ensure the compliance of the project with the specification, resolution of project problems, clarification of technical discrepancy through NCR, RFI, and adherence of HSE and QA/QC policy.
Through project evaluation and review techniques, monitor and expedite the progress of various power projects and ensure the project execution ahead of schedule.
Co-ordination with Client, contractors, subcontractors and other consultants to ensure the smooth execution of the project.
Coordinate all other site activities such as civil works, MEP, Fire system, HVAC, mechanical works, installation of LV panel, testing and commissioning works, testing of communication equipment.
Complete responsibility for the erection of GIS, distribution transforms, Power transformers, auxiliary transformers, substation control system & connected equipment, protection panels, battery and chargers, AC/DC panels, firefighting system, HVAC, UPS, substation lighting system, communication equipment, LV/ MV cable laying and termination.
Verification of design for distribution and transmission system.
Review the plan and schedule all major site activities as per the plan and prepare the daily, weekly and monthly progress reports.
Responsible for installation, internal wiring, interconnection and commissioning of SAS and PAS panels.
Identify the critical path and refer major work related problems to the higher management.
Follow-up with all major vendors and witness the factory acceptance tests for different materials.
To monitor all outdoor installation works including cabling & termination works.
Erection, cabling and termination of control and protection panels, auxiliary and lighting systems and installation of air conditioners for control rooms.
Ensure that each employee, subcontractor adheres to occupational health safety, environmental and quality guidelines.
Responsible for installation of fiber optic cables.
Testing of differential relays, distance relays, Synch check relays, Auto reclose relays, CBF relays, Directional relays, over / under voltage relays, Over current /earth fault relays.
Testing of Numerical, static and Electro mechanical relays of different manufacturers, which includes Siemens, Alstom, ABB, SEL and Schneider.
Testing of GIS and equipment up 380 KV.
Testing of LV, MV and Power Cable up to 380 KV.
Checking interlocks of the substation between different voltage levels.
Protection End to end test and overall stability of EHT feeders.
Testing Differential Stability of Bus Bar, Transformers & Generators.
Construction of 110 KV Overhead double circuit transmission line.
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION
Bachelor of Engineering in Electrical & Electronics with first class from University of Madras. 1999 April. (Project done: Design of DC shunt motor using ‘C’ language.)
Technical High School with First class, Board of Technical Education, Kerala-‘92 March.
PERSONAL PROFILE
Nationality : Indian
Date of Birth : 20th May, 1977
Sex & Marital Status : Male, Married
Driving license : India, Saudi Arabia & Qatar
Passport no & Place of issue : H 4583724, Riyadh
Permanent Address : Kailasam, Parakode, Kerala, India- 691554
Languages Known : English, Hindi, Malayalam, and Tamil

Dileep Gangadharan Nair

Contact this candidate
