
ASHOKKUMAR RAJAMANI
Electrical Engineer (Site)
+974 –33036685
adaixc@r.postjobfree.com

Objectives
To work in challenging and motivating organization as an Electrical Engineer where I can utilize my technical and analytical skills as well as I can improve my personal skills and make a significant contribution to an organization with strong work ethics and diligence.
Professional Summary (EXP: 15 years)
Having 15 years(2.5years in UAE &Oman) of work experience in Project construction of 132/11KV,132/33KV,11KV substation and overhead line, cable laying, Building project, Industrial Project, Fire Fighting, HVAC, MEP Projects(Cable tray,cable trench), operation and Maintenance, Utility and Facility Maintenance
Educational Qualifications
Bachelor of Engineering in Electrical and Electronics.
MBA in Project Management.
Professional Experience
Indian Experience (13.2 years)
Company: Arun Excello Pvt Ltd
Position: Asst. Manager (MEP Site)
Project: Compact Homes – Sanjani
Dec 03, 2018 to May 31, 2019

Roles & Responsibilities
Responsible for Erection of 500KVA Transformer with DP Structures, cable laying from transformer to LT Distribution Panel
Responsible for Conduit Laying, Cable tray Fabrication with supports
Responsible for the fabrication and erection of pipeline supporting steel structure for Fire Fighting System.
Review the provided shop drawing for the fabrication of steel structure, frames, plan, and execute the site activities.
Prepare the methodology for the execution of the work.
Finalizing the location and Erection of DBs and JBs in site with proper supports
Preparing Daily Work Progress Report and Monthly Work Report, attending the meeting with Project Manager

Company –A M Breweries Pvt Ltd
Position– Engineer – Projects, Operation and Maintenance
Dec 05 2012 – Nov 30 2018

Roles & Responsibilities
Maintain the TNEB metering details and follow up with them
33KV Overhead Line work surveying, Erection of Poles and String of line work from Main Substation to 33 KV HT Transformer for Distribution System around( 25KM)
Operation, Maintenance, Servicing and Troubleshooting of 11KV/ 430V,1600 KVA Transformer,1500 KVA DG,11KV and 430V,Switch gear panel, Air Compressor (1000, 500,250), Refrigeration plant, CO2 plant, WTP, ETP STP, Conveyors
Preparation of Cable Laying Schedule, Earth mate laying for transformer Earth pit for panels
Responsible for the fabrication and erection of pipeline supporting steel structure and pipeline for Stream line,Airline RO water line, Ammonia & co2 gas line, Production Line and Chill water line.
Review the provided shop drawing for the fabrication of steel structure, frames, plan, and execute the site activities.
Prepare the methodology for the execution of the work.
Maintaining the service documents and breakdown document

GCC Experiences (2.1 years)

Company – Atlas International Engineering, Muscat, Oman
Position– Site Electrical Engineer
Project– 4.5 MW Power Stations at Al Mazyouna, WadiSaa 132/33KV Grid Substation
August 2009 to December 2010

Roles & Responsibilities
Planning Scheduling, Erection, and Site Supervision of 4.5 MW Power Station, Al Mazyouna Erection of Generator, Transformer, 11 KV Panel, HT Cable, Fire Fighting, Control & Protection Panels, Small Power Lighting, Battery system, Earthling system, Cable laying, Cable terminations and MEP Works
415V overhead Line work surveying, Erection of Poles and String of line work from Main Substation to Distribution transformer (50KM)
Planning Scheduling, Erection, and Site Supervision of 132/33 KV Substation,overall Earth mat grid laying, 132 KV GIS and its accessories,63 MVA Power Transformer,132 & 33KV indoor switchgear panels and control panels, MEP works(Fire Fighting,HVAC)

Plan, coordinate, supervise and control the activities of the assigned contractors and personnel engaged in the execution of the project activities throughout all phases of the project during engineering, procurement, fabrication, construction/ installation and handover.
Project coordination with various departments and sub-contractors.
Implement the client design to prepare the shop drawing.
Overseeing the selection and requisition of material and follow with procurement office staff for timely delivery of materials on site.
Ensure all the delivered materials are incorporate the drawing and project specification &preparing material submittal inspection to consultant for approval.
Ensure the materials, manpower and required tools are available for site work.
Preparing site progress report on daily basis and monthly basis based on the client requirements.
Assist safety and quality walk inspection with Safety manger and QC manager.
Preparing NOI (Notice of Inspection) for each activity based on the ITP
Conducting weekly site progress meeting with the site team and sub-contractors.

Company –ETA Power project Division, Dubai
Position– Site Engineer - Electrical
Project–132/11KV substation, DEWA, Dubai properties
August 2008 to March 2009

Roles & Responsibilities
Planning Scheduling, Erection, and Site Supervision of 132/11 KV Substation.
Laying and Termination of Power cables and Control cables
Project Licensing and NOC from the consign developer and government authority(DEWA&TECOM)
Monitoring the changes during Construction and ensuring permission is received from the Consultant and inform the Design Department
Responsible to Ensuring safety were strictly followed in site
Knowledge about HVAC (Heating Ventilation and Air Conditioning)System MEP (Mechanical Electrical Plumbing)and BMS(Building management system)
Preparing the Project Plan(PP) and Daily and monthly progress report(DPR)

Company–Regent PowerTech Pvt Ltd., Chennai
Position– Engineer – Senior Electrical Engineer -TQM
Site– Tamilnadu, Maharashtra, Rajasthan
December 2011 – December 2012

Roles & Responsibilities
Erection, and Site Supervision of 132/11 KV Substation and 132 KV Double Circuit Transmission Line (around 15 KM. ) and 11 KV Feeder overhead line 4 no’ s from Substation to Wind Turbine Generator (around 50 KM)
Preparing the Project Plan(PP) and Daily progress report(DPR)
Inspection of incoming materials of Mechanical and Electrical Parts as per Site incoming inspection checklist and updating the Inspection Report
Responsible to Ensuring safety were strictly followed in site
Prepare QC Inspection reports and monthly accomplishment reports.
Preparing the site WEG machine location for laying the OFC cable for SCADA from one Machine to other WEG machine and all the Machine are connected in the Control Monitoring Station from CMS all the WEG Machine are Monitored Around 10kms OFC cable laying to be done

Company– Win wind Power Energy Pvt Ltd. Chennai
Position – Senior Electrical Engineer
Site–Jath, Maharashtra
January 2011 to November 2011

Roles & Responsibilities
Planning,Scheduling, Installation, Testing and Commissioning, Operation and Maintenance of 33KV Switchyards.(i.e. Transformers – 1250 KVA, Circuit Breakers, CT,PT and Double pole Materials, cable laying)
33KV overhead Line work surveying, Erection of Poles and String of line work from Main Substation to Group substation feeders and one WTG to another WTG
Regularly Tools, Safety,Quality and Environmental Training given to workers
Involved in Quality Management (IQMS)
Involved in Safety Management, Stores Management and Tool Management

Company–Vestas Wind Technology Pvt Ltd Chennai
Position–Project Site Engineer - Electrical
Site– Chitradurga, Gudepanchgani, Karad, Anthiyur, Coimbatore,
July 2005 – June 2008

Roles & Responsibilities
Planning,Scheduling, Erection, Testing and Commissioning, Operation and Maintenance of 33KV Double pole Switchyards.(i.e. Transformers – 2250 KVA and 950 KVA, Circuit Breakers, CT,PT and Double pole Materials)
Planning,Scheduling,Testing and laying of 33KV XLPE Underground Cable around 10km from Main Substation to Group substation and one WTG to another WTG
33kv Line work surveying, Erection of Poles and String of line work from Main Substation to Group substation feeders and one WTG to another WTG
Laying and Termination of LT cables (3.5x300Sqmm, 3x70sqmm) for Transformer to Main Panel, Main Panel to Generator and Control Cables.
Regularly Tools,Safety,Quality and Environmental Training given to Co-workers and Contractors
Involved in Quality Management (IQMS) and Six Sigma Format
Involved in Safety Management, Stores Management and Tool Management

TRAINING ATTENDENTED:
Balance of Plant(BOP)
Tools Handling and Maintenance
Blade Manufacture and Repair
Safety,Fire and Environmental Training

Company - Mazagon Dock Ltd., Mumbai.(Contract Basis)
Position–Electrical Engineer
Project - proto type ship building (submarine)
Client-- PRP Site BARC, Kalpak am.
March 2002 – July 2005

Roles & Responsibilities
Erection of IS & NIS, LCP’s, Switch Boards,
HT Cable schedule preparation, Laying and Testing of (3.5x400sqmm, 3x95sqmm, 3x70sqmm, 1x240sqmm, Fiber Optical Cables & Control Cables.)
Fabrication of Cable boxes, Cable boxes Assembly and Designing the Cable Routes
Cable Boxes Compound Filling
Testing of Earthling & Lightning equipment’s for the towers and High Rising Buildings
Safety and Quality carried out through the work

Company –Thirumoorthy Hi-Tech
Position – Site Supervisor
Client-- Southern Railways & Ennore Thermal Power Plant
May2001 – February 2002

Roles & Responsibilities
Replacement of Existing power cable and Laying of New Power cables (Unit 5). The Project has done for the Unit 5 has increased its capacity to180Mw to 350Mw.
Replacement of Defective Power Cable between Chennai Basin Bridge to Gummidipundi (5KM) Completed successfully with in time under the guidance Of Mr.Srinivasulu

STRENGTHS
Self-motivated and ready to tackle any challenge.
Exceptionally strong communication and team work skills.

COMPUTER KNOWLEDGE
Knowledge in SAP Material Management &Primavera
Operating System: Ms-Dos, Windows NT/95.

LANGUAGE KNOWLEDGE
English, Tamil, Hindi

PASSPORT DETAILS
Passport No : L3052040
Date of Expire : 29-08-2023
Onsite Experience : 8 months in Dubai, UAE
15 months in Muscat, Oman

PERSONAL DETAILS
Father Name : V.K.Rajamani
Date of Birth : 22nd December 1977
Marital Status: Married
Nationality : Indian
Permanent Address : 18 i / 1A, Kambar Street, Ramakrishna Nagar,
Chengalpattu, Tamilnadu, India – 603003

Declaration
I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned and if I offered a chance to work, I shall fulfill my duties to the best interest of my superiors.

Place:
Date:
Ashokkumar Rajamani

Contact this candidate
