
Mohammed Ilyas
Al Mansora, Doha - Qatar
Email: adaiyr@r.postjobfree.com Cell: 009**-********

Multi-certified (Azure, AWS, and RHCSA) systems administrator with strong experience managing server infrastructures and data-center operations across Unix, Linux, Windows and cloud platforms. Effectively plan, install, configure and optimize IT infrastructures to achieve high availability and performance.
Proven ability to create and deliver solutions tied to business growth, organizational development and systems/network optimization. Skilled problem identifier and troubleshooter comfortable managing systems, projects and teams in a range of IT environments.
Highlights of IT Skills

LAN/WAN/NOC Administration
Project Management
Productivity Improvement
Technical Support
Systems Installation,
Configuration & Upgrading
Security Solutions
Database Design &Management
NOS Patches &Updates
Training & Mentoring

Professional Experience
-NGA HR India Pvt Ltd - System Administrator — Hyderabad, India, 2014 to present
-Expert Office Systems - Systems Administrator – Hyderabad, India (2012 to 2014)
-HCL Infosystems - Desktop Engineer – Hyderabad, India (2010 to 2012)

EDUCATION & PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENTS:
-MCA (Master of Computer Application) from JNT University, Hyderabad - in August 2010.
-B.Sc. in Computer Science from Osmania University, Hyderabad - in June 2007.

Certifications:
-AZURE ADMINISTRATOR - ASSOCIATE
-AWS CERTIFIED SOLUTIONS ARCHITECT – ASSOCIATE
-REDHAT CERTIFIED SYSTEM ADMINISTRATOR – RHCSA
NGA HR India Pvt Ltd -- Hyderabad, India,
System Administrator / Technology Team Lead

Consulted with client companies to provide Web-based and network solutions along with strategic planning and project leadership over systems migration, configuration, administration, upgrades and troubleshooting initiatives.
Key Contributions:
Hired as a full-time systems administrator following initial consulting role to manage and maintain a 60+ mixed server environment (Windows/Unix/Linux), ensuring 99.9% or better uptime. Evaluate, monitor and enhance IT infrastructure with an emphasis on availability, reliability, scalability, security, data confidentiality and system integrity.

Roles and responsibility:
Reengineered company’s systems setup, establishing automated server generation routines, optimizing system performance, installing upgrades/patches, establishing system monitoring and maintaining security protocols.
Ensured that all server hardware, operating systems, software and procedures aligned with organizational standards and strategic business plan.
Revamped NetBackup schedule and upgraded 15 Oracle servers. Optimized system availability (averaging 99.95% uptime) and equipped company with scalable systems to support business growth.
Increased team productivity and automated repetitive tasks by using batch files, PowerShell, and Asinble.
Acted as escalation point for troubleshooting advanced network/systems issues; consistently earned 100% issue-resolution scores by providing excellent service to internal and external customers.
Trained employees across multiple departments on network operations including log-in procedures, network management software, permissions, printing issues, security and use of software.
Directed the implementation and performance tuning of Windows Server environment for client’s global operations. Delivered a major improvement over old VPN system that catapulted productivity of remote sales force.
Drove a 25% decrease in Web site downtime by migrating RaQ4 server sites and online stores to Linux server. Corrected server configuration problems, wrote scripts to ensure smooth server/reboot functioning, and assisted with a variety of Linux-based inquiries and concerns.
Replaced major manufacturer’s vulnerable network with robust security through joint architecture of firewall and DHCP.
Stabilized, expanded and protected client network and PC environment. Built new file servers to maximize Web hosting, terminal server, file/print sharing and domain control performance
Deliver technical support to engineering teams, aiding optimization of existing system(s) and processes. Support includes monitoring of incidents and their timely resolution
Setup, build and maintain distributed filesystems, data warehouses and secure Backup and Restore flows

Expert Office System – Hyderabad, India
System Engineer

Consulted with client companies to provide Web-based and network solutions along with strategic planning and project leadership over systems migration, configuration, administration, upgrades and troubleshooting initiatives.
Role and Responsibilities:
Monitor server event logs, performance logs, growth of data on the network, and checking the status of nightly server backups
Ensures compliance with uptime and performance standards and develops system and product benchmarking and monitoring
Provide detailed project status reporting as directed by management
Performs day-to-day maintenance and installation of server, network equipment, virtual machines, messaging, backups and storage
Work on moderately complex assignments, using judgment to resolve problems and make routine recommendations
Participate in on-call rotation to provide 24 X 7 production support
Develop and maintain detailed maintenance and contingency plans and documentation for server infrastructure

HCL Infosystems - Hyderabad, India
Desktop Engineer

Role and Responsibilities:
Handling user’s technical queries and providing solution for Computers, Printers, network, and internet connectivity.
Taking daily backup of domain server and file server
Network monitoring, System and network optimization, system and network planning, management information system (MIS).
Installation and troubleshooting of Linux base client OS and connectivity with windows file server for storing data centrally.
Manage Daily call report, stock report and submit to IT Head.
Managing, Repairing, and Installation of Computers, Printers and Scanners.
Manage network and switch.
Manage wireless devices.
Install and troubleshoot applications. Checking antivirus update on daily basis.
Installing software and troubleshooting the PCs
Installation, configuring and maintaining VM-Ware Servers
Maintaining Active Directory DHCP & DNS Services
Updating servers with latest service packs and hot fixes
Experience on Microsoft OS, Installing and implementing AD
Installing, Maintaining and Trouble-shooting a LAN environment
Troubleshooting internet and intranet issues
Replacing the hardware when required
Providing hardware troubleshooting for client systems
Troubleshooting software installation issues
Granting permissions to the network drives and issues connecting network drives
Mail related issues in POP3, SMTP, and Web mail
Creating E-mail boxes and troubleshooting outlook login and usage issues
Dealing with Remote connectivity issues
Maintaining Network Printer HP 2050dn and HP 3005
Troubleshooting for Network and local printer

AVAILABILITY:
-Ready to relocate in any location
-Possess no bond with the current employer
-Currently available in Qatar on Business visa

PERSONAL DETAILS:
Date of Birth
: 15th July 1986
Marital status
: Married
Languages Proficiency
: English, Hindi, Urdu, Arabic
Reference
: Available on request.

Contact this candidate
