
Page * of *
Resume of Dhanya Ajaikumar
+974-**-******(QATAR)
adaiw9@r.postjobfree.com
Personal Information
Name: Dhanya Ajaikumar
Date of birth: 13
th
May 1983
Sex: Female
Marital status: Married
Nationality: Indian
Visa status: Under Husband’s
Sponsarship
Passport Details
Passport Number: R 2282027
Issue Date: 31/05/2017
Expiry Date: 31/05/2027
Place of Issue: Doha
Computer Knowledge
AutoCAD (Version-2000-2017)
3DX Max
MS Office (2003,07 & 17)
Adobe PDF, DWF & True View
Internet Applications
Objective
To acquire a credible position in the Estimation/Cost Control/Quantity Surveying disciplines and to be part of the dedicated team in growing organization where my experience, education and abilities will be an asset and utilize whole opportunities for the development of organization and self.
Educational Qualifications
Pre-Degree, Calicut University, Kerala, India. (1998-2000)
Civil Engineering Diploma. (2001-2004)
Auto cad. (CADD Center, Thrissur, Kerala, India)
3d Max. (CADD Center, Thrissur, Kerala, India)
MS Office Applications.
Experience in Qatar (5.5 years Qatar Experience)
M/s. TASHGEEL Trading & Construction management (From 2013 April to 2018 July) This is one of the Construction companies with more than 10 subsidiary companies. Position Handled: Estimation Officer/Quantity Surveyor. PRE – CONTRACT STAGE
Review of Tender drawings/documents for discrepancies, additional BOQ items/scope and incorporating within the tender offer; preparing tender query and seeks clarification from consultants.
Review scope of work, contract terms and conditions and any other client requirement.
Preparation of Bill of Quantities for EPC bids.
Quantity Take Off for all Civil elements (manually, Auto-CAD) based on pricing preambles and compiling the Tender BOQ with description. Preparation of Quantities for Site requirements.
Analysis of rates for Labor, Material and Plant (fixed and variable) and thus assist build up costing, pricing and analysis of direct and indirect cost for the BOQ items.
Maintain vendors data base, Floating Enquiries to subcontractors and suppliers.
Analyze and compare quotations received at bid stage and clarifying exclusions/qualifications within.
Compilation of tender/bid offer submissions.
POST – CONTRACT STAGE
Preparing and agreeing payments applications/valuations so that payment is received in accordance with the terms of the contract conditions; Works progress.
Allocating work to subcontractors, negotiating prices and preparing sub-contract documents, work order etc.
Purchasing of specific construction materials.
Valuing completed work and arranging payments.
Maintaining awareness of the different building contracts in current use.
Maintain logs for claims and thereby agreeing variations/change orders.
.
Page 2 of 2
Resume of Dhanya Ajaikumar
Languages Known
English
Hindi
Malayalam
Address
Current Address
Al Hilal
Doha - Qatar
Permanent Address
Athiyarath (H)
Puthenchira P.o (P O)
Thrissur
Kerala, India.
Reference
Reference up on request.
Preparing and compiling variation claim document with all relevant substantiation to the satisfaction of the Engineer/Employer.
Prepare & Compile “Final Accounts Payment application” with relevant substantiation and documents as per contract obligations.
Analyze and Recommend Subcontract payment application based on actual progress of S/C work.
SUCCESSFUL MAJOR TENDERS AND PROJECTS.
Design and Build of Pearl Legacy Project – Private Engineering Office.
Salwa Resort Hotel – Private Engineering Office.
Construction of 24 Villa Compound in Rayyan – Shaikh Hamad Bin Suhaim Al Thani(Client).
Construction of 50 Villa Compound in Lusail – Shaikh Hamad Bin Suhaim Al Thani(Client).
Construction of Security Fence at New Port Project – Thales(Client).
500 Villas at Al Wajba – Domopan(Client).
Construction of Private Palace in Al Rayyan – Shaikh Hamad Bin Suhaim Al Thani(Client).
Doha College – Domopan(Client).
Experience in India
M/s. Keystone Engineers & Systems (From 2004 to 2010). This is one of the Engineering Design based operating network for Industrial and Commercial Service.
Position Handled: QUANTITY SURVEYOR
Areas of Exposure
To assist the client and designers in setting a realistic and structured budget for construction works. This helps designers to design within budget and allows potential overspends to be noticed early enough for savings to be made.
To manage the procurement and tendering process and ensure to obtain clear and unqualified prices from tenderers so qualifications and exclusions from the tenders are dealt with.
Plans costs to help the design team stay within the project budget.
Preparation of final detailed estimate together with project Architect.
Taking off Quantities for all activities involved in project Personality
I am an enthusiastic self-starter capable of advancing up any learning curve; I am a team player and have the abilities to work with diverse personalities. I believe that I am an achiever with directions and I am capable of working within deadlines. I am eager and willing to take up responsibilities that will enable me to learn and work in different fields. Declaration
I hereby declare that all the details given above are true and correct to the best of my Knowledge and belief.

Contact this candidate
