
Sales Executive
Objective
To obtain a Management position in a growing organization that leverages my knowledge and experience as a Manager, sales experienced Manager, leader and planner to achieve company targets and brand awareness.
Core Competencies
Management & Sales
Project Management
Customer Focus
Direct Marketing & Advertising
Sales Forecasting & Budgeting
Time Management
Strategic Development
Analytical Thinking
Sales Systems and Processes

Professional Experience
Hajoca Corporation
Weinstein Supply – Sales Manager, Website Administrator, Purchasing & Operations Manager - April 2017 to current
Supervise, schedule and train staff to ensure efficient, effective, and profitable operation of all job functions.
Website Design, Content, Customer Correspondence, and Administrator – All aspects of company website
Assist with recruiting, developing, training, coaching, and managing the Profit Center team.
Review daily sales and inventory reports and address any issues.
Manage and monitor multiple relationships with vendors.
Train the sales team, set realistic sales goals, monitor sales calls, give feedback & constructive criticism on sales calls.
Evaluate inventory management reports regularly to ensure an accurate and efficient annual physical inventory.
Ensure the Profit Center conducts all business in accordance with company policy and procedures.
Responsible for purchase of material, inventory management and system cost administration of product lines for multiple branches.
Liaise with Hajoca Purchasing, Information Systems, Branch Operations, Sales, Accounting and suppliers to facilitate sourcing, quoting and purchasing of products.
Establish inventory performance goals with Purchasing Director to establish criteria and measurements on branch and regional level.
Travel to other Profit Centers, vendors and rep agencies for strategic planning and problem resolution.
Resolve accounts payable issues involving: pricing, receipt variances and defective claims.
Assist with the recruitment, development, training, coaching, evaluation and management of the Profit Center team.
Build relationships in the community to understand the marketplace, increase market share and identify new markets.
Safeguard and maintain all Profit Center assets – buildings, fleet, equipment, inventory and receivables.

Key accomplishments –
Responsible for the growth of business by 200% from 2017 to 2019.
Personally responsible for bringing in new customers that make up 40% of customer base
Outside Sales conversion rate of 18%

CMC – Cinnaminson Mechanical Contractors
Technician, October 2015 to May 2017
Responsible for commercial marketing and advertising.
Worked installing Roofing, Siding, A/C, Heating & Plumbing
Technician for Commercial Contracting (Hotels, Restaurants, Medical Buildings, etc.)
Application of HVAC & Roofing products throughout commercial projects.

Marlin Equipment Finance
Business Development Manager, April 2014 to July 2015
Developed & managed a portfolio of customers in the B2B space.
Prospected and acquired new customers, as well as grow the activity levels of current customer relationships.
Enabled customers to grow their business by taking advantage of the benefits of commercial financing using telephone solicitation, targeted outside visits, and attendance of industry trade shows.
Called on new sales leads to build relationships and generate sales.
Grew existing business accounts through consultative selling.
Wrote documents for lease signatures from vendors & commercial customers.
Achieved monthly sales volume and account management quotas.
Ripken Baseball, Inc. – Baltimore, Maryland
West Coast Account Representative, November 2011 to 2012
Lead and directed sales for the west coast market: California, Arizona, Oregon & Washington.
Increased total contacts, leads, and sales year over year in the California market.
Procured new corporate partners to enhance customer experience, increase brand awareness, and achieve revenue targets.
Established key partnerships with influential league contacts offering more exposure at the grassroots level.
Developed and implemented a strategic model to support sales efforts in western states.
Product Sales Manager, April 2007 to November 2011
Oversight of all sales and marketing initiatives of the Camps & Coaching Clinics of the Amateur Baseball business: Responsibilities included: product line management, personnel management, forecasting and budgeting, sales systems and processes, marketing plans and execution, liaison to fulfillment and delivery services, and training & development of current sales representatives.
Supervised Account Representatives on a daily basis and managed the camp sales planning, forecasting & budgeting, product mix & development, reporting and execution processes.
Lead and directed the work of camp sales for account representatives and individual contributors – both inside and outside sales representatives.
Trained and mentored sales associates and college interns in revenue generation, lead generation, and overall sales effectiveness.
Oversaw the expansion of Ripken Academy’s external organizational alliances and consumer base.
Procured new corporate partners to enhance customer experience, increase brand awareness, and achieve revenue targets.

Key Accomplishments:
•Led Ripken Amateur Baseball business sales and marketing efforts to make the 2011 fiscal year the highest revenue-grossing year in company history.
•Developed and implemented a regional sales model to support sales efforts in core & emerging sales markets.
•1st sales representative to exceed $900k in gross revenue (Camps & Tournaments) in department history.
•Created and implemented various sales strategies at grassroots levels for Camps & Coaching Clinics.
•Team leader in all sales categories.
•Demonstrated aptitude in the areas of: prospecting, lead development, relationship building, and closing.

Disney’s Wide World of Sports – Orlando FL
Premium & Special Events Manager - April 2006 to March 2007
Lead Coordinator for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers at the DWWS Complex for the Preseason Football Season
oFacility Operations and scheduling for Players & Coaches, Organize Vehicle Transports for Players
oKey operator for Food, Beverage, Special Events, News conferences for team and coaches
oHead Coach John Gruden – personal liaison between team and DWWS personnel
Lead Coordinator for the Atlanta Falcons Spring Training Program
oFacility Operations and scheduling for Players & Coaches, Organize Vehicle Transports for Players
oKey operator for Food, Beverage, Special Events, News conferences for team and coaches
oManaging Spring Training equipment & facility scheduling for Atlanta Braves
oManager Bobby Cox – personal liaison between team and DWWS personnel

Education
EAST STROUDSBURG UNIVERSITY, East Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania
Master of Science in Sports Management – Spring 2007

EAST STROUDSBURG UNIVERSITY, East Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania
Bachelor of Science in Sports Medicine / Athletic Training – Spring 2005

REFERENCES – Available upon request

Contact this candidate
