
Page * of *
Steven C. Chang
917-***-**** / adaiep@r.postjobfree.com
October 3rd, 2019
Dear Hiring Manager,
I am submitting for your consideration, my interest in the opportunity to join the Open Space Institute as its IT/Facilities Coordinator.
I joined The Atlantic Philanthropies in 2007 as an IT Support Lead, after spending 5 years at Yahoo! Inc. in a desktop support role, both delivering a variety of technical, training and process solutions to all staff levels, working closely with C-Suite executives, Board members, business guests, service providers and employees. I was then promoted to the IT Systems Manager position in 2016 to take over key responsibilities for various projects and initiatives, including greater outsourcing of systems to the Cloud and minimizing costs and reducing reliance on internal staffing of the department. I wanted to devote my skills towards a greater, human-connected paradigm and mission, which lead my search into the not-for-profit space.
My roles at Atlantic required close coordination with our external IT consulting partners on projects and support, and I worked with the Director of Facilities extensively on many matters, including events AV setup and conference coordination, office supplies ordering, vendor service of copiers and printers, HVAC system troubleshooting, office lighting, ergonomics, phone system, guest access and electrical issues. I also advised and teamed up with the heads of multiple remote offices in furnishing supplies, building out and upgrading their office infrastructure with local providers. People-focused support is a cornerstone of my professional values, adding diligence and patience while giving them prompt and correct service. I provided responsive, creative and prioritized answers whenever available and became the main contact everyone looks to for advice, including non- technical. My strong relationships permeate at all levels through compassion, leadership, and resourcefulness. The hands-on problem-solving and analytical abilities I acquired over the years can be a strong contributor to the success of your organization. I welcome the opportunity to discuss this position, and my qualifications in greater detail with you. Thank you for your time and careful consideration. Sincerely,
Steven Chang
Enclosed: Resume
Page 2 of 2
STEVEN C. CHANG
Phone: 917-***-**** Email: adaiep@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/stevencchang/ INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY LEAD
Accomplished technical professional with nearly 20 years of experience implementing technology initiatives at for-profit and non-profit organizations. Committed to quality and driving service excellence, cost savings and ROI while optimizing resources and delivering performance in alignment with organizational needs. EXPERTISE:
Business Solutions
Vendor Management
Expenditure Planning
Technology Integration
Resource Optimization
Customer Relations
PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND:
THE ATLANTIC PHILANTHROPIES USA, INC. NEW YORK, NY A global limited-life foundation, which by 2020 will have provided over $8 billion dollars in grant investments. IT Systems Manager 1/2016 – 12/2018
Role Highlights and Achievements
Oversaw Help Desk Technician, managed service providers, vendor contracts, software licenses, implemented business policies and budget controls of the IT Dept. while reporting to the COO.
Provide business technology support, administration and training at all levels to Atlantic’s staff.
Lead SME on projects and addressing IT requests, identify challenges, and seeking optimal solutions for COO, department stakeholders, leveraging appropriate resources to achieve desired outcomes.
Promoted to Systems Manager in 2016 after managing successful initiatives and IT consultant projects.
Enacted cost-effective IT budget reductions from $1.2MM to $400K over 8 years in line with planned organization strategic right-sizing from 140 to 12 persons, and closure of 5 satellite offices. IT Support Executive (Lead) 10/2007 – 12/2015
Role Highlights and Achievements
Responsible for ensuring outstanding end-user support experience for 140 staff and 7 offices.
Account creation and management, on-boarding device deployment and termination recovery, phone services configuration, security updates, MDM, hardware procurement and asset inventory tracking.
Coordinated, setup and troubleshoot presentations, audio and video conferences, board meetings, professional events AV and annual staff convenings.
Tasked with research and evaluation of new IT solutions or enhancements to existing systems.
Transitioned telecom and data systems to Cloud/VM, reducing infrastructure footprint and costs.
2008-2009 new NYC office buildout: planned, selected, and commissioned media systems of conference rooms, working closely with A/V integration vendor. YAHOO! INC. (now ALTABA, INC.) NEW YORK, NY
An Internet technology company providing a wide range of content and services. IT Mobile Support Technician 4/2002 – 10/2007
Role Highlights and Achievements
Supported Yahoo’s North American field offices responsible for 700 end-users.
Augmented server and network teams with field equipment upgrades, troubleshooting and setups.
Managed multi-region hardware inventory and cyclical technology upgrade projects.
Collaborated with internal teams and external vendors for major conference events AV/IT support.
Traveled to U.S. field offices to elevate service performance and end-user satisfaction. Page 3 of 2
Steven C. Chang 1-917-***-****
THCG, INC. NEW YORK, NY
A venture-capital firm providing investment banking and financial advisory services. Desktop Support Technician 4/1999 – 6/2001
Role Highlights and Achievements
End-user support and general NT/Exchange server administration for 12 executives and staff.
Transitioned application servers to Citrix platform for improved DR and operating efficiency.
Procured hardware, managed inventory and technical vendor relationships. ENTERPRISE TECHNICAL PROFILE:
Operating Systems: Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Windows Server, MacOS. Data Security: Symantec MessageLabs Anti-Spam, Acronis Cloud Backup, Veritas EV.Cloud Email Archive, Veeam VMWare Backups, Symantec/Trend Micro Anti-virus. Hosted/Cloud: Microsoft Office365, SharePoint, OneDrive, Box.com, G-Suite, Mitratech Secretariat Cloud, Fluxx Grants Management. Zoom, Skype for Business, BlueJeans Network, GoToMeeting, WebEx video and audio conferencing services. Audio/Visual: Poly (Plantronics+Polycom), Tandberg (Cisco), Logitech video systems, Crestron room controls, digital projectors, audio mixers, and wireless microphone systems. Software: Microsoft Office Suite, Outlook, ConnectWise, Kaseya, VMWare vSphere, POP, IMAP, OWA, Citrix XenApp, Remote Desktop, TeamViewer. Mobile: Apple, Windows Phone, Android smartphones and tablet devices. Carrier services, equipment procurement and account management.
Networking: LAN/WAN/WLAN, VPN, TCP/IP, DHCP, DNS, VoIP (Cisco Call Manager) Dell SonicWall, basic Cisco and HP managed switches, routers. AFFILIATIONS:
2007-2018 Technology Affinity Group (www.tagtech.org) Foundation-centric IT Professionals Network with quarterly and annual gatherings EDUCATION:
2018 American Management Association New York, NY
3-day Coursework: Management Skills for New Supervisors 1994-1999 New York University New York, NY
Major: International Relations

Contact this candidate
