
SUMMARY

Lytsenko Yaroslav
**.**** CNC/CAD/CAM Senior Programmer, INAGRORPOM, Dnipro.
09.2010 upgraded to the Technical Director, INAGRORPOM, Dnipro.

EXPERIENCE:
03.2005-09.2005 – system administrator supermarket "MiSS» t.Lozova, Kharkov reg.
01.2005 second level electronic - engineer and system administrator of the machine tools department with CNC, "LKMZ", Lozova, Kharkov region.
11.2009 upgraded Senior CNC Programmer of the Department of Information Technologies, JSC "LKMZ", Lozova, Kharkov region.
EDUCATION:
1998 - 2003 - Kharkov National University of Radio Electronics, Faculty of Computer Science, Computer Systems Analyst

LANGUAGES AND OTHER SKILLS:
Ukrainian – C2, Russian – C2
English – A2-B1

I have a diverse engineering background with experience in metal and plastic products design and manufacturing. I had worked as a programmer, designer and technical support engineer for many Metals and Machine Trading companies. This gave me practical experience in Plastic & Metals designs and manufacturing.
Managing metal processing manufacturing companies and new products design and manufacturing on traditional and digital Machines including pricing and Bill of Materials.
I have experience in SolidWorks, Pro\Engineer, PowerShape, Solid Cam, ArtCam, PowerMill.
Development, editing of post-processors for various CNC systems for Power Mill
I have experience in programming and operating 3 Axis CNC Routers and Milling Machines (Fanuc, Sinumeric, Wlabs, Balt System, CNT)
I have increased production in companies that I worked in because of my deep knowledge in production technology, CAD-CAM software, tools and cutting speed.

My responsibilities:
- developing and design new Spare parts, and Molds.
- design of 3D Model, spare parts and Molds in CAD CAM software.
- Preparation of Detailed Shop drawings & As-Built drawings.
- Preparation of BOM required for individual projects.
- Making of programs for CNC Machines.
- Creating instructions for machine operators.
- Preparation of Detailed Shop drawings & As-Built drawings.
- Preparation of BOM required for individual projects.
- Experience working with plastic injected molds. Especially the programming of electrodes to be EDM'ed in sinker type machines.

Was trained and certified for practical use of CAD:
CAMWorks (writing control programs for CNC machines) "Intersed Ukraine" Kyiv
TechCard, Search (software administration) Intersed Ukraine, Kyiv
PowerMILL (Making of programs for CNC Machines) "Center CNC" Lviv
Administration the Windows OS Family
Installation and adjustment of the network, administration of office software
Good knowledge of the Microsoft Office family, Adobe Photoshop
Ability to work with peripheral office equipment.
Personal qualities: dedication, hard work, responsibility, decency, sociability. I do not smoke.
Date and place of birth: February 11, 1981, Kharkov.
Age 38 years old
Address: 64606, Lozova, m. 2, Building 46, Apt. 40. Mobile phone: +38-066-***-**-**
E-mail: adai9v@r.postjobfree.com
My certificates:

Wyrażam zgodę na przetwarzanie moich danych osobowych w dokumencie CV oraz w innych przekazanych przeze mnie dokumentach przez Kufieta SJ- zarówno na potrzeby prowadzonej rekrutacji jak również po jej zakończeniu oraz dla celów związanych z prowadzonymi w przyszłości procesami rekrutacyjnymi. Jednocześnie wyrażam zgodę na pozostawienie przekazanych dokumentów związanych z rekrutacją przez Kufieta SJ
oraz na przetwarzanie moich danych osobowych w celu tworzenia i prowadzenia elektronicznej bazy danych, co umożliwi wykorzystanie moich danych osobowych w kolejnych procesach rekrutacyjnych zgodnie z ustawą o ochronie danych osobowych z dnia 29 sierpnia 1997 r. (tekst jednolity: Dz.U. z 2015r., poz. 2135).
Swoje dane podaję dobrowolnie, wiem o prawie do ich dostępu, poprawiania oraz do mojej decyzji o całkowite usunięcie moich danych.

Contact this candidate
