
Page * of *
Muhammad Azhar
MRI Technologist.
Phone: (92-345*******, (964) 751-***-****
Email: adajn0@r.postjobfree.com
Passport no: BE1848832
D.O.B: October 24, 1986
Nationality: Pakistani
Objective
To utilizes and develop my demonstrated performance as a employee, where my potential are put to use for mutual benefits of all concerned, seeking opportunities and challenges for professional growth. Key Skill & Competencies
Good interpersonal, problem solving skills. Ability to deal successfully with all level of staff with effective communication.
Work as team leader in shift duties
Nature of Work
MRI (1.5T and 3T).
CT scan.
General Radiography & Special Procedure.
Assisted Ultrasound procedure.
Fluoroscopy
Academic
Bachelors in Associate of Applied
Science (AAS)
Dow University of Health Sciences, Karachi,
2014
Intermediate – Pre-Engineering
Board of Intermediate Education Karachi,
2006
Secondary School certificate (S.S.C –
Matriculation)
DHA SKBZ School, Phase VI, Karachi,
2003
Muhammad Azhar MRI & CT Technologist
Page 2 of 4
Courses and Training:
Description Training organization
MRI. Agha Khan University Hospital.
Conventional radiography. Agha Khan University Hospital.
Fluoroscopy. Agha Khan University Hospital.
C ARM in Operation Theater. Agha Khan University Hospital.
Basic Life Support Certification. Agha Khan University Hospital.
Participated in workshop on
"Service Excellence" &
"Communication Skills"
Agha Khan University Hospital.
Intravenous Cannulation
Certificate
Agha Khan University Hospital.
Successfully completed training
of "CR (computed radiography)"
Agha Khan University Hospital.
Successfully completed "Courtesy
Management" skills class
Agha Khan University Hospital.
Involved in departmental and
institutional audits related to
“Joint Commission International
accreditation (JCIA)”
ISO
Professional experience
Medya Diagnostic Center, Erbil Kurdistan Iraq.
MRI & CT Technologist June 2018 – Present
Medya is the premier medical diagnostic center of Kurdistan Region and the first in greater Iraq to be accredited by the College of American Pathologists, providing international standard and quality diagnostic pathology and medical imaging services to the community. Since October 2008, Medya Diagnostic Center (MDC) offers full service diagnostics to the public and private sectors. It is positioned to be responsive to the needs of the health system, developing and implementing new tests and methods that are not available in the region. The laboratory and radiology units of MDC are situated in a state of the art and purpose build 7000sqm facility. I am associated with Medya Diagnostic Center working in MRI & CT Scan Technologist in all routine procedure including Lumber spine, Cervical spine, Thoracic spine, Whole spine, Breast Mri and all Extremities scan with using of Siemens (1.5 tesla).
Muhammad Azhar MRI & CT Technologist
Page 3 of 4
Roles & Responsibilities
Working On Vantage Titan 3T and Siemens Avanto 1.5T
Perform all routine MRI procedures including
Brain, Brain for sella, All special and Dynamic Studies
Whole Spine with and without contrast,
MR musculo-skeletal,
MR Angiography Non Contrast and Contrast Enhanced.
MR Cholangiography.
MR Spectroscopy.
MR Tractrography.
General Radiography X_RAY
Fluoroscopy
Intravenous pyelography
OPG & Cephalometry
Operation Theater Radiography (All Orthopedic and Neuro Procedures)
To create images of patients of high quality that physicians and surgeons useto diagnose and treat diseases
Perform general X-rays including (skull radiography, extremities long film, pediatric radiography, intravenous pyelography (IVP), Dental OPG & Cephalometry)
Special procedures such as Urethogram, Silogram, Sinogram, ERCP. Barium studies i.e. Barium swallow, Bariummeal, Small bowl enema, Barium enema singe & double contrast etc. under Fluoroscopy.
Perform Operation Theatre Radiography
Past Experience
Agha Khan University Hospital.
Senior Radiographer Feb 2010 – May 2018
Agha Khan University is an independent research university with its primary campus in Karachi, Pakistan, with additional campuses and training programmer in Kenya, Tanzania, Uganda, United Kingdom and Afghanistan The university campus in Karachi is ranked among the top 185 universities in Asia I was working at Agha Khan University in MRI in all routine procedures and special procedure like Spectroscopy Tractography, perfusion scan, Angiography & Venography of brain, carotid dissection and renal MRA. During Radiology Department general radiography including (skull radiography, extremities long film, pediatric radiography, intravenous pyelography (IVP), Dental OPG & Cephalometry) OR (Operation Room) Radiography including procedures (IM Nailing), lithotripsy, Laminectomy and other C Arm procedures, Portable Radiography. Liaquat National Hospital
As a X-ray Technician December 2006 – Feb 2010
I was working in General X-Ray Department, including Fluoroscopy and portable X-Ray and also working Emergency Department and Operation Theater C Arm with different procedures (IM Nailing), lithotripsy, Laminectomy and other C Arm procedures.
Muhammad Azhar MRI & CT Technologist
Page 4 of 4
Conference and Seminar
Attended ‘10th International Radiology conference” organized by Radiology Society of Pakistan at Sheraton Hotel Karachi.
Attended and Participated “47th Annual Medical Symposium & Workshop” at “Jinnah postgraduate medical Centre” Karachi
Attended and participated in 1st Annual workshop on Radiology State of Art in 2007 held at SIUT, Karachi, Pakistan. Organized by Pakistan Academy of Radiological Sciences (PARS).Conference Computer Literacy
CIT (Certificate of Information Technology)
MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, internet Surfing. and Seminar

Contact this candidate
