
CURRICULAM – VITAE

ALOK SAHOO
AT- KALOPATRA
PO- HIRMA
P.S. - BADMAL
DIST- JHARSUGUDA
Pin - 768202
Mail ID –adajf3@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile No: +91-720*******

PROFESSIONAL SNAPSHOT:-

Astute performer with 4 year 7 months of versatile experience in TBR Stock production & technology, Process auditing and Manufacturing.

A keen communicator with honed problem solving and relationship management Skills.

An effective leader with the excellent interpersonal and strong analytical, problem solving and organizational abilities.

OBJECTIVE:-

To work in globally competitive environment on challenging assignments that shall yield the twin of job satisfaction and a steady paced professional growth. To pursue and obtain a challenging position with an organization that provides me an opportunity to grow and to contribute to the overall success of the organization. To associate myself with an organization that has the potential for future growth and ample scope of learning. To be a part of an organization that allows me to explore and bring out the talent inherent in me and helps me to a lot in the process. I would be able to deliver the best of my knowledge and utilize the skills and implement and contribute towards the new technologies. I am keen in innovating new ideas to achieve the milestones.

ACADEMIC:-

B.Tech in Mechanical Engineering from Sundargarh Engineering College, Sundargarh (2011-2014) with 69.44%
Diploma in Mechanical Engineering at Sundargarh Engineering School (2008 – 2011) with 76.93%

HSC from Panchayat High School, Badmal in 2008 with 70.12%

Project & Training:-
On “Robot Engineering & Technology” Organized by Robotryst IIT-Delhi at Silicon Institute of Technology, Sambalpur, Odisha.
Project on “Line Following Robot (LFR)” During the final year of B.tech

WORK EXPERIANCE:-

Operation Engineer (PRODUCTION) in TBR Stock area of JK TYRE & INDUSTRIES LTD. CHENNAI tyre plant, From March 2015 to till now. Having 1 year 11 Months of experience in tyre industry
Lecturer in Mechanical Engineering Department of Indus Educational Trust, Bhubaneswar, From August 2014 to February 2015.

CORPORATE HISTORY:-

A recollection of our past gives us pride, but it is the responsibility of the future that makes us wise. JK TYRE was incorporated as a private limited company in west Bengal in FEBRUARY 14, 1951.Until MARCH 31, 1970 the company was engaged in managing agency business in FEBRUARY 1972 for the manufacture of automobile tyres & tubes.
The company name changed into JK INDUSTRY LTD.
With effect from MAY 24, 1974 consequent upon conversion of the company into a public limited company.

PRESENT RESPONSIBILITIES:-

Planning and Controlling of Work Schedule of Various jobs.
Create machine SOP, control chart, and check sheet& traceability register.
Erection and commissioning done with CONTINENTAL, MESNAC, FINEMAC, KONSTRUKTA engineers for TDA, Bias Cutter, Slitter, Supper Assembly Machines.
Applying 5s system and Layouts in shop floor.
Responsible for production planning and efficient use of man power and the machines.
Give the Quality Product for Internal Customer Satisfactions.
File Management and Man Power Handling.
Trouble Shooting Process & Problem Solving.
Do the process as per defined work Instructions.
Analysis of machine downtime and make corrective action.
Action taken about unsafe condition.
Responsible for scrap and rework control.
To check the material as an internal customer for a better quality.
To prepare the seasonal estimates of all stores in advance.
Working in an electrical parameter & mechanical parameter, fully automation machine. Like CONTINENTAL & FINEMAC TDA, Manual Apexing, Auto Doubling and Chaffer Slitter.
Daily productions planning with maintain FIFO.
KAIZEN practice.
Implementation of OEE for TBR stock area.
Trained the new DIPLOMA ENGINEER perfectly with safety to improve the efficiency and productivity of machine. Skill development among the fresh diploma associates in making the machine more efficient and productive
Dealing with vendor.
An enterprising individual with strong analytical, problem solving & organizational abilities.
An effective team player with abilities to demonstrate reliability, communicate constructively, listen actively, show commitment to the team and works as a problem solver
Undergone training on first aid and safety to keep awareness on safety trends in department as well as plant.
Daily planning for achievement of production.
Achieve defined production targets while meeting the specified quality standards.
Directing, leading and motivating workforce; imparting continuous on job training for accomplishing greater operational effectiveness/ efficiency.
Working on succession planning of the workforce, shift management activities, appraising the member’s performance & providing feedback
Job Responsibility at Indus Educational Trust:-
Taking Classes on Design of Machine Element/Components of Mechanical Engineering Students and Fluid Mechanic and Machines of Electrical Engineering Students as per the Lecture Plan & Syllabus.
Doing Invigilation in Exam Duties in Fair & Transparent Manner.
Doing official paper works for the organization.

PROJECT IN PLANT:-

Rework reduction of Apex, Sidewall, and IL.
Scrap reduction of BRTTL, Nylon Chaffers
This project is used for reduction of rework as well as down time.
It skills:-
Working knowledge in operating MS OFFICE, SIFFY AND SAP.
ACHIVEMENTS: - .
Awarded as Star Performer.
Awarded for Full Attendance.

ADDITIONAL EXPOSURE: - .
Undergone Safety Training.
Undergone Safety Training From British Safety Council
Undergone Behavioral Based Safety Training.
Undergone First Aid and Fire Fighting Training
Undergone 5s System Training.
Undergone TPM & TQM Classes
Undergone Training of SMT (self-managed team)

Area of Interest:
Mechanical Maintenance
Manufacturing/Production
Health Safety and Environment Department

STRENGTH & SKILLS:-
Self-Confidence
Commitment towards every work undertaken
Kind & Good respect to everybody
Time management
Positive Attitude
Good Team Spirit
Passionate About life

LANGUAGE CAPABILITY:-

Can read, write and speaks Odia, Hindi and English, Can speak somewhat of Tamil.

PERSONAL DETAILS:-
Name : ALOK SAHOO
Father’s name : ULLASH SAHOO
Date of Birth : 15th April 1993
Sex : Male
Marital Status : Single
Nationality : Indian
Religion : Hindu
Passport No. : MO379416
Emp. Exch. No. : VE-1399/2015
Hobbies : Watching cricket, socializing with friends and relatives, listening
Music, Gardening, and Reading Newspapers.
Birth Place : Brajrajnagar
Blood group : B+
Current CTC : 3.3 Lac/Annum

DECLARATION:-
I do hereby declare that all information’s given above are true to my best of knowledge and believes and I shall sincerely executed my duties to the full of satisfy.

Place: Chennai Yours Truly,

Date: 20/09/2019 (ALOK SAHOO)

Contact this candidate
