
Gene A. Manyak
North Grafton, MA
adajcl@r.postjobfree.com
774-***-****

Applications Engineer 3/08 – 6/16
Schott North America - Southbridge, MA

Provided technical assistance for company Sales Reps and customers with the application of fiber optics product line.
Supplied cost quotes to Marketing for potential new products per customer specifications
Assisted Production with the manufacturing of new product samples for customer evaluation
Provided technical assistance and training, by telephone and on-site for customers and sales representatives
Experience with CRM systems and SAP
Applications Engineer / Lab Manager 11/01 – 2/07
Kidde-Fenwal lnc. - Ashland, MA.

Responsibilities include coordinating and executing the application of gas ignition and temperature control products on OEM equipment.
Provided technical assistance by telephone and on-site for customers and sales representatives.
Supplied engineering samples for customer evaluation. Proven ability to analyze and solve complex problems.
Provided CE and UL approved engineering samples
Supervised 3 technicians and was responsible for their annual performance reviews/pay increases.
Provide input for sustained engineering and quality teams
Attended trade shows and provided technical information for potential customers

Electrical Compliance Engineer 3/01 - 6/01
Capewell Components - South Windsor, CT.
Contracted to set-up a UL Test Lab for Electro-mechanical timer and switch product line.
Developed test plans, procedures and responsible for the selection of necessary test equipment.
Liaison between UL field representative and Capewell Components.

Electrical Compliance Engineer 6/00 - 02/01
Otis Elevator Company, Farmington, CT.
Contracted to review, test and recommend any necessary design changes of a door operator system to obtain CSA approval.
Developed test plans and preparation of CSA test reports, as well insuring the system met the elevator safety code requirements.
Liaison between CSA field representative and Otis Elevator Company.

Applications Specialist 1/99 - 6/00
Kidde-Fenwal lnc. Ashland, MA.
Coordinated and executed the application of the gas ignition and temperature control product line on OEM equipment.
Provided technical assistance and training by telephone as well as on-site for customers and company sales representatives.
Provided CE and UL approved engineering samples for customer evaluation.

Product Support Engineer 2/96 - 1/99
Kaman Electromagnetics Corporation, Hudson, MA.
Supported the Qualification Testing of an electric motor, traction power inverter, and auxiliary power inverter systems for use on a monorail train.
The configuration used was a closed loop power set-up. All simulation testing was accomplished by utilizing Labview.
Worked closely with customer to define test plans as well as emulate the vehicle environment.
Prepared final Qualification Test reports using Microsoft Word and Excel.
Supported manufacturing with testing, troubleshooting and repairing Motorola 68332 surface-mount boards.
Completed project by actual testing on the monorail train by utilizing LabVIEW to monitor all readings.

Test Engineer 1/94 -12/95
Waters Corporation, Milford, MA
Contracted to design and build test equipment for a newly released product.
Responsibilities included: entire system cabling design, prototype circuit board layout and documentation using ORCAD and VISIO software.
Technical Support Engineer 10/87 -12/93
Alloy Computer Product, Inc., Marlboro, MA
Technical Support Engineer- provided customer support for registered users of all Alloy products, including analysis, investigation and solution of problems reported.

Computer Retail Store Owner l Founder 12/83 - 9/87
Valley Computer Supply, Uxbridge, MA.
Founder and proprietor of computer and supplies retail store.
Responsibilities included Sales, Service, Marketing, Advertising and bookkeeping.
Provided hands-on training classes for customers.

Senior Engineering Technician 11/75 - 09/83
Millipore Corporation -Waters Chromatography Div., Milford, MA
Job duties entailed constructing and testing prototypes, wire wrap boards and test fixtures, utilizing oscilloscopes, voltmeters, signal generators, power supplies and computer emulators.
Promoted to Senior Engineering Technician; duties included entire system cable design and the redesign of a 5 column by 7 row thermal dot matrix printer driver board.

EDUCATION
Central New England College
Worcester, MA BSEET – Electrical Engineering Technology

Blackstone Valley Regional Technical Vocational High School
Upton, MA Major: Electronics

Contact this candidate
