
RESUME

Nikhil Mansotra
S/o. Sh. Praween Kumar
Vill Bain, P.O Pangdour
Teh & Distt. Samba (J&K).
Mob: +91-788*******
Email: adajpt@r.postjobfree.com

Career Objective

Looking forward to work in a prestigious organization, which can provide a constructive & an innovative ambience, where I can solely implement the acquired educational, technical skills, knowledge and can establish myself as an asset to the organization in the field of Human Resource.

Professional and academic Qualification

S. No.
Course
Specialization
University/Board
Year
1.
MBA
HR
Manav Bharti University, Solan (H.P)
2016-18
2.
B.Tech
ECE
Himachal Pradesh Technical University, Hamirpur (H.P)
2011-16
3.
12th
Non Med.
JKBOSE
2010-11
4.
10th

JKBOSE
2008-09

Work Experience

Company: Hindustan Foods Limited
Designation: HR Trainee
Duration: September 2018 to Till date

Company: Ericsson
Designation: Field Maintenance Engineer
Duration: August 2015 to March 2016

Skills And Summary of the Work Experience

Experience in Personal administration key areas such as maintenance of record pertained to personal record of work force, Compilation of the salary.
Recruitment and selection:
Managing Cosultants
Coordinate with the various departments for the requirement of Manpower.
Preliminary Screening of profiles.
Scheduling interview for the candidates.
Induction and Training: New joining induction and introduction with employees.
Coordination for various training programs
Have knowledge of Statutory compliances like PF, ESIC etc.
HR Operations ((Attendance, Leave Records, Payroll, Employee Query Handling, Confirmation, Monthly MIS reports, Organization Structure update, Processing of various bills, Exit process)
Assisting in various employee engagement initiatives across locations, preparing various mailer and concept notes.. Birthday Celebration, Sports events, Festival Celebrations etc.
Processing all vendor payments
Handling all office related matters (managing security, housekeeping team, office boys, Drivers etc).
Travel and Stay arrangements of visitors

Internships and Trainings:

Internship in Training and Development at Alstrong Enterprises Pvt Ltd
Online Certification course in HRM from HR SPOT
External study of recruitment and selection at Airtel in final semester
2 months training at Airtel
Worked on a Project of automatic billing machine
3 months training in TNS, Noida under project Udaan

Computer Skills

Well versed with Computer Knowledge.

Hands on experience in using various application softwares

Well versed with Computer Compatible Attendance recording system of the machine and software.

Accomplishments:

Played cricket tournament at District level, College level and University level.
Won 1st prize for project display in the final semester.
Awarded student of the month during the online certification course.

Hobbies:
Playing Cricket
Surfing Internet
Listening Music
Watching Movies
Travelling

Personal Details

Father’s Name : Sh Praween Kumar
Address : Vill. Bain, P.O Pangdour, Tehsil and District Samba (184121)
Date of Birth : 24 Nov 1993
Gender : Male
Languages Knows : English, Hindi, Dogri, Punjabi
Contact No. : +91-788*******

Date : Nikhil Mansotra

Contact this candidate
