
ERIC A. WALDORF, DC, MPH, DAAPM, CKTP
**** ****** ******* ****** § Bridgewater, NJ 08807
adajt5@r.postjobfree.com
http://www.linkedin.com/in/drericwaldorf
mobile: 732-***-****
SUMMARY
Healthcare Professional with expertise in clinical environments that include P & L management. Exceptional ability to build effective relationships with patients and the community while managing all aspects of a thriving private practice. Highly credentialed and adept in working in both hospital and private practice settings with in-depth understanding of compliance and regulatory requirements. Consistent record of delivering outstanding value, reducing expense and forging strategic partnerships.
Master of Public Health - Epidemiology
Kaplan University
Completion: 2012
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
waldorf chiropractic center, pc, Bridgewater, NJ 2000 – present
Chiropractic Physician / Principal
Manage all aspects of patient treatment, billing, compliance, insurance and customer service. Provide chiropractic treatment to pediatric through geriatric patients. Design tailored treatment plans and
apply diverse treatment techniques: Diversified, Gonstead, SOT, Activator, Thompson, Cox, Palmer Upper Cervical and Logan Basic. Utilize holistic approach to wellness that employs chiropractic treatment and lifestyle adjustments to optimize body’s normal functioning and natural healing abilities.
Grew the practice from 10 to 4,000 patients with 40% growth in 2010.
Deliver marketing presentations on chiropractic care in various settings such as St. Peters Medical Center, Bridgewater Senior Center, Monsanto, Mensa and the International Association of Administrative Professionals.
Reduced expense 30% by streamlining processes, eliminating waste and automating scheduling.
Established and maintain community presence through speaking engagements and developing strategic relationships with local businesses.
Best of Bridgewater Award for Chiropractic Clinics 2010 by US Commerce Association (USCA).
Top Doctors in America – 2004.
John Crecco Foundation Medal of Honor for work at Ground Zero – 2002.
Published Yes, Chiropractic Can Help You (2010).
bjc: christian hospital ne, St. Louis, MO 1997 – 2000
Radiologic Technician– (part time while completing Doctor of Chiropractic)
Provided radiographs for Emergency Room and Operating Room physicians.
logan college of chiropractic, Chesterfield, MO 1997 – 2000
Radiologic Technologist – (part time while completing Doctor of Chiropractic)
Produced radiographs and assisted interns in Radiology and Rehabilitation. Assisted upperclassmen with
x- rays. Teaching assistant in Pathology, Laboratory Technique, Physical Diagnosis and Embryology.
Appointed Head Resident.
hospital for special surgery – foot & ankle center, New York, NY 1996 – 1997
Chief Radiologic Technologist
Provided physicians with approximately 125 x-rays daily, applied and removed casts, fit and dispensed orthotics. Managed two technologists, controlled inventory and ordered supplies.
Created and managed the Radiology Department for the newly-launched Foot & Ankle Center.
Designed and implemented Quality Assurance Program and wrote supporting manual: defined policies and procedures and insured compliance with state requirements.

ERIC A. WALDORF, DC, MPH, DAAPM, CKTP
adajt5@r.postjobfree.com
http://www.linkedin.com/in/drericwaldorf
mobile: 732-***-****
page two
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE, cont’d
edison medical group, pa, Edison, NJ 1994 – 1996
Radiologic Technologist
Produced radiographs, performed phlebotomy and administered EKGs.

EDUCATION
Doctor of Chiropractic
Logan College of Chiropractic, Chesterfield, MO
2000
Bachelor of Science (BS)
Logan College of Chiropractic, Chesterfield, MO
1999

CERTIFICATIONS
Board Certified
American Academy of Pain Management
2003 – present
Pain Management
American Academy of Manual & Physical Medicine, Pasadena, TX
2008
Kinesio Tape Practitioner
Kinesio Tape Foundation
2008
Instructor
Sound-Assisted Soft Tissue Manipulation
2006
Hospital Protocols
American Academy of Manual & Physical Medicine, Pasadena, TX
2004
Hospital Protocols
Vista Medical Center, Pasadena, TX
2004
Manipulation Under Anesthesia
American Academy of Manipulative Medicine
2004
Chiropractic Sports Physician
NY College of Chiropractic, Seneca Falls, NY
2003
Chiropractic Sports Physician
NY College of Chiropractic, Levittown, NY
2003
Pain Management
American Academy of Manipulative Medicine
2002
Hospital Procedures
American Academy of Manipulative Medicine
2002

CLINICAL INTERNSHIPS
Mancuso Chiropractic Center, Jamesburg, NJ
2000
Doctors Chiropractic Center, Chesterfield, MO
2000
Radiology Consultants Midwest, Manchester, MO
2000
Freehold MR Associates, Freehold, NJ
1995
St. Peter’s Medical Center, New Brunswick, NJ
1994
Rahway Hospital, Rahway, NJ
1994
JFK Medical Center, Edison, NJ
1994

PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS
American Society of Quality (ASQ)
American Chiropractic Association (ACA)
American Health Information Management Association (AHIMA)
NJ Chiropractic Society
International Society of Police Surgeons
Health Awareness, Inc.
American Academy of Pain Management Logan College of Chiropractic Alumni (2nd VP)

COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT
Operation Desert Storm Medical Evacuation Team
Lifetime Member – Clara Barton First Aid Squad
Middlesex County Emergency Management
Green Knoll Rescue Squad
Somerset County Hazmat Response Team
Amtrak FOP Police Surgeon
Medical Staff – Special Olympics
Medical Staff – NJ Junior Olympic Fencing Team
Medical Director – NJ Wrestling Association
Initiated and managed Food Drive.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Proficient in PC, MAC, Blackberry and Android systems
Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint and EHR software

Contact this candidate
