
CIRRICULUM VITAE
SUDARSHAN SINGH
HN *** dashmesh enclave
Mundi kharar distt mohali
Pb- 140301
Mob No. : +91-797*******, 941-***-****
Email id –adajfb@r.postjobfree.com
Career Objective
Detail-oriented Mechanical Engineer with 6+ years of experience in managing different phases of engineering operations, looking for a managerial position. Capable of handling multiple projects at a time with minimum supervision. Motivated to offer the highest quality of services with a complete focus on safety, environmental, and health issues. I want to excel in this field with hard work, perseverance and dedication. I want a highly rewarding career where I can use my skills and knowledge to help the company and my coworkers be successful. I am seeking a company where I can use my experience and education to help the company meet and surpass its goals
Educational Qualification
Completed B.Tech in Mechanical Engineering from Himachal Pradesh University Shimla with FIRST division. Also completed the MBA in operation from IGNOU university. I have total SIX years Eight month work experience. Presently I am working in company DCM ENGG PRODUCTS LTD. as an Executive Engineer, last three years. I have good working experience of Mechanical and electrical equipments. I had three years’ work experience in M/s Micro Polytech as an Assistant Engineer of three years. Current Job experience
Maintenance of utility section of Plant such as
• DG SETS: Cummins 1000kva, 500kva, Mitsubishi 1000 kva LT and 1000 kva Cummins HT types (all A check B check, C check & D check of DG set )
• Compressors:- Maintain the screw air compressors of Atlas copco model GA-132, GA- 160 and GA-1407 and Keaser compressors . Service, repair and maintenance work of compressors. Troubleshooting of compressors breakdown. ( As as long time user of compressors I have good experience of these compressor problems that come by internal or external factors).
• Cooling towers:- Maintain the condition of cooling towers and water quality.
• LPG Yard:- Maintain the all safety parameters, maintain the all equipment that use in the LPG yard, maintain the condition of LPG bullets of 40 ton. LPG loading unloading and handling safety parameter checking.
• Refrigeration and Air conditioning :- Maintenance of refrigeration and air condition system of plant such as office AC, chillers
• Other utilities equipments:- maintenance of pumps, softening plant, tanks, electric panels, etc
Additional responsibility:-
Maintenance of melt shop machines such as furnaces, Press pour, cranes, vibrochargers etc
Supervision of centralized workshop. In which repair of gear box, motors, hoist, pneumatic and hydraulic cylinder
Experience
Previous Job Profile:
Maintenance of utility section of Plant such as DG set, compressor, chiller.
Maintenance of molding machinery as named L&T s-tech 60, L&T D-tech 150, L&T s-tech 200 L&T s- tech250, Windsor-100,150,350 & 450, Veja, Toshiba 150, Ferromatic 250.
Maintenance of cranes, mold, airline. Maintained the spare parts of machine.
Maintenance of utility section of Plant such as DG set, screw compressors, chiller, cooling towers, pumps.
Maintenance and molding machines, furnaces, Press pour, cranes, oven, conveyors, bucket elevators, Muller, production line breakdowns in plant.
Maintained the documentation and prepare the monthly review ppt.
Machine autonomous maintenance documentation.
Maintain the spare parts stock.
Handle the thirty peoples and there problems.
Make planning for coming up jobs
Responsible for maintaining and repairing heavy equipment required in the day to day working.
Responsible in troubleshooting the machines if there is any problem and complaint from the clients
Analysis of machine failures.
Assessing the needs of equipment replacements, spare parts.
Assessment of the required tools for the maintenance of the equipment.
Adopt and implement a detailed maintenance plan to minimize failures resulting in stoppage of work.
Replacing the spare parts of the machines as and when required.
Responsible for performing routine maintenance.
Responsible for maintaining an inventory for the requirement of the supplies and spare parts.
Making machine parts drawing.
Made suggestions and provided valuable insights about QA process improvements – Introduced changes to improve the quality system.
Supervise the maintenance department activities.
Responsible of maintenance and preventive maintenance for (Electrical and Organize jobs of all factory machines like: Injection molding machine Chiller, Compressors, DG set
Gives training to the foreman in Electrical, Hydraulic and Pneumatic machines for making corrective and preventive maintenance for all production machines. I have completed my Vocational Training at TATA service station Bilaspur, duration of ten weeks. I have ten week experience in mechanical automobile work shop. In this training I have gained practical knowledge about construction and working of an automobile and there parts such as how they assemble or disassemble? How they perform mechanism? What is the importance of an individual part? What is the advancement used in an automobile to increase its efficiency. Job Responsibility
Academic Qualifications
Exam Institute Board/University Division
MBA Punjab university (USOL) IGNOU university
B.Tech
Mechanical
Engg.(2008-
2012)
Green Hills Engineering College
Solan (H.P)
Himachal Pradesh
University. First
12Th
G.S.S.S Raili Jajri HPBOSE Dharmshala First
10TH G.S.S.S Raili Jajri HPBOSE Dharmshala First
Technical Trainings Experience
• Auto cad
• SAP
• MS word, excel, power point
Installation of air pollution control devices.
Modification of water pipe lines and changes the cooling circuit to reduce the power cost and improve the cooling by maintaining pressure and flow.
Changing the cooling system design of water cooled screw compressors compressors.
Installation of 500 kva DG set and 1070 cfm screw compressor.
Installation of 20mva transformer.
Installation of DM water plant.
Press pours Vat change and inductor change.
Reduction of manpower on differ type of jobs.
• Positive Attitude (I think, an engineer can do anything in his life)
• Loyalty for work, Ability to Work under Pressure.
• Best Planning, good decision maker
• Self-motivation
• Ability to adjust with changing environment
Area of interest
• R&D (I want to make simple and easy everything in life)
• Maintenance (electrical, mechanical)
• Production
• Participated and won state level volleyball championship
• Participated as a captain and won college volleyball championship
• Participated and won inter college technical events Other Personal Information:
Date of Birth 22 dec,1990
Father’s Name Sh. Hardev Singh
Nationality Indian
Permanent Address : Vill – Jajari, P.O. – Raili Jajri, Teh. – Barsar, Distt. – Hamirpur, ( H.P ) - 176039
Correspond Address :
HN 117 Dashmesh Enclave Mundi kharar distt mohali pb- 140301 DECLARATION
I consider myself familiar with almost every Engineering aspects. I am also confident of my ability to work as a competent member. I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Date:
Place: Chandigarh SUDARSHAN SINGH
Software knowledge
Project Done
Strength
Sports Activity

Contact this candidate
