
Permanent: William T. Sewter
*** ******* ****** adajae@r.postjobfree.com
Philadelphia, PA 19128 856-***-****
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY OF SKILLS
A highly qualified, innovative, dedicated and well-rounded Landscape Designer, Project Manager, CAD Technician and Graphic Designer with over 10+ years of practical, hands-on site planning and landscape design experience in residential, commercial, industrial and urban design, among others. A results oriented professional with an exemplary record of accomplishment in all phases of design and presentation. Recognized as a team player and a reliable employee, consistently completing projects ahead of time and under budget. A direct and decisive leader able to effectively and efficiently resolve issues, as well as, meet and achieve challenging goals and objectives. Excellent people skills, detail-oriented presentation skills and extreme computer proficiency in a variety of programs. Positive attitude, highly motivated and adaptable to change, interweaving a multitude of positions in any company. Self-reliant, deadline driven, and strong client services are just the ‘tip of the iceberg’ of the skills and services.
EDUCATION
The University of Rhode Island, Kingston, RI
Bachelors in Landscape Architecture Graduated: May ‘07
Licensing: In pursuit of completing Landscape Architecture Licensing
Computer Program Knowledge: Microstation, AutoCAD, Dynascape, Adobe Creative Suites, Google Sketch-Up, Lumion, Shaderlight, Microsoft Office Suite, Salesforce, Google-Earth, GIS, Pool Studios, Carlson Software, Chief Architect, Vector Works
Website: www.wsewter.com
PROFESSIONAL WORK EXPERIENCE
DiSabatino Landscaping & Tree Care, Inc. - Wilmington, DE Aug ‘14 – Present Landscape Designer/Graphic Designer/Salesforce Administrator
Designed residential projects from small landscape renovations to full Master Plans, including landscaping, hardscaping, masonry and carpentry.
Achieved monthly design quotas of +/- 25 CAD Drawings, +/- 10 3-D Models, and +/- 10 Photo Manipulation Projects
Presented designs to clients using both 2-D CAD drawings and 3-D Modeling Software for company’s entire 8-person sales-team.
Organized and maintained marketing photography, website and social media sites.
Machinery experience: Forklift, Dingo, Compact Terrain Loader, Skid Steer Loader, and Compact Excavator Lippincott Jacobs Consulting Engineers - Riverside, NJ Nov ‘11 – Aug ‘14 Landscape Designer/Project Manager
Design of residential, commercial and industrial projects, ranging from small remodels/additions to new custom homes/buildings.
CAD design and drafting services from sketches to detailed drawings, incorporating plans, layouts, elevations and cross-sections.
Preparation of accurate information regarding design, specifications, permits, zoning/codes, materials and equipment.
Construction estimating cost analysis and project budgeting, prepared business proposals.
Review architectural documents for potential conflict with other disciplines and insured they comply with the zoning regulations.
Coordination of the efforts of contractors; architectural, engineering and landscaping consultants; and government agencies, ensuring that each project is completed on time and within the set budget.
Field experience: Geotechnical and Environmental Drilling, Field Surveying, Asphalt Inspection SCS, Inc. - West Chester, PA Apr ‘09 – Nov ‘11
Project Manager/Draftsman
Designed, drafted and rendered various plans for multiple projects and prepared proposals for new project opportunities.
Facilitated and directed numerous Interstate Highway Bridges and other heavily used bridges across the United States.
Organized meetings with principal of firm and crews to sit down and discuss reports of project.
Collaborated with laboratory department to review and analyze data results of projects. McCloskey & Faber, P.C. - Blue Bell, PA Sept ‘08 – Dec ‘08 Landscape Architect
Developed preliminary and working Site Plans, Landscape Plans, renders, exhibits and other various plans.
Performed Landscape Installation Reviews for Horsham, Plymouth, Upper Gwynedd, and Upper Moreland Townships.
Prepared Landscape Installation, Escrow release, and End of Guarantee reviews for various townships. Loiederman Soltesz Associates, Inc. - Lanham, MD July ‘07 – July ‘08 Landscape Architect/Planner
Developed Concept Plans, Site Plans, Landscape Plans, Bid Plans, Construction Documents, Erosion and Sediment Control Plans, Construction Details, renders, exhibits and other various plans for clientele.
Compiled and analyzed data for environmental reports and codes and regulations. Groff’s Mill Pond Nurseries & Landscape Co. - Pitman, NJ May ‘06 – Aug ‘06 Landscape Architect Intern
Designed, estimated and implemented mid to high-end residential landscape, lighting and irrigation designs.
Developed lead base, retained and built long-term client relationships and headed one-on-one meetings with clients to design, pitch and sell landscape designs.
Foremaned groups of 2-5 men daily.
University of Rhode Island - Kingston, RI Sept ‘05 – May ‘07 Mascot ‘Rhody the Ram’
Generated school spirit for sporting events, festivals, and many other outings for the University.
Attended sporting events as character and interacted with students, fans, and children. PUBLICATIONS
June 2008 Rhode Island Sea Grant
Recommendations for Management of the Woonasquatucket River & Promenade Street District (Appendix E).

Contact this candidate
