
SHANMUGAM. J

Linux Administrator
Mobile No: +91-908*******
Mail Id : adajhz@r.postjobfree.com
Career Objective:-

Be the key person in creative environment to utilize and refine my personal skills and abilities in the Modern Technology that offers Professional growth while being resourceful, innovative and challengeable

Career Summary:-

A Professional outstanding, self-motivated career with experience in IT industry with major focus on Linux administration, BAU Activity,Patching activity, Backup and restore, cluster administration, AWS Docker Ingenious problem finder, with capacities to lucratively point out errors in early stages to avoid time/cost expenditures. Excellent leader with success in coordinating efforts within the internal external terms to reach and surpass expectations.

Innovative and exceptionally creative to foster ideas that impel the organization towards a result-oriented direction. Impeccable management and leadership skills with abilities to work independently as well as a team. Driven by new challenges and adept at adapting to any cultural and business environments.

Skill Set:-

Operating System
Linux, Centos, Ubunto,Amazon linux
Cloud
AWS
Patching
YUM
Cloud
AWS
Configuration management Tool
Ansible
Ticketing Tool
Servicenow
Containerization
Docker, Docker swarm
Web Servers
Apache
Hardware
HP PROLIANT BL460C GEN10 SERVER
Infrastructure as Code
CloudFormation.

Employer & Project Details

Organization : Softtek India Pvt Ltd, Bangalore,India
Designation : Technical Specialist
Duration : Dec2017 –May2019
Project : SouthWest Airlines, USA
Responsibilities

Configured and maintained multiple Linux systems
Design and implementation of a monthly security patching cycle for 300+ Linux systems
Introduced emergency patch process in accordance with Change Management Office
Configure multipathing, Network Bonding and IP plumbing
Hands on experience with Redhat cluster issues
creating template as per various business requirements
Proficient in Kernel and OS Patching Linux environment
Operating System Patching & upgrade for Multiple Linux Servers using Ansible playbooks
monitor Disk space and space as needed in LVM setup administration
Identified and rectified performance problems
installed and upgraded packages and patches on RHEL6/7 servers using RPM,YUM and third party software applicationSetup NFS server and FS mount different servers
Hands on experience with Redhat cluster issues
Extensively worked with business,Application,Database,Network and SAN team for project requirement
Understanding SAN/NAS concept
RCA provide for related issues
Regularly applying patches for Redhatlinux servers by using yum and besclient tools
Performing Snapshots, Cloning, Migrations,VMware storage migration
Managed system storage requirements, access controls and permissions.
Adhere to SLA response and resolution times and ensure cases are regularly updated
Monitor Production Server Health of different parameters (CPU Load, Physical Memory, Swap Memory, Hard disk, Mysql service, Http service and response time) via monitoring tools.
Scheduling jobs using crontab, Create SWAP Memory.
Expert in configuring and maintaining Amazon Web Services which include services like Amazon EC2, ELB, EBS, Auto-Scaling, S3, IAM, Cloud Watch.
Configure Ansible control server with nodes
Developing Ansible Playbooks and Roles to install AWS instance with the required packages.
Worked on Docker and created virtual instances with Docker.
Created Docker images using Docker files to support containerization of applications.
Configuring the Docker containers and creating Docker Compose for different environments.
Having Experience in Containerization technologies like Docker and Docker-Compose, Containerized application using Docker by creating custom Docker images and maintaining them in private repository
Working docker files to create docker images. Deployed docker containers for microservices running tomcat applications.Managed these docker containers

Previous Employer & Project Details

Organization : IBM (I)Ltd,Chennai
Designation : Technical Service Specialist
Duration : Jan2016-Nov2017

Project
POSTI,Finland

Responsibilities
Installation, Configuration, Administration and Trouble shooting of linux servers,Esxi server,Vsphere client
Creating and Managing Virtual Machines and Templates and P2V migration
Performance and monitoring servers
Linux file system management
LUN mapping, space management
Configure password less communication
VSphire client activity
ACL Permissions
User/Group management
Installing RPM’s and also having experience of YUM.
Configured the NFS server and NFS clients
Handling Redhat cluster issues
Monitoring and Backup configuration
Snapshot administration, Snap restore, Snap mirror, etc
Kernel tuning and performance monitoring
OS kernel update
Root Cause & System Log Analysis and reporting

Company: WIPRO Technologies. Chennnai
Designation: Sr. Administrator
Duration : Mar14 – Jan2016

Responsibilities
Strong knowledge in Linux (CentOS,Ubuntu,Redhat,).
Configured and Administration DHCP Server, SAMBA SMB server, and BIND 9 DNS server on RHEL.
Creating and maintaining user and group accounts
Using Crontab for automating various Administrative tasks
Software installation, configuration and maintenance in Linux using RPMs and tar packages
Configured a Mail server using Postfix running on Centos and implemented RAID and LVM
Setup NFS for centralized administration of user accounts and configuration of files *Configured and manage the Squid Proxy Server, Web server (Apache)
Backup and Restoration of data from the tape using scp, tar
Remote administration using SSH
Knowledge about Boot process and run levels

Experience details

Business Associate in CROWN Solutions India (P) Ltd, Chennai, Client: TCS from June2013 – Mar2014
Linux Administrator in FUTURE FOCUS INFOTECH (P) LTD. Chennai, Client: TCS from Feb2012 – May2013

Technical support Executive in ITech Services, Chennai June2011 – Feb2012

Desktop support

Customer Support Engineer in TERA Software (p)Ltd From Dec 2005 –May 2007
System Administrator in PYRAMID Groups from Jun2007-Jun2009
Tech support Engineer in Origin IT &Facility solutions (p) Ltd from July 2009–Oct2010.
Systems Engineer in CSSCorp (P) Ltd., Chennai from Nov2010 – May2011

Education Details:-

B.Tech (Information Technology) from Jayam College of Engineering and Technology, Dharmapuri, Tamilnadu April 2002-2005(First class)
Certification

Redhat Certified system administration (EX200)- Certificate Number:140-017-575

J. SHANMUGAM

Contact this candidate
