
Syed Mohammed Abdul Rahman
Phone: +974-********
E Mail: adajqy@r.postjobfree.com
Quantity Surveyor / Estimator / Billing Engineer / Architectural Designer / Structural detail drawing detailer.
Total of about 11 years of experience in Civil Engineering Field (India 9 Years), (Qatar-2 Years) OBJECTIVE:
Seeking a challenging career that utilizes my skills, talents, and knowledge in my area of competence and enriches my knowledge, and gives me a chance to be part of a team that contributes towards the growth of the organization, thereby yielding the twin benefits of job satisfaction and convenient professional growth. ACADEMIC CREDENTIALS:
B.Tech In Civil Engineering in 2008
JNTU, Hyderabad.
Diploma In Civil Engineering in 2005
SBTET, Hyderabad.
COMPUTER SKILLS PROFICIENCY:
Operating Systems : MS-Office, Ms-Project
Application Packages : AutoCAD, Staad-Pro, Primavera v8.1 Good Knowledge in Building Estimation such as villas, residential high-rise buildings/Commercial buildings etc.
CAREER SUMMARY:
Q.S. Engineer in Quantity Survey Department Dec 2017 – Till Now Al. Aali International Trading & Contracting Co W.L.L Site at Wadi al Banat, Duhail, Doha Qatar…
Assistant Manager in Estimation Department Jun 2015 - Oct 2017 Span PMC Engineers & Construction
Hyderabad Telengana India
Senior Quantity Surveyor Jan 2013– June 2015
Progressive Engineering Consultant
Hyderabad Telengana India
Quantity Surveyor in Buildings Division Nov 2009 – Dec 2012 NCC Limited – Hyderabad India
Civil Site Engineer in Projects – PEB June 2008 - Nov 2009 Aster Building Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Hyderabad India PROFESSIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES:
Q.S Engineer in Q.S Department Dec 2017 – Till Now Al. Aali International Trading & Contracting Co W.L.L Site at Wadi al Banat, Duhail, Doha Qatar…
PROJECT:
CONSTRUCTION, COMPLETION AND MAINTENANCE OF HEADQUARTER OF GENERAL DIRECTORATE OF BORDERS PASSPORTS, EXPATRIATES AFFAIRS, NATIONALITY & TRAVEL DOCUMENTS DEPARTMENT.
Project Cost 798,257,500 Q.R
Responsibilities:
Ensuring all Contract activities are executed in accordance with the Project Cost Plan.
Monitoring the sub-contractors progress and taking necessary action to rectify any defaults could be reflected on the progress cost and quality.
Monitoring the project activity to prepare the project monthly payment.
Take off quantity of all activity and check activity progress.
Responsible for all required material and methods to complete the work on time, within the budget and targeted quality.
Assistant Manager in Estimation Department Jun 2015 - Oct 2017 Span PMC Engineers & Construction
Hyderabad Telangana India
Responsibilities:
Responsible for managing all variety of new building projects and structures, such as residential developments, schools, hospitals, offices project costs from pitch to completion.
Undertaking costs analysis for building projects.
Assisting in establishing a client's requirements and undertaking feasibility studies.
Produce monthly cost & value reports, quarterly reports & cash flow information.
Monitor the site as per drawings such as slab and beam steel etc., before casting of Concrete Work.
Preparing fortnight RA Bills for sub-contractors like Shuttering, Mason, Painting, flooring Bills etc.
Preparing fortnight Client RA Bills.
Preparing tender and contract documents including bills of quantities.
Advising on procurement strategy.
Allocating work to subcontractors.
Preparing Sub Contractor Work Orders.
Developing knowledge relevant to contract conditions and their applications. Senior Quantity Surveyor Jan 2013– June 2015
Progressive Engineering Consultant
Hyderabad Telangana India
Responsibilities:
Monitoring the cost of site resources.
Inspecting the site and then valuing completed work and then prepare the bills.
Working on a number of build projects at any one time.
Writing reports on and advising on building and maintenance costs.
Preparing Auto-cad Drawings if necessary.
Developing strong relationships with the clients and sub-contractors.
Providing advice and guidance to staff in the preparation and presentation of works proposals, reviews and updates.
Developing knowledge relevant to contract conditions and their applications. Quantity Surveyor in Buildings Division Nov 2009 – Dec 2012 NCC Limited – Hyderabad India
Responsibilities:
Monitoring the cost of site resources.
Inspecting the site and then valuing completed work and then prepare the bills.
Working on a number of build projects at any one time.
Writing reports on and advising on building and maintenance costs.
Produce monthly cost & value reports, quarterly reports & cash flow information.
Preparing Auto-cad Drawings if necessary.
Developing strong relationships with the clients and sub-contractors.
Providing advice and guidance to staff in the preparation and presentation of works proposals, reviews and updates.
Developing knowledge relevant to contract conditions and their applications. Civil Site Engineer in Projects – PEB June 2008 - Nov 2009 Aster Building Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Hyderabad India Responsibilities: -
Responsible for day to day site work.
Follow up with site engineers of Contractor and/or subcontractor to ensure that work is being carried out as per design drawings, specifications & meeting planned dates in schedule.
Actively take care of final finishing works etc.
Interact with Project Manager for clarification in design/ RFI etc.
Daily reporting about progress, non-compliance, delay in work to the Project Manager.
Ensure that Communication regarding any changes in plan have reached the Engineers/ Contractors and/or Sub-Contractor’s Representatives
Conducting regular job site inspections.
Assist in the quality and safety audit.
Assist in necessary project documentation.
Main Projects
Lucknow Development Authority (LDA) 10-Buildings –Lucknow (UP)
Maha Hotel- Hyderabad
ManiKonda Project, 30 -Villas –Hyderabad
Surya Deva Apartments – Vijayawada (AP)
L.V Homes Apartments - Vijayawada (AP)
Sumukhi Orbit Apartments – Hyderabad
Siri Signature Apartments 6-Blocks – Hyderabad
Medical College Buildings – Chevella (TS)
Head Quarters of general directorate of borders passport expatriate’s nationality and travel document. (Client MOI) Qatar.
Others
PERSONAL DETAILS:
Date of Birth : 03-Aug-1984
Marital Status : Married
Language Proficiency : English, Hindi, Urdu & Telugu Passport No : T4831547
Date of Issue : 27-06-2019
Date of Expiry : 26-06-2029
Place of Issue : Hyderabad, India
Visa Status : Transferable Visa
Syed Mohammed Abdul Rahman Date :
Place :

Contact this candidate
