
Ronnie Warren Wiegreffe
**** *** ******* ** *****, Livingston, TX 77351
936-***-**** adajvo@r.postjobfree.com
Profile
Established Professional with over 20 years of experience in oil and gas related operations with a proven history and success in increasing profitability, improving performance, and cultivating productivity in sensitive, competitive and fast-paced environments. Seeking a position with opportunities for growth and advancement in leadership roles that will benefit from my experience, education, and leadership abilities.
Professional Attributes
Proven top performer, with a reputation for strong personnel management qualified by mature, prudent business skills, sound judgment and excellent communication and interpersonal skills with a strong emphasis in Public Relations;
Demonstrates professional reliability, highly self-motivated with the ability to assume increased levels of responsibility, anticipates and meets needs to achieve outstanding results;
Highly organized, with the ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment, responds quickly and effectively to problems; adaptive to change, communicates effectively, building a sense of urgency;
Successful approach to problem identification, assessment, resolution, and crisis management interpersonal skills, effective communication, high personal standards, attitude, team player, flexibility, self-starter.
Work Experience
- United States INFRA Structure Corp. (USISC), Houston, TX - Utility Locator, Mar. ‘04 – Jul. ‘19. – Worked directly with high profile clients such as ATT, Sudden Link Cable, Center Point Gas; Located underground utilities, meet daily production quotas and pulled week/weekend calls for 5 counties; Maintained schedules with contractors, scheduled appointments, customer service and public relations; Proficient in reading drawings, maps and marking accurate sites for digging operations and use of locating equipment; Held accountable for maintaining records, company truck and over $10k worth of equipment for auditing purposes; Proficient use of computer software such as windows, MS word and email.
- J-W Operating CO., Livingston, TX - Compressor Service Technician, Jan. ‘98 – Oct. ‘03.
- Served as company representative during all assigned tasks; Responsible for $250k in equipment including servicing, troubleshooting and maintaining high & low pressure compressor systems of in the field; Trained and assisted lower-level technicians with assigned tasks; Diagnosed engine/compressor failures accurately and conducted timely rebuilds/overhauls of compressors, engines and controls on gas compressor packages in the field or shop.
- Exploration Employment Services INC. (EESI), Livingston, TX - Permit Agent. Sept. ‘95 – Dec. ‘97. - Responsible for client meetings for drilling operations; Responsible for permitting land owners; Responsible for researching mineral interest ownership on tracts of land; Coordinated various work projects for other contractors; Provided interface with landowners, public officials, and the general public to represent the companies good will and to resolve concerns arising from exploration operations.
EDUCATION
Sam Houston State University, Huntsville, TX - Bachelor of Science, Industrial Technology, Design and Development; Minor- Composite, Specific studies in Elements of wood technology, metal technology, building materials, basic electricity, and industrial plastics. Other specifics are principles of marketing, business legal environment, industrial safety, industrial agricultural surveying, industrial design, computer drafting, machine drawing, structural drafting, pipe drafting, and technical illustration. References will be furnished upon request.

Contact this candidate
