
THANIGAIVELU.J

Mobile: +919********* Email ID: adajmi@r.postjobfree.com

Objective
I am looking forward to a job in the IT Industry as a IT Support Analyst. If given an opportunity, I will fulfill my obligations and pursue the goals based on the Position.

SUMMARY:
Working as Desktop support Engineer in HCL Technologies client of IMSI from Mar19 to till Date.
Worked as System Engineer in Maxso Technologies from Jan17 to Oct 18.
Worked as System Engineer Engineer in RHI NETWORK PVT.LTD from Apr 15 – Dec 16.
Educational Qualifications:
Course
College
CGPA/Percentage
B.TECH Information Technology & Engineering
R.M.K Engineering College Kavarapettai
6.514
Diploma in Computer Engineering
Panimalar Polytechnic college.
79.5
10th Standard Matriculation
St Johns Matriculation Higher Secondary School
50

Work Experience:
Company: HCL Technologies Private Ltd.
Role: Desktop Support Engineer

Roles and Responsibility:

Taking care of Desktop Related Issue from Application and Hardware side.
Working on Incident and Request tickets in Remedy provide timely solution within the SLA.
Troubleshooting Outlook and Office 365 related issues.
Windows deployment with SCCM to Desktops and Laptops
Working with Encryption and Bit locker file protection and decryption.
Working on Network related issues and coordinate with Network support team.
Worked in Symantec 14.3 version. Troubleshooting Symantec virus related issues, access providing for data card and external device.
Working on Escalated tickets on Remotely and fix it ASAP.
Worked on access provisioning to users in AD.
Supporting Project, Scanner and Xerox Machines and Call-log with Vendor too
Handling Calls remotely and fix the issue remotely
Maintaining SLA reports
Maintaining Ticket audit reports
Maintaining the Incident Management reports
Provide timely feedback to Customers related to the Agreed Policy.

Work Experience:
Company: Maxso Technologies PVT.LTD from Jan17 to Oct 18.
Role: System Engineer

Roles and Responsibility:

Installing operating system: Windows XP, Win7, Win8, Win10 and Mac Operating systems including Software application deployment.
Handled 42 Desktop Machine and Hardware Peripherals Devices.
Installing and maintaining Software and Virus Updation with the Support team.
Solving the issues related to software corruption and ensure minimum data loss.
Coordinating with the Internet Service Provider in case of network problem.
Coordinating with the Printer service provider in case of problem occurs in printers and scanners.
Printers: Deskjet/Laser jet/Network Printer Installation.
Maintained secure network and kept operating systems to run effectively
Responsible for performing hardware and software performance regularly.
Taking a report in weekly manners about system performance.
Looked after the networking hardware, including routers, switches, fiber optics, and wireless networks.
Maintaining Periodic Asset for desktop, Laptops and Peripheral devices.
Basic knowledge in windows server and VMware.
Testing the network cable by using cable testing tool.
Assigning IP address manually and automatically to the system in the WAN Network.
Analyzed and diagnosed the network issues by networking commands.
Responsible for managing LAN/WAN installation and arrangement for Network PCs performing connectivity, system setup, daily backup in network.

Company: RHI NETWORK PVT.LTD from Apr 15 – Dec 16.
Role: SystemEngineer

Worked has Hardware Engineer in the Company RHI Network Pvt. Ltd owned by Myself. As well as played the role as Software Tester for E-Commerce Website.
Software Skills:

BASIC HARDWARE AND NETWORKING.
CCNA
MANUAL TESTING AND AUTOMATION TESTING.

Personal Details
Father’s name : Jayakumar. D
Gender : Male
Nationality : Indian
Marital Status : Single
Languages known : English and Tamil
D.O.B : 29-07-1990
Address : No.15, Sakthivelnagar,
2nd Cross Street, pervallular,
Chennai-600082.

Declaration:
I hereby declare that the particulars of information and facts stated herein above are true, correct and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Place : Chennai Thanigaivelu J

Contact this candidate
