
Summary
Skills
Experience
Robert Floyd
*** ****** **, *********** ** 27360
Home: 336-***-****
adajsx@r.postjobfree.com
Driven Lead Maintenance Technician with a strong background in team leadership and quality maintenance work and repairs. Successful in keeping air conditioning, plumbing, andsystems running smoothly. Expert in training and mentoring new staff on processes and duties. Motivated to provide prompt service by prioritizing maintenance requests and emergency needs.
Talented technician offering 6 years of experience in performing quality repairs and maintenance by analyzing situation and determining best course of action. Focused on delivering quality work while training new employees to complete duties and maintain records of completed work. Dedicated lead technician with background handling various types of repairs and preventative routine maintenance. Able to effectively lift up to 100 pounds and willing to work any available shift. Determined employee displaying talents Capable of lifting up to 100 pounds. Known for completing tasks effectively and ahead of schedule. Ready to tackle new challenges with busy, established organization in maintenance position.
Resourceful Facilities Tech with solid background in preventative maintenance repair. Hardworking Construction Worker with a dependable and reliable nature. Motivated to get along well with others and exceed expectations.
Motivated Facility Tech with 3+ years experience providing strong customer service and solving problems. Quick learner with the desire to grow skills.
Skilled Laborer able to thrive independently or as a team member. Proactive in creating a safe and productive environment.
Physically fit Laborer effective at completing difficult projects and tasks on schedule. Consistently follows through with all orders and instructions. Works well in a team setting. Dependable Facilities Maintenance Technician with 6 years of hands-on experience in a multi-unit facility maintenance capacity. Broad experience with electrical, plumbing and building repairs. Equipment maintenance
Good mechanical aptitude
Leadership
Team player
Safety understanding
Basic math skills
Strong work ethic
Good verbal/written communication skills
Establishing goals and setting priorities
Power tools
OSHA Certified
Friendly and hardworking
Strong communication skills
Solid independent worker
Detail-oriented
Production line/assembly line forklift experience
Good at following instructions
Residential construction
Solid communication skills
MasterBrand Cabinets Inc. August 2016 to Current
Lead Maintenance Technician
Lexington, NC
Performed routine preventative care and repairs to HVAC systems Completed maintenance tasks, including replacement of hydraulic and chemical pumps Completed maintenance on equipment, including dust collectors, arc furnaces and overhead cranes Utilized MIG welding experience to fabricate and construct safety guards, angle iron and square tubing Inspected facility-related manufacturing systems daily to prevent potentially dangerous equipment problems
Enforced compliance with quality standards to maintain production requirements and sustain business operations
Repaired and maintained trailers and trucks, conveyor systems and dust collector systems Oversaw technicians and delegated duties
Created and assigned work orders, delegated tasks and supervised work Repaired clogged drains, leaking pipes, to maintain plumbing systems Completed preventive maintenance to maintain production and equipment in accordance with safety protocols and company policy
Ennis-Flint September 2013 to July 2016
Maintenance Technician
Thomasville, NC
Evaluated systems in use to uncover problems, complete maintenance and recommend solutions Inspected electrical components to identify defects and hazards and to make necessary adjustments Operated hand and power tools to complete repairs
Removed snow from ground during winter months to maintain clear and safe walkways and streets Changed HVAC filters and cleaned condensation drains to perform preventative maintenance on HVAC systems
Routinely inspected equipment for preventive and emergency maintenance needs Put in replacement parts and components as well as entire systems Cleaned and lubricated machinery shafts, bearings and gears Performed general maintenance on machinery and equipment to prevent malfunctions Inspected machinery to ensure quality and supervised installations to prevent errors Dismantled equipment to access, remove and replace defective parts to maintain operability Executed daily operations of preventive maintenance on electrical panels, motor controls and switch gears
Maintained available parts, tools and materials inventory to stay able to respond promptly to issues Inspected components of industrial equipment for accurate assembly and oversaw installations to prohibit defects, such as loose connections and frayed wires Mentored junior maintenance professionals to provide instruction on correct repair procedures Diagnosed and repaired mechanical machinery issues Performed simple carpentry tasks, including installing shelves, hooks and closet rods to meet customer needs
Diagnosed equipment malfunctions and completed repairs to restore equipment and maintain uptime Repaired leaking faucets, clogged toilets and other equipment to keep bathrooms fully functional Calibrated devices to optimize performance and maintain longevity of equipment Performed routine inspection and maintenance of equipment Used rulers and micrometers to inspect parts to determine changes in dimension requirements Liberty Mechaical Inc. June 2009 to July 2011
HVAC-R Mechanic
Liberty, NC
Provided onsite training
Successfully led key projects which resulted in positive satisfaction Planned and executed projects
Delivered an exceptional level of service to each customer by listening to concerns and answering questions
Conferred with users to isolate and identify malfunctions, conducting speedy repairs to restore full functionality
Set up auxilliary components to enhance performance of heating and cooling equipment Balanced systems and calibrated controls to optimize performance Developed exceptional attendance record with special attention to punctuality and preparation to work Education and Training
upon arrival
Created communication strategies to meet client objectives Provided outstanding customer service to new and long-standing customers by attending closely to concerns and developing solutions
Allied Career Training 2013
Diploma: Diploma-Heavy Equipment Operations
Dothan, AL
United States Air Force 1997
Some College (No Degree): Civil Engineering-HVAC/R Wichita Falls, TX
East Davidson High School 1996
High School Diploma
Thomasville, NC

Contact this candidate
