
J.MANIKANTAN
adajjj@r.postjobfree.com
+971*********
Objective
To be a part of an Organization, which has got a strong penchant towards Electrical and manufacturing Sector, with a strong People Orientation skills to obtain successful position in the field of Engineering and trying to gain more and more knowledge.
Profile Summary
I have overall 6 years of Experience
Currently working as a Plant Electrical Technician from August 2017 to till date in Dubai, UAE.
Worked as Electrical Technician from 2014 to July 2017 in Sharjah, UAE
I have 1 year of Experience in Assembly Department Hyundai Motor India Pvt Ltd Chennai.
6 month work in Armature assembly in COMSTAR.
Education Qualification
ITI in Electrician with 84% at St. John bosco I.T.C. Tiruvallur District. Computer skills
MS -Office
Key skills
Circuit breakers and switch gears.
3 phase wiring, Star – Delta wiring.
Operating of Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA) system.
PLC control Operating System.
Electrical Panel Wiring.
Ammonia Refrigeration plant operating.
Work Experience:
Fresh Fruits Company
Position – Plant Electrical Technician
Duration – August 2017 to till Present.
Dubai – UAE
Job Responsibilities:
Worked on all the Ammonia refrigeration systems and Chilled Water System including Operating Two stage screw type compressor.
Hands on experience on operating SCADA system.
Knowledge of Solenoid coil & valves maintenance.
Experience in handling all the work related to Industrial & building Electrical Systems.
Delta Food Industries FZC
Position – Electrical Technician
Duration - May 2014 to July 2017
Sharjah – UAE
Job Responsibilities:
Overall plant electrical maintenance & production line electrical maintenance.
Reduce the equipment downtime and increase the up time.
To meet the industrial standards as per regulations.
Resolve the machinery problems within a time to increase the productivity.
Maintain and troubleshoot the high volt industrial systems. HYUNDAI MOTOR INDIA Pvt. Ltd. Chennai
1 year Experience in final Assembly Department.
Comstar Automotive Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
6 months Experience in Starter kits (Armature Assembly) department. Personal Information:
Father’s Name : V.Jayaraman
Date of Birth : 29/01/1988
Sex : Male
Nationality : Indian
Religion : Hindu
Passport No : J6360105
Passport Exp Date : 02.04.2022
Marital Status : Unmarried
Languages Known
English, Hindi, Tamil
Declaration:
I hereby declare that the above-furnished information’s are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and beliefs.
Dubai, UAE Manikantan

Contact this candidate
