
TUSHAR ROHIDAS SANGALE
DESIGN ENGINEER
CONTACT NO: +91-942*******
+91-902*******
EMAIL ID: adajtg@r.postjobfree.com
Career Objective:
To work in an organization with a professional work driven environment where I can build a successful career in Research, Design & Development which offers ample opportunity to learn further and be part of a motivated team, which will allow me and organization to grow professionally as well as individually Work Experience:
Working with “DOMINIX STRATEGIC DESIGN PVT. LTD” around 2 years and 10 months of experience as a Design Engineer in Mechanical Design, SPM Design, Industrial design and Product design.
6 months experience at Avi Engineering works, Ahmednagar as a draughtsman and Supervisor.
Responsibilities:
Design and development of product design, plastic product, Industrial design, robotics and automation, Special purpose machine.
Execution of Plastic part Design, Sheet metal, Surface Modelling, 3-D Modelling, Assembly, and Detailing for 2-D drawing proposal.
Manufacturing knowledge of casting, machining processes, forging, sheet metal.
Manufacturing detailed drawings with GD&T.
Prepare a design as per manufacturing process.
Converting Non parametric to parametric.
Maintaining standards as per specifications required by Customers.
Making aesthetically and ergonomically correct design of product.
Bench marking of products.
Project details:
1. UNDERWATER TANK CLEANING ROBOT
Selection of all the components required for the product.
Creating Solid parts as per the Criteria.
Creating manufacturing drawing of all the parts.
Cad models of robot.
Assembly of all the components with structure.
Aesthetically and ergonomically design the casing of robot. 2. PANIPURI VENDING MACHINE
Design of the machine as per the requirement of client.
Design a machine with precision and accuracy.
Design the machine and machine elements with respect to time required of work cycle.
Selection and finalizing the position of sensors required to machine 3. BENCH MARKING OF MEDICAL PRODUCT (FACEBOW)
Design a product with the consideration of medical standards.
By using human body organs arrangement design a product.
Aesthetics and ergonomic is important part in this product. 4. OXYGEN ENRICHMENT UNIT
Selection of compressor required for unit.
Arrangement of all the components and casing of unit.
As per outer casing structuring for the entire component and for casing.
Prototyping as per the design.
5. PRODUCT VENDING MACHINE
Design and development of all the assemblies included in machine.
Automation of all the assemblies.
Manufacturing of machine.
6. TEA VENDING MACHINE
Design and development of all the parts and assemblies included in machine.
Automation of all the components.
Manufacturing of machine.
7. FLASH POINT TESTER
Research and design calculations.
Heat flow analysis
Cooling time analysis using different cooling methods to reduce cooling time
Sheet metal designs and part modeling of the device.
B.E in Mechanical engineering in 2015 from Pune University with first class
(60.86%).
H.S.C in new arts, commerce and Science College from Maharashtra state EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:
board with first class (69.74%).
S.S.C in Renavikar high school from Maharashtra state board with distinction
(79.84%)
CAD Skills:
Solidworks– 3 years of hand on experience in solidworks.
- Good hands on CAD.
- Part modeling, Sheet metal, Weldments, assemblies.
AutoCAD
CREO
Key-shot for Rendering
Project Title: Design a SPM for cutting of aluminium fins of Heat exchanger tubes.
Deciding the machining process and time calculations of processes.
Cad model of machine.
Year – 2015
Duration – 1year
Software – Solid works
Gender : Male.
Father’s name : Rohidas Bapurao Sangale
Marital Status : Unmarried.
D.O.B. : 01
st
sept1992.
Nationality : Indian.
Address : 08, Adinath apt, gurukrupa colony, near jain dharm sthanak, savedi, Ahmednagar.
I hereby declare that the above information provided is true to best of my knowledge and belief.
Yours Sincerely,
TUSHAR SANGALE
.
ACADEMIC PROJECT:
PERSONAL DETAIL:
DECLARATION:

Contact this candidate
