
Jitendra Singh Mand
Lucknow Uttarpradesh
Mobile : +918*********, +919*********
E-mail : adajq5@r.postjobfree.com
,

Objective : To be a part of an effective and goal oriented team where performance is duly recognize and where in,my potential can be fully utilized and continuously improved for achieving organizational goal and objective.

Experience

1. Company Name: G4S Secure solution LLC
Position Title: Security Officer
Location: Ajman - UAE.
Industry: Security
Period: 2 Feb 2017 to 10 July 2019

2. Company Name: Z S Travels and Money Exchange
Position Title: Seller cum Cashier
Location: India.
Industry: Money Exchange
Period: Mar 2015 to Nov 2016 for a period 1 Year & 8 Months.

3. Company Name: Hemaya Security Services
Position Title: Security Personal
Location: Doha Qatar.
Industry: Security
Period: Nov 2013 to Jan 2015 for a period 1 & 2 Months.

4. Company Name: Triloki Hotel.
Position Title: Steward
Location: Lucknow
Industry: Hospitality
Period: Jul 2009 to Dec 2012 for a period of 3 .5Years.
My current job responsibilities are as follows :

Attending reception duties & customer care service

A model of application of the premises management system and the Companies corporate policies
Practice & guarantee the respect of premises Values: Freedom, Responsibility, Sharing, Respect, Integrity, Solidarity and Progress.
Coordination with site Security Manager, Safety Engineer and Group 4 Managements.
Preparing all the required Security log at the site and reports to the management.
Controlling gate access and providing protection for the people, property & information.
Providing assistance to the great visitors at the premises.
Handling access for the inwards & outward’s materials as per client policies & coordination with store manager.

Coordinating transport & company vehicles, including drivers and their report to the site manager.

Tracking and inspection of the facilities service requests including, repairs, and routine maintenance, mechanical, electrical, fire/life safety, plumbing, and waste management.

Preparation of daily monthly rostering and job report.
Preparing of handling the emergency situation, & Firefighting exercise as per site requirements.

Inspection of firefighting equipment, CCTV, and safety measurement.
Handling all security matters including all type of customer complaint and report’s.
Ensure that all the staff respect security procedures.
Ensure the smooth traffic in the premises parking lot and store surrounding area.
Keep all fire-fighting equipment in good operating conditions to ensure the safety of employees and customers.
Maintain all security equipment in good operating conditions and make regular checks according to the national security procedure.
Preparation of site instruction as per premises policies,
Giving assistance to all the assigned guard (co-worker’s), in maintaining their job at the site.
My previous jobs responsibilities are as follows:
1. I am handling the responsibility of seller and cashier in money exchange.
2. I am assisting in Hotels restaurant.
3. I am look after housekeeping for our premises.
4. Look after a team of 10 people of housekeeping staff
5. Manage Hotel in absence of Manager

Educational Qualification:
1. B.A from Lucknow University.
2. Intermediate from C.B.S.E Board.
3. High School from C.B.S.E Board.

Trainings attended:

1: Successfully completed Basic Security Training Course from National Security Institute (NSI) under Abu Dhabi Police, Abu Dhabi UAE year 2017

2: Successfully completed Special Event Security Training Course from National Security Institute (NSI) under Abu Dhabi Police, Abu Dhabi UAE year 2018
3: Training of First Aid and Self-Defence from National Security Institute (NSI) Ajman UAE
4: Successfully passed PSCOD exam for security licence by Abu Dhabi Police
5: Successfully passed PSCOD exam for special event security licence by Abu Dhabi Police

Computer Proficiency
1. Diploma in Computer Application from UPDESCO.
2. English Speaking Course.
3. Knowledge of M.S-Excel, Word & Power Point.
4. Internet, Email etc.

Personal Information
Father Name : Nabab Singh
Permanent Address : 592D/170 Rajeev Nagar, P.O- KharikaLucknow-226025 U.P
Date of Birth : 07-May-1989
Passport No : P5135013
Marital Status : Married
Religion : Sikh
Nationality : Indian
Language Known : English, Hindi, Punjabi.
Hobbies : Traveling, Net Surfing.

Declaration

I Jitendra Singh Mand declare that all information given above is true & best of my knowledge.

Date :

Place : Lucknow (Jitendra Singh Mand)

Contact this candidate
