
Draun Raval

+1-519-***-**** adajca@r.postjobfree.com
Toronto

SUMMARY:
A Senior Talent Acquisition Consultant with extensive experience serving major Financial and IT clients across North America
In-depth understanding of MSP and RPO full recruitment life cycle that includes sourcing, interviewing, reference checks, and negotiation.
Leading/mentoring a team of four junior recruiters on the job; Training and flourishing their recruiting skills.
MBA (HR). Very tech-savvy: Strong hands on experience with Vendor Management Software/ Application Tracking systems (ATS); SAP Fieldglass (VMS)(MSP), Beeline, Success Factors. Hands-on with MS Office (Outlook, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Access)

Areas of Expertise

Recruiting
Interviewing
Sourcing
Training & development
Forecasting
Behavioural Interviewing
Diversity Hiring
Relationship Building
Relationship Management
Digital Marketing
Applicant Tracking System
Interview Scheduling
Negotiation
Problem Solving
CERTIFICATIONS:
Content Marketing Certified
Social Media Certified
Email Marketing Certified
CHRP in Progress

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

SR. TALENT ACQUISTION CONSULTANT Feb 2019 - Present
ADECCO - Modis Canada
Develop and create sourcing/recruitment plans to meet client requirements. Advised, developed and implemented a variety of programs/campaigns
Conduct preliminary interviews with selected candidates to further validate skills, experience and knowledge in relation to position requirements using behavioral-based and technical interview techniques.
Provide market intelligence to business regarding the recruitment market as well as build a pipeline/database of future talent based on networking and targeted research.
Hands-on with conducting an intake conversation with the hiring manager: include diversity, sourcing and be able to capture the essence of the role to effectively write an enticing job description for candidates to view.
Implementing effective strategies and roll out initiatives around campus and diversity recruitment.
Setting up networking events in the community to help promote corporate reputation and bolster business
Support Adecco’s Learning and operations management to propose appropriate learning solutions to equip the workforce of Modis to undertake the new/altered roles and responsibilities in the changed scenarios.
Utilizing change management practices to move from a reactive to proactive culture in the overall approach to recruitment systems, processes and strategies.
Designed and delivered a variety of presentations and learning programs for business units, client partners and the team
LEAD TALENT ACQUISITION SPECIALIST Sep 2016 – Jan 2019
Tekstaff IT Solutions, Toronto

Responsible for recruiting IT/Financial professionals for all Major Banking (TD, BMO, Scotia, RBC, CIBC, HSBC), Insurance, Utility, consulting and Energy sector; clients.
Supported full recruitment life cycle that include sourcing, interviewing (Behavioural/Technical), reference checks, and negotiation.
Analyzed technical job descriptions, identify applicants as per client’s specification, coordinating with hiring managers, attending conference calls, pre-screen prospective applicants through in-depth technical interviews over the phone and email to understand their Technical expertise, communication skills, their availability and suitability to client’s requirements and prepare candidates for their interview meetings with hiring managers.
Managed and coordinate interviews between Candidates and the Hiring Managers and then extend the verbal offers of employment to candidates under the direction of the Hiring Managers and within the guidelines of Company’s Compensation policy.
Verified past and present employment for candidates; educational degrees/ diplomas/ certifications/ licenses with various institutes. Obtain detailed background reference checks, healthcare reference checks and exit interviews for clientele.
Screened and short-listed candidates in accordance with the client’s resource requirements and successfully placed 5 resources with Canada’s two major banks and a well-known Consulting firm, just in first two months after joining.
Well versed in searching/sourcing potential candidates through various E -Recruiting sources; job portals (Monster, Workopolis, Dice, Career Builder, Indeed) company databases, referrals and also pro-actively utilizing a variety of social networking channels like LinkedIn, Facebook, Glassdoor and Twitter.
Comprehensive understanding of employment legislation like ESA, OHRC, AODA
Head hunting candidates via cold calling, calling at work, LinkedIn Recruit, searching contact details using Google advanced search and other digital recruiting tools.
Packaging candidate’s profiles that includes highlighting must have skills, filling skill matrix and writing summaries for submission.
Worked on Sales, Business side, Media, Digital, Publishing, Risk Management roles as well to fulfill banking requirement on MSP/VMS.
Worked extensively on wide variety of IT related positions: IT Project Directors, Project/Program Managers (Infrastructure/Applications/Data warehouse), Cloud, SaaS, Project Analyst/PCOs, Salesforce, SCRUM Master/Trainer/Agile Coach, Business/Systems Analysts, IT/Technical/Desktop Support Analysts, Systems/Wireless/Network Engineers, Mechanical/Electrical/Electronics Engineers, Pre and Post Sales Consultants, Application Deployment Specialists, Data center Architects, Data Scientist, agile coach, digital area, design, agile and innovations, Solutions/Infrastructure Architects, DW/BI Developer/Architects, Software Engineers/Developers (C/C++/C#, Web, UI/UX, Java/J2ee, VB/.NET, Angular, PHP, SharePoint), DBAs (SQL Server, Oracle, Netezza, ETL, Sybase, Hadoop/Big Data, Mainframe), CSRs, Call Centre agents, Niche skills like Calypso, Kafka, Blue Prism, UiPath and other RPA technologies etc.
Strong understanding of overall legislation, regulations, policies and procedures.
Also working with financial positions like Financial Analyst, Business Analyst, Risk Analyst, Change Management Specialist, Vendor Management, Business Systems Analyst, Accounting Specialist, and HR Analyst etc.
Strong hands on experience with Vendor Management Softwares/ATS; SAP Fieldglass, Beeline. Hands-on with MS Office (Outlook, Excel, Word, Access).
Successfully placed almost 50 resources with all the major clients mentioned above since September 2016. Have excellent ability to work over 15 open requisitions at a given time.
Filled 5 requirements for major consultancy for RPA Blue Prism Project.
Awarded Rookie of the year 2016!
Awarded Recruiter of the year 2017!
Led a team of 3 junior recruiters on the job; Training and flourishing their recruiting skills.

RECRUITMENT SPECIALIST Jan 2015 – Aug 2016
Manpower, Toronto

Accountable for recruiting corporate professionals for various clients from banking, insurance, consulting clients.
Responsible for full-length recruitment involving sourcing, screening, interviewing and offer negotiations.
Ensured consistent communication with clients to determine and provide effective solutions to their recruiting needs; provide them with regular updates on recruitment activity as well as employee performance, back checks, referrals cross check and retention initiatives.
Provided effective problem resolution to clients through taking ownership of incoming concerns/issues.
Used solid communication skills, effectively coach and council temporary employees to facilitate success in their role, as well as ensure job satisfaction.
Prepared monthly/weekly vacancy listings and reports.
Expertise working on complex/niche roles
Developed good business relationships with candidates and clients (Relationship Building).
Provided Trainings to new comers, to clearly understand the process.
Identified and pursued new and existing recruitment opportunities by understanding client and market needs.

TECHNICAL RECRUITER, Aug 2014 – Dec 2014
Global IT, Toronto

Created and maintained talent pipeline of IT professionals while gaining knowledge of talent market and trends.
Conducted comprehensive intake discussions with hiring partners detailing the position needs, scope and clarifying mutual partnerships roles and expectations.
Hands-on with conducting a thorough intake conversation with the hiring manager: include diversity, sourcing and be able to capture the essence of the role to effectively write an enticing job description for candidates to view.
Managed and deliver the full life cycle of recruiting responsibilities, including sourcing, screening and interviewing candidates, completing references and managing salary negotiations.
Use pro-active sourcing and recruitment practices to find exceptional talent through E-Recruiting sources (Facebook page/glass door/twitter/LinkedIn), networking, and other savvy sources related to each role.
Partnered with Team Lead and Coordinator to manage multiple open requisitions at a given time.
Liaised with the hiring manager and operation’s team to present offer letters and initiate background checks.
Acts as Talent Advisor for managers throughout the recruitment process and manage full cycle recruitment process for all internal and external hires.
Managed end-to-end recruitment process including document and tracking all pertinent information using our applicant tracking system.
Build and maintain a viable pipeline of candidates for hard-to-fill roles through appropriate and targeted sourcing.
Conducted preliminary interviews, (behavioural and technical) with selected candidates to further validate skills, experience and knowledge in relation to position requirements using behavioral-based interview techniques. Conduct face to face interviews as requested by the business.
Maintained working relationships with HR Partners and Hiring Managers within the business areas to aid with recruiting needs, job vacancy specifications, and to make recommendations on optimum sourcing channels.
Provide market intelligence to business regarding the recruitment market as well as build a pipeline/database of future talent based on networking and targeted research.
Organized and successfully conducted various career events and campus recruiting events at the hospital sites and across other educational institutes.
Hands-on experience with ATS and other recruitment tools.

SR. TECHNICAL RECRUITER Jul 2011 – Dec 2013
Infosys

Worked with one of premier IT consulting firm was responsible for full-length recruitment for various clients.
Managed end-to-end recruitment and Campus recruiting; including documenting and tracking all the internal and external applications.
Effectively profiled and updated the ATS to maintain accurate and active pool of candidate pool.
Performed Onshore, Offshore recruiting, campus recruiting and doing events to attract new grad and niche talent.
Liaise with the hiring manager and operation’s team to present offer letters, initiate background checks and onboarding.
Involved in providing market intelligence to business regarding the recruitment market as well as build a pipeline/database of future talent based on networking and targeted research.
Recruiter of the year 2012
Highest Sales Maker of year 2013
Organized, conducted and participated various career building and Tech events across various job fairs and institutions.
Work extensively on wide variety of IT related positions: IT Project Directors, Project/Program Managers (Infrastructure/Applications/Data warehouse), Project Analyst/PCOs, SCRUM Master/Trainer/Agile Coach, Business/Systems Analysts, IT/Technical/Desktop Support Analysts, Systems/Wireless/Network Engineers, Mechanical/Electrical/Electronics Engineers, Pre and Post Sales Consultants, Application Deployment Specialists, Data center Architects, Solutions/Infrastructure Architects, DW/BI Developer/Architects, Software Engineers/Developers (C/C++/C#, Web, UI/UX, Java/J2ee, VB/.NET, Angular, PHP, SharePoint), DBAs (SQL Server, Oracle, Netezza, ETL, Sybase, Hadoop/Big Data, Mainframe)
Successfully closed various roles like Business analysts, Quality Analysts, platform engineer, Project managers and may others.
VOLUNTEER WORK EXPERIENCE:
RECRUITER Nov 2014-Dec 2014
Halton Healthcare Oakville, ON
Responsible for screening resumes and phone screening the qualified candidates.
Ensured consistent communication with both candidates and hiring team throughout the recruitment process.
Scheduling calls with Team lead/Senior recruiters using outlook calendar.
Coordinated with hiring managers and candidates for scheduling interviews.
Hands-on experience with ATS and job boards like indeed, monster and LinkedIn.
Assisted Recruitment and HR team to plan set up various career events across the hospitals.

AWARDS:
Screened and short-listed candidates in accordance with the client’s resource requirements and successfully placed 3 Blue Prism resources with Canada’s bank and a well-known Consulting firm, just in first two months after joining.
Placed 4 resources with two major Canadian banks in March and July 2017.
Successfully placed 5 resources in the month of (Nov 2017, Feb 2018) with Major consultancy
Leading and Training a Team of 3 junior recruiters since January 2018.

EDUCATION:
Business Management Human Resources, Lambton College, Canada
Master in Business Administration, Human Resources, India
Bachelor of Commerce, India

Contact this candidate
