
Bobin A Meppurathu
**** ********** **** **
Missouri City, TX 77459
717-***-****
adajjp@r.postjobfree.com
OBJECTIVE
To work and grow with the ever changing work environment with new innovations and technology. As a fast learner and hard worker with a keen eye on detail, I seek to expand my overall exposure in accounts and finance field in your organization while at the same time provide the firm my full abilities in whatever ways I can be of assistance. EDUCATION
Bachelor of Commerce 1990 (3 years)
Post Graduate Diploma in Computer Science 1991 (1 year) EXPERIENCE
Texas Department of Public Safety - Customer Service Representative May 2019 - Till Date
Performs routine office support functions in a Driver License Examination and Renewal Office. Determines the legal needs and requirements of driver license and identification card applicants. Meets and screens applicants, administers written and visual tests, prepares application forms and collects license application fees. Answers general information questions pertaining to driver license laws and driver licensing procedures, safety responsibility laws and procedures, other Department services and services available at other state agencies, and other traffic laws. Receives and responds to telephone inquiries from the general public. Work is performed under limited supervision with moderate latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. Pennsylvania Department of Transportation - Accountant NOVEMBER 2017 - JULY 2018
Review, research, analyze and verify credit card payments for motor vehicle and driver license product and services with average business of $1 million a day. Tallying Internet Credit Card Exceptions transactions on a daily basis. Reconciling monthly bank statement for 7 banks. Passing journal entries for cash register on monthly basis. Pennsylvania Public School Employees Retirement System - Auditor / Retirement Technician SEPTEMBER 2007 - NOVEMBER 2017
I started as a Financial Program Trainee for 1 year and got promoted as an Auditor. Worked for State Government as an Auditor for 8 years and 2 years as Retirement Technician. Review, analyze, verify and validate public school employees’ retirement benefits for 488,000 employees in 780 public schools. Review the results of benefit calculation in detail to ensure that business rules, board policies and bureau procedures are applied in the calculation and disbursement of retirement funds. Pennsylvania State Police H.Q. / Department of Revenue - Limited Term Clerk FEBRUARY 2007 - AUGUST 2007
Sorting personnel documents, scanning documents, creating and updating new personnel files. Sorting tax forms and documents for 2006. Entering the check stub and check entry, encoding, form-ware completion and documentation of tax forms.
Scuba Dubai - Accounts Administrator
MARCH 2002 - AUGUST 2005
Compiling monthly accounts receivable, accounts payable, bank reconciliation and income-expenditure statement. Coding debtors and creditors list. Maintaining inventory for over 250 products. I was in charge of making arrangements for weekly staff meeting, salary and staff flight ticket booking.
Al Yousuf Motors - Accountant
OCTOBER 1995 - OCTOBER 2001
Tallying cash and credit sales on a daily basis. Preparing monthly account receivables statement. Maintaining petty cash float of
$6000. Preparing payroll overtime and incentive list for 80 employees. Pactel Automation - Account Assistant
JULY 1991 - MAY 1995
Maintaining accounts receivable, accounts payable, cash book and petty cash book. Preparing monthly bank reconciliation statement and income expenditure statement.
SKILLS
Oracle account package, V3 Workflow, Mainframe database, Clipper for bank credit card transactions,, Employee SAP Self Service Module and Imaging
Proficient in MS Word, Excel and Outlook Express
General knowledge of MS Access, PowerPoint and QuickBooks Specialty Underwater Diving Course, PADI-UK
Completed 2 week class course in ‘Handling Difficult Customer’ PROJECTS
I was solely responsible in coding accounts receivable and accounts payable that ended in system generated statements and it took away the manual procedure of payment vouchers and debtors / creditors statement. I was in-charge of compiling a written procedure for placing shipment order from an international supplier, paying off the supplier, collecting the shipment from the docks, preparing invoice, delivering to the customer and follow up of payment. ACTIVITIES AND INTEREST
Music, computers and underwater diving. I was the Treasurer in 2013 for a non-profit organization.

Contact this candidate
