
CURRICULUM VITAE

Mobile 078-***-**** Email: adajpl@r.postjobfree.com

In my experience as a production planner, I have acquired skills such as: Time management, Project management and Excellent service to customers. My aim is to add value to the organization and show my competency to deliver to our customers and stakeholders. Should I be your first choice candidate, my notice period is one calendar month at a market related salary.

PRODUCTION PLANNER/SCHEDULER

I am a Production Planner/Scheduler for Netstar, vehicle tracking and recovery Company, with 18 years’ experience in an administrative planning and scheduling role. My duties are; working with the sales department for commercial/Individual vehicles in scheduling booking appointments for tracking units’ installation for our clients.

To execute bookings for clients, I work with a group of 12 technicians that I am responsible to assign /dispatch pending Fitments. For installations my responsibility is to manage technicians are fully booked for required daily fitments and the fitments are completed.

Manage their traveling and fuel management this includes having to centralize the booking for one area to minimize fuel cost and be efficient in executing my duties. Making sure that their fitments are complete and done on time. Bookings are done according to SLA which is 24-hours turnaround.

Company Netstar
Position Production planner
Dates December 2015 – present
Duties
Netstar is stolen vehicle recovery and fleet management company, it also offers telematics insurance units
Managing Planning and scheduling for technician’s key performance area:
Deliver professional customer interaction at all times and adhere to relevant policies, SOP’S and SLA’S
Efficient planning, scheduling and dispatching of all fitment tasks
Managing resources and fitment projects
Communicating with all stakeholders (internal & external) using agreed timelines & processes
Ensuring continuous high level communication with the technical team
Reviewing and correcting previous days’ issues
Meeting of set daily, monthly targets
Maintain correct records of all fitment project data
Manage a dispatching process to allocate work to technical resources

Reason for leaving: Seeking a position where my skills will be utilized effectively in order to achieve personal growth

Company South African Airways
Position Senior Scheduling Officer
Dates March 2000 – August 2015
Duties
Maintenance and resource allocation
Efficiency on process of scheduling
Roster Processing
Training of staff
Recovery of Cooperate schedule during regular or irregular operations

Reason for leaving: Retrenchment

Diploma in Business Computing, College Campus, 1999
Diploma in Transportation Management, University of Johannesburg, 2010
Secondary Schooling (Grade12), Wendywood High School, 1996

COURSES ATTENDED
VARIOUS COURSES
Road Transport Legislation.
Industrial Relations, Contracts Management,
Marketing Management, Strategic Management, Transport Economics,
Transport Operations - Planning, Project Management, Import and Exports, Research Essay and Road Freight Transport.
Moving South Africa, Logistics Management.
Pastel Partner V5, Business Communication

MS Office
PegaSys,
SAAFARI,
SITATEX,
Mobitech,
CRM
Amadeus Altea Departure Control Customer Management.

Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Conflict Resolution Management.
Telephone Etiquette and Time Management.
Excellent administrative, planning and organizing skills
Good interpersonal skills.
Pay attention to detail.
Advance Customer Care Service – Advance Performance Maximization.

PERSONAL DETAILS

Date of Birth - 28 August 1977
Language - Sepedi, isiZulu, Setswana, English, Sesotho
Gender - Male
Marital Status - Married
Health - Good (Non Smoker)
Driver’s License - C1
Criminal Records - None
Residential - Lyttleton, Centurion
Alternative Number - Reneilwe Matlawa (083-***-****)

c



To Whom It May Concern,

I am an external Sales Consultant for Netstar, and deal with our Fitment Planning Team daily. Lebo Matlawa is currently employed as a Planning Administrator.

He is extremely dedicated and passionate about our clients, and understands the common goal and urgency of any matter.

He works very well under pressure, he gets things done, and certainly enjoys doing it!

He has good relationships with Sales Consultants, Technicians and Management.

Lebo is truly an asset to our business, and I have no doubt he will make a success and be a huge advantage in any team.

Even though he will be missed, I will certainly recommend Lebo Matlawa for any position that he applies for, and wish him all the best in his career.

Best regards,

Charlene Swanepoel
Sales Consultant - Insurance
Sales and Marketing

T +27-11-207-**** C +27-72-321-****

LEBOGANG GODFREY MATLAWA
PERSONAL SUMMARY
CAREER HISTORY
EDUCATION & TRAINING
COMPUTERLITERACY
CORE COMPETENCIES

Contact this candidate
