
Vikash Kumar
Mobile: 970-***-**** ~ E-mail: adajj5@r.postjobfree.com

A result oriented professional with over 20 years of experience in Sales & Marketing and Business Development Food Industry, FMCG, and Telecom
Demonstrated abilities in exploring business potential,Opportunities & clientele to secure profitable business volumes.
Excellent sales and marketing skills with proven experience in competitive markets through planning and organization, development of marketing and sales teams and design and implementation of successful marketing strategies
Well versed with markets across Bihar, Jharkhand and UP-East
Extensive background in complex and challenging environments with proven ability to represent the company with Customers, Business Partners and Employees.
Capable of defining and managing a comprehensive go-to market strategy and planning that include sales support and partner material
Competent in engaging stakeholders including vendors, marketing teams and dealers for ensuring that common goals are achieved Expertise in leading business planning and performance management of channel partners
My stints with leading organizations are:

LUMBINI BEVERAGES (FOBO PEPSI)
HINDUSTAN COCA-COLA BEVERAGES
BHARTI AIRTEL LTD
VODAFONE SPACETEL LTD
TELENOR
IDEA CELLULAR LTD
MOREISH FOODS LTD

PROFICIENCY FORTE

General Management
Strategy Planning New Initiatives / Set Ups Feasibility Study/ Evaluation
Operations Launch Liaison / Coordination People Management
Functional Business Operations
Profit Centre Operations Sales & Business Development Revenue Generation
Market Penetration Business Analysis Competitor Evaluation
Market Research / Expansion Key Account Management Channel Management
Product Promotions / Launches Product Strategies Customer Relationship Management

Team Management
Creating an environment that encourages high performance and maintains high energy levels; motivate teams in optimizing their contribution levels.
Leading, mentoring & monitoring the performance of the team to ensure efficiency in business operations, meeting of individual & group targets.
Coordinate in identifying the training needs of people for upgrading their skills and knowledge. Devise carrier development plan for people development.
Ensure high level of people engagement.
Strategy Planning
Conceptualizing & implementing long-term strategic business plans in tune with market trend, competitive scenario, macro business opportunities and channel readiness.
Conducting Business Strategy Planning & Analysis for assessment of revenue potential & opportunities so as to tap new business sources to achieve planned targets.
Heading operations with a view to achieve business objectives and ensure top line and bottom line profitability.
Channel Management
Ensure complex channel management by enabling “Channel strategy development” and effective implementation of the same across region.
Implementing the understanding of Market Knowledge Audit study for deeper market penetration and improving weighted reach.
Monitoring distribution networks to ensure ready availability of the product range across the region.
Drive Key Account Management principle to address the needs of Key Clients.
Business Development
Identifying and networking with prospective clients; generating business from existing accounts and achieving profitability and increased sales growth.
Analysing marketing trends and tracking competitors’ activities and providing valuable inputs for product enhancement and fine-tuning sales & marketing strategies.
Conceptualising & implementing customer services plans and policies (credit/ discounts) for the Region.
Product Promotions/Launches
Devising & implementing marketing plans & activities for successful launching of new products.
Providing direction to BTL promotions with focus on budgeting, planning and steps involved in execution.
Ensuring maximum brand visibility to project right image of the brand and the corporate
Managing corporate communication, brand image building & product awareness campaigns.

EMPLOYMENT SCAN

Sales Manager - (Bihar) MOREISH FOODS LTD (FMCG & Bakery Products)

Career Path;

Sales Manager -–Sales & Operations –Bihar, East U.P April’2019 – Till Date

Significant highlights across the tenure with the organization include:

To execute the sales strategy for the area through a team of 5 Area Sales Managers, 13 Area Sales Executive & 26 ISR plan to achieve the top line & bottom line deliverables.
To review measures & recommend actions for improvement.
Handle Depot, C&F, and DSD, super stockiest, distributor, Associate Distributor, Hawker, vendor & retailer’s network.
To access distribution gaps & to drive growth in unrepresented & under represented mkt. & to determine whether to have direct/indirect distribution.
To map the opportunity in the mkt. basis the ND/PPO/VPO & plan for increasing availability.
To review weekly & monthly performance & suggest actions for enhancing sales, M.E, shares etc.
To improve adherence to sales routines & processes & to develop the sales team on the job to improve skill levels to segment priority market For activation & plan on investment judiciously to drive business growth.
To plan specific marketing programs & promotions to improve gaps in execution.
To allocate monthly discount & DME budgets to the team to drive achievement of their targets, regular tracking & review of the same.
To review placement of SGAS with respect to maximizing their productivity & ensure better ROI.
Co-ordinate with all support functions like channel mktg., supply chain, logistics, capability, unit HR, legal & I.T
Ensure maximum brand visibility to project right image of the brand.
Managing corporate communication, brand image building & product awareness communication.
Managing sales of 20 Cr. from assigned Region.
Leading a team of 5 ASMS, 13 ASE, 26 ISR, 1 logistic, 1 Production manager, 1 Factory manager, 1 capability, 1 service engineer, 1 I.T Manager.
Ensure 100% execution excellence in business delivery.
Facilitating entire operations related to product launching, product handling, and promotion implementation of innovative ideas
Responsible for commercial hygiene in the Zone– receivables, channel discount process and asset management at retailer locations. The regional commercial team is the support function.

Key Achievements

Developed and implemented knowledge audit based channel differentiation to manage the channel partners. This differentiated approach helped in complete clarity of channel priorities and

Controlled and implemented proper distribution of discounts to the channel & ensured road map to price stability and multiplier impact on good channel profitability.

Area Sales Manager – Vaishali/Chapra/Siwan ~ Bihar IDEA CELLULAR LTD. - TELECOM

Career Path;

Manager Sales & Distribution – Siwan Jan.’18 – Mar.’19

Responsibilities
To achieve the volume plan for the Zone by increasing SOGA/CMS % & retail counter share.
To put in place a robust Sales and Distribution structure.
Coordinating with other departments in completing the assigned job - Marketing, MARCOM, SDQ, Network and Finance team.
Focus on competitors activities/Unlimited products for increase customer base.
Minimizing CAF noncompliance norms and meeting other norms fixed by the company.
To remove LUS site and increase HUS.
Focus on distribution GAP and appoint new distributors for proper distribution.
Reduce churn.

Channel Support Head – B&J Sep.’16 – Dec.’18

Responsibilities
Handling entire documentations process of B&J through 73 HUBs Operation.
Led a team of 14 ZSD and 139 AOs.
Responsible of 700 Idea Store of entire B&J for Post-paid business.
Opened 200 new Idea store in FY17-18
Attrition & Training of Idea store executive.
Maintain Idea store score month wise month.

Project-
04 projects drive through Idea store in FY17-18 for circle.
CSAT- Idea was no-1 in all Q1/Q2/Q3 and Q4.
Re-verification
4G SIM up
SIMEX

Manager Sales & Distribution – Vaishali/Chhapra Dec.’11 – Aug.’16

Spearheaded the Prepaid business & operations for profitability & growth of Business across Vaishali and Saran Districts.
Enabled business growth by developing and managing a network of Channel Partners across assigned territories for deeper market penetration & reach.
Led a team of 12 People.
Spearheaded sales through road shows, service camps and other promotional activities.
Imparting training to the staff members for proving product knowledge.
Minimizing CAF non-compliance norms and meeting other norms fixed by the company.
Business development – retail mapping & adding new outlet & maintain healthy relationship with the trade.
To increase CMS/SOGA and RMS %.
Achievements:
Won Super 20 contest for excellent performance for 20 KPI for all 04 Quarters of FY” 2011-2012.
Won Super 8 contest for excellent performance for 04 – FY 2013-2014
Won Champions Club Award (Nov 15 & Dec 16).
Successful appointment of 250 Garmin Mitra in micro rural market.

Deputy Manager – Aurangabad ~ Bihar UNITECH WIRELESS PVT. LTD. – TELECOM

Career Path;

Deputy Manager -Aurangabad, Central Bihar Feb.’11 – Nov. ’11

Significant highlights across the tenure with the organization include:

To put in place a robust Sales and Distribution structure.
Appoint new distributors/AD in rural market for distribution.
To focus on Customers awareness program through Van activity and Merchandizing.
Overall responsibility for prepaid business.
Increase CMS% through new customer’s acquisition.
Planning with network teams for new BTSs in high population area.
Reduce Churn %.
Successfully launched in rural market.

Assistant Sales Manager –Nalanda~ Bihar VODAFONE SPACETEL LTD – TELECOM

Career Path;

Assistant Sales Manager –Nalanda, Nawada, Sekhpura ~ South Bihar Apr.’08 – Jan.’11

Significant highlights across the tenure with the organization include:

Steered diverse responsibilities pertaining to Business Development, Channel Management, Customer Support Operations, Marketing Services, People Development and Technical Services across South Bihar.
Managing sales of 25 Crores from assigned territory.
Overall responsibility for prepaid business.
Appointment, Training and development of distributors and DSEs.
Pre-launch planning for distribution network to counter competition & increase the retailer’s counter share, post launch.
Business development – retail mapping & adding new outlet & maintain healthy relationship with the trade.
Successful launch of Vodafone in Nalanda, Nawada, Shekhpur, Jamui and Lakhisarai town.
We were in the launching team a Vodafone Bihar & Jharkhand circle.
Focus on proper network and proper distribution channel.
Opened 55 new Vodafone retail stores in urban and rural market for better service.

Major Achievements:
No.1 Distribution Lead award for highest achievement on every parameter for 2 consecutive Quarter (Q-3 & Q-4) of FY 2008.
Recognized as a “Ssssuper Star” for excellent performance during (Q3,&-Q4) of FY 2009.
Recognized as a “Mega Star” for excellent performance during (Q1,&-Q2) of FY 2010.
Won Thailand trip for excellent performance during (Q1- Q2) FY 2010.
Best Distribution Lead award for FY 2010 by CH.
Vodafone store executives are maintain our Store score.

Territory Sales Manager –Nalanda~ Bihar BHARTI AIRTEL LTD – TELECOM

Career Path;
Territory Sales Manager –Ara, Buxer and Mohania ~ South Bihar Apr.’06 – March’08

Significant highlights across the tenure with the organization include:

Steered diverse responsibilities pertaining to Business Development, Channel Management, Customer Support Operations, Marketing Services, People Development and Technical Services across assigned territory.
Launched the PCO in assigned territory and appoint new distributors.
Managing sales of 30 lac from assigned territory.
Overall responsibility for PCO business.
Pre-launch planning for distribution network to counter competition & increase the retailer’s counter share, post launch.
Business development –adding new outlet & maintain healthy relationship with the trade.
Successful launch of Airtel PCO in Ara, Buxer and Mohania town.
We were in the launching team a Airtel PCO Bihar & Jharkhand circle.

Major Achievements:
Star of the Zone award for highest achievement on every parameter for July’ 06 by COO.

Sr. Sales Executive (Sales & Operations)-Patna (Bihar) COCA COLA (HCCBPL) - BEVERAGES

Career Path;
Sr. Sales Executive –Sales & Operations –Vaishali, Saran, Gaya Sept.03 – Mar.’06
and Patna ~Bihar

Significant highlights across the tenure with the organization include:

To execute the sales strategy for the area through a team of PSR., Sales Team Leaders(STL) & Market Developers (MD) & plan to achieve the topline & bottom line deliverables.
To review measures & recommend actions for improvement.
Handle distributor, Associate Distributor & retailer’s network.
To access distribution gaps & to drive growth in unrepresented & under represented mkt. & to determine whether to have direct/indirect distribution.
To map the opportunity in the mkt. basis the ND/PPO/VPO & plan for increasing chilled availability.
To review weekly & monthly performance & suggest actions for enhancing sales, M.E, shares etc.
To improve adherence to sales routines & processes & to develop the sales team on the job to improve skill levels to segment priority mkts. For activation & plan on investment judiciously to drive business growth.
To plan specific marketing programs & promotions to improve gaps in execution.
To allocate monthly discount & DME budgets to the team to drive achievement of their targets, regular tracking & review of the same.
On quarterly basis do SWOT analysis for the area & share the same with seniors.
Ensure maximum brand visibility to project right image of the brand.
Ensure 100% execution excellence in business delivery.

Key Achievements

Completely controlled employee attrition both at PSR and MDE sales force level with key focus on team building, provide challenging tasks and creating great environment to work.
Pivotal in setting up new systems and processes to improve daily sales phasing. This resulted in significant improvement sales operations, channel confidence and sales team motivation
Controlled and implemented proper distribution of discounts to the channel & ensured road map to price stability and multiplier impact on good channel profitability.

Account Development Coordinator –Patna~ Bihar PEPSI (LBPL) - PATNA
Career Path;
Account Development Coordinator -Patna Sept ’97 – Aug.’03

Significant highlights across the tenure with the organisation include:

Responsible for motivating & driving sales force.
Responsible for increasing penetration of product (SKU) in Key retail outlets.
Planning & implementation of local promotional activities
Business development –Key retail mapping & adding new Key outlet & maintain healthy relationship with the trade.
Overall responsibility of business from key outlets.

Key Achievements
Award of excellence for registered growth 1998-99 by MD.
Represented Bihar in “Koun Banega Karorpati” for the best achiever in Yrs.2000.
I also got certificate from Mr Amitabh Bachchan

EDUCATION

MBA (Marketing) Global Open University
B.SC (Hons.) B.B.A.B UNIVERSITY MUZAFFARPUR BIHAR in 1995

PERSONAL VITAE

Date of Birth : 26TH June 1975
Father’s Name : Late M.K Srivastava
Address : Patlipura, Patna
Love Working with : Nature & Sports

Contact this candidate
