
Gert Engelbrecht
South Africa +27-822****** adajh1@r.postjobfree.com
DOB: 21 March 1964
Professional Profile

Able to handle challenges, with proven history of increased productivity.
Able to lead others in high-demand situations.
Commended for reliability and trustworthiness, self-motivated, hard-working individual.
Experienced team leader and team player with broad experience in various production plants of 30 years’ experience.
Experienced Supervisor with over 30 years’ experience in mining and metals industry, skilled in production plants, Safety Management, Minerals, Continuous Improvement.
Ensures compliance with safety standards and provides maintenance forecasts, daily reports, weekly performance reports, staff performance reviews and hires new staff
Plans, schedules and prioritises workload and allocates tasks according to skills and capabilities
Manages Health and Safety compliance at all times, training as required to achieve full understanding
Works with customers to manage expectations and communicates at all levels of the business to achieve objectives, maintain quality and client satisfaction.
Trains and develops the team on a range of equipment and tasks, setting and driving to targets and KPIs, handling all performance appraisals and disciplinary meetings as required
Utilises extensive training and experience to track and diagnose problems and devise sustainable solutions, analysing failures for lessons learned, adapting to changing conditions and requirements

Key Achievements

High plant availability and asset utilization consistently above target of 95%.
Saving of money, time on production achieved through optimizing project plans to reduce production downtime.
Several plant improvements with great successes to the operation and production. Plant availability and recovery improvement on milling and flotation circuit
Commissioning specialist of sulphuric acid plant and several concentrator and filter plants.
Offer intensive training to local trainees to fill supervisory positions (expatriate).
Reviewing and writing plant modules and operating procedures

Career Summary

Production Foreman: Nkomati Nickel Mining 2009 - Present
Manage a team of four section supervisors and eighteen plant operators, control room operators. Responsible for all safety and production on the concentrator plant. Commissioned new concentrator plant from Gyratory crusher up to Larox filter plant.

Production Foreman: Tati Nickel Mining Company Francistown Botswana 2004 - 2009
Manage a team of 4 Foremen and 92 skilled personnel. Responsible for all production and improvements on the Jaw Crushing, Milling, Flotation, Filtration, Tailings and reagents. Hold daily meetings with teams, engineering, safety and production. Control of production budget and assist supervisors with day works and optimising and recoveries. Assist with planned/scheduled maintenance system, Nosa registers as well as driving the condition and status of the plant and safety improvement on critical production units. Responsible for the citizen training requirements and on the job training as per Botswana Labour policy. Overseeing of inhouse projects to meet specified deadlines and that the quality of work was carried out as per company standards. Acting regular as plant Manager when not available on the Concentrator plant.

Production Foreman: Richards bay/Foskor Acid Division 2000 – 2004
Manage a team of 4 foreman’s and 28 skilled personnel. Responsible for all the commissioning and production, improvements in the Sulphuric plant, within budget. Assist in setting up systems to improve the production, breakdown prevention and shut down planning. Responsible for the training and development of understudies within company policy. To drive top safety standards. Write all training modules and implement it by train 28 people.

Shift Foreman: Phalaborwa/Foskor Copper and Phosphate 1989 – 2000
Managed a team of 6 section Foremen, 26 operators. Responsible for the planning and coordinating of the hourly, daily production, to improve recoveries of copper and phosphate at milling and flotation plant, in total of 25 rod mills and 5 vertimills and 12 flotation banks. Copper filtration and dispatch. Tailings thickeners and disposal.

Telkom Technician 1983 to 1989
Optic fibre construction & Installation

Education, Training & Certification

Computer Skills
-Microsoft office, Ellipse, e-mail & internet (Proficient), SCADA systems, Talenger, E-Flow
Courses Completed
-Milling & Flotation, Planned Maintenance, Leadership Skills, Industrial Relations, Mentoring & Coaching, Nosa, SDP, Hazard Identification & Risk Assessment, Quality control, NQF Level 5 Assessor, Legal Liability, Fatigue Management, Cost Control.
Tertiary Qualifications
-Diploma Production Management NQF 6 – Lyceum institute
-Diploma Training Management NQF 6 – Lyceum Institute
-Trade Certificate Telkom Technician
School Education
-Grade 12

Career References

Rio Tinto
Specialist – McKinsey Toronto – Stephan van Zyl +27-795******

Nkomati Nickel
Plant Manager – Mzwahke Cindi, +27-826******
General Manager – Bertina Seymonds, +27-824******
HOD Manager - B Mswazi +27-825******

Contact this candidate
