
Ms. POOJA H.A.
Email ID:
adajpp@r.postjobfree.com
Contact No:
+918*********
Personal Details:
Date of Birth:
**/**/****
Nationality: Indian
Languages Known:
English, Kannada, Hindi,
Konkani.
Permanent Address:
“Near durgadevi
temple, durgakeri
honnavar, U.K.-
581334.
Career Objective:
To join an organization that provides a challenging environment that enables me to utilize, enhance and diversify my strong analytical and managerial skills. To seize the opportunity that would enable me to work on challenging working career. Also I can integrate into the esteemed organization & utilize my experience and skills to fulfill the position & achieve organization objectives and strategies. Education Qualification:
RESUME
Course
Institution
Specialisation
Year of
passing
Marks
M.Tech
Nagarjuna College Of Engineering
and Technology, VTU Bengaluru.
Structural
Engineering
2019
9.71
(C.G.P.A)
B.E
M.I.T.E,
Moodabidre
Civil
Engineering
2017
72.56%
P.U.C
ALVAS PU College,
Moodabidri. Karnataka State
Board.
P.C.M.B
2013
77.67%
S.S.L.C
Marthoma English Medium
School, Honnavar
Regular
2011
90.56%
Projects:
Conferences/ Workshop Attended/ Training undertaken:
MS-Office(Excel, Word & Power Point) .
AutoCAD, with knowledge of 2D and 3D modelling.
Experience in Basic use of computers.
ETABS Software
Staad Pro.(Structure modeling and analysis)
Lab VIEW
Technical skills:
Title : Charcoal Concrete
Description: Charcoal concrete containing charcoal is an example of construction material in harmony with this concept, where by sustainable construction development is useful with satisfactory performance, in both service and safety of structure, at lower costs and with advantages over ordinary concrete. Title : Vibration Analysis on Structural Component Description: The vibration analysis on structural components using virtual instrument is important in which resonance vibrations are measured. This vibration data is used to identify the beam’s fundamental mode of vibration. Tri-axial accelerometer will be used to measure and LabVIEW is used to record the vibrations of structural components. In this project an experimental analysis will be carried out by creating a prototype model of the beam. The design specification is used as per IS456-2000. The prototype model of beam prepared in laboratory is subjected to resonance vibration by using vibration system. Obtained results are logged in LabVIEW software. The measured vibration data will be subjected to FFT analysis and the results are to be interpreted with real time project for obtaining load carrying capacity of structure.
Undergone the training program on Industrial Automation Technology by BOSCH REXROTH Training Center in the field of Programmable logic Controllers.
Participated in 3d modeling at MITE.
Internship on AutoCADD 2D and 3D design in Telang Consultacy, Honnavar.
Took part in National workshop on “Management Techniques Of Rain Water Harvesting Artificial Recharge Structures in Dakshina Kannada Udupi Districts Of Karnataka” at MITE.
Trained under ESDP (Employment Skill Development Program) conducted at MITE I hereby declare that all the statements made above in the RESUME are true, complete and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Place: Honnavar (Ms. Pooja H.A.)
Declaration
Achievements
Participated in “ National Design Competition 2016”.
Participated as delegate in one day seminar on “ High Strength Concrete”. On 13th February 2019 at The Capital Hotel, Bengaluru.
Participated in 4th International Conference on “ Innovation and Emerging Trends in Mechanical Engineering”. IIETME-2019, on 26th and 27th March 2019 at NCET College, Bengaluru.
Completed internship as a desiner and site Engineer for about 14 weeks in “ Arnav Construction Pvt. Ltd”.
Participated as delegate in one day conference on “ precaste concrete ” at The Capital Hotel, Bengaluru.

Awarded with second rank for handwriting competition.
Awarded with many prizes in Bharatanatyam competition.
Obtained “Academic Excellence award” in M.Tech 1st year 2017-18.
Gold Medalist for M.Tech in Structural Engineering in the year 2019.
Invited as a guest of honour at “ vidyanidhi yojana” Honnavar.

Contact this candidate
