
Sheeraz Ahmed
CONTACT INFO
Phone: +919*********
No: 115/A, 8 th Cross,
Address:
kuvempunagar, Mandya,
Karnataka, India - 571401
Email: adajfv@r.postjobfree.com
“I am seeking an opportunity to merge my initiative, the enthusiasm with 5+ Years of proficiency, to add value, both to the organization and myself. To aim at expanding my horizons and developing skills in the field of “Civil Engineering ” and to work in a dynamic environment that provides opportunities for my growth.” AREA OF EXPERTISE
Material Handling Billing of Quantities Bar Bending Schedule Quantity Surveyor Prestress Concrete Project Management Road Construction Residential Buildings Site Execution EXPERIENCE
V K Engineering Construction, Hyderabad AUG 2013 TO JUL 2014 Site Engineer
Proficient in supervising & controlling of site activities along with overall monitoring to expedite their safety by providing valuable suggestions for eﬃciency enhancements. Responsible for Incoming material checking, In process checking, Process Control, Quality control & Quality assurance.
Developing inspection methods & monitoring system to assure conformance to required standards. Maintaining quality procedures manual and ensure the awareness of all employees with regards to the critical of quality and the adopted standards.
Interprets construction drawings and studies the documents and applicable standards or specifications before execution of any jobs.
Manages directly and provide engineering and technical support to all the local workgroups at the site. Coordinate with consultant's representatives for any site instructions and inspection of works. Responsible in preparation of Bills and Schedules of Quantities of materials, labor, and services required in the construction and equipment of the building, or engineering works. Managing the construction process from the stage of conceptual development through final construction and making sure that the project gets done on time & within budget. Execution of work as per drawing and standards both discipline Architecture and Structural Works. Monitoring the project works in compliance with specification and drawing parameters. Preparing daily, weekly and monthly reports and preparation of bar bending schedule, B.O.Qs, subcontractor bills, etc.,
Projects Handled
Railway Project
Construction of Road Over Bridge in lieu of LC no 11’A’ class Allalasandra Bangalore, between Yeswanthpur and Yelahanka railway stations. Expertise in handling the below process
Foundations(open and pile) Fabrication Grouting
PSC Girders Scaﬀoldings
Reinforced Earth
Technology(RET)
Suneha Constructions,Bangalore AUG 2014 TO SEP 2015 Site Engineer
Responsible in preparation of Bills and Schedules of Quantities of materials, labor and services required in the construction and equipment of the building, or engineering works. Preparing contract documents, including bills of quantities with the architect or the client. Undertaking costs analysis for repair and maintenance of project work. Assisting in establishing a client’s requirements and undertaking feasibility studies. Performing risk and value management and cost control. Identifying, analyzing and developing responses to commercial risks. Assisting clients in locating and accessing additional and alternative sources of funds. Proficient in supervising & controlling of site activities along with overall monitoring to expedite their safety providing valuable suggestions for eﬃciency enhancements. Analyzing, Designing and Detailing Structures & Steel Structures viz., Single and Multi Storied Residential/ Commercial Buildings.
Responsible for project functions included but not limited to Project Management, Site Management, Project Control Management, Engineering Management, Procurement, Construction Management, etc. are all coordinated and properly staﬀed to meet the project(s) goals. Manage all stages of the Multi- store Residential, Apartments Projects.
Preparing and Checking slab details (quantity and sizes) and Monitoring Cutting and Loading process when required.
Setting out the works in accordance with the drawings and specification. Checking materials and work in progress for compliance with the specified requirements and observance of safety requirements.
Maintaining quality procedures manual and ensure the awareness of all employees with regards to the critical of quality and the adopted standards.
Interpret construction drawing and studies the documents and applicable standards or specifications prior to the execution of any jobs. Manages directly and provide engineering and technical supports to all the civil work groups at site. Submits site daily reports, inspection requests, estimates and all applicable monitoring reports on a regular basis or as required.
Ensures that all the works done are in accordance with the approved construction drawings, contract documents, project specifications, and all applicable standards. Planning of daily work as per the instructions from the project engineer. Responsible in preparation of Bills and Schedules of Quantities of materials, labor, and services required in the construction and equipment of the building, or engineering works. Undertaking costs analysis for repair and maintenance of project work. Zilla Panchyath Mandya, Govt of Karnataka
FEB 2016 TO JULY2019
Technical Assistant Engineer
Managing the construction process from the stage of conceptual development through final construction and making sure that the project gets done on time & within budget. Submit site daily reports, inspection requests, estimates and all applicable monitoring reports on a regular basis or as required.
Preparation of material approvals.
Preparation of Estimation for various structures like Culverts, Drainage systems, Oﬃce Buildings, Concrete Roads, Residential Buildings and other structures which comes under Rural Infrastructure. Ensures that all the works done are in accordance with the approved construction drawings, contract documents, project specifications, and all applicable standards. Assuring the implementation of quality and safety aspects at the site. Planning of daily work as per the instructions from the project engineer.
Review drawings produced using computer-assisted drafting systems (CAD) or drafting machines. Assist in monitor work in progress and prepare a weekly report of the status of each task/assignments. Carrying out initial surveys and environmental impact assessments on potential sites to assess whether construction plans are workable.
Supervise the works on a day-to-day basis as per the work program. Ensuring the works contracts and contractual Clauses related to quality or quantities of works to be followed correctly.
Review the provision towards quality assurance and carry out quality control tests as specified in technical specification during the construction period. Overall project coordination, as well as resolving any technical and contractual issues encountered in the projects.
Analyzes field data collected at project sites and uses engineering design guidelines to design, draw plans and develop specifications for road and bridge improvement projects. Eﬃcient in project monitoring, Execution, Planning, Scheduling, Resource mobilization, Operations, and coordination with clients and subcontractors.
Materials & Resources forecasting & procurement process Site supervising and Checking Levels & survey works as per needed.
Liaising with the project planning engineer regarding construction programs. Monitoring and controlling the cost, time and quality of the project.
Checking materials and work in progress for compliance with the specified requirements. Projects Handled
Project
Rural Infrastructure Projects- Panchayat Buildings, Godowns, School Buildings,Check dams. Mandya,
Karnataka
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Operating System Windows 2000/XP/7/8.1/10
Oﬃce Packages MS Outlook/2000/9/7/10,MS Oﬃce
Software Packages Auto CAD, Solid Edge
CERTIFICATIONS
Auto CAD
MAY 2011
Sai Auto CAD, Bangalore
EDUCATION
P.E.S College Of Engineering, Mandya
MAY 2013
B.E in Civil Engineering
8.67 (CGPA)
79.2%
P.E.S PU College, Mandya
MAR 2009
Pre-University Education
69.5%
Adarsa High School, Mandya
MAR 2007
Class X
81%
CORE
COMPETENCIES
Professional, growth-oriented, easy adaptive and a quick learner. Talented, independent, responsible, hardworking and eﬃcient in analytical complex solving issues. An extrovert with very good blending capabilities. An absolute team player with good communication skills. Ability to deal with a diverse range of cultures and nationalities internationally. Highly competent self-motivated, hardworking with the ability to rapidly learn and apply new skills Ability to plan and deliver oral and written communications that make an impact and persuade their intended audiences.
Ability to notice, interpret, and anticipate other’s concerns and feelings, and to communicate this awareness empathetically to others.
PERSONAL DETAILS
English, Hindi, Kannada, &
Name Sheeraz Ahmed Languages Known
Urdu
Father's Name Zaheer. N U Date of Birth 15.01.1992 Gender Male Passport Number S8363434
Nationality Indian Passport Expiry 22.10.2028
Marital Status Married Native Place Mandya

Contact this candidate
