
RESUME JESUS M. ARAUJO
Civil Engineer
Mr. Araujo is graduated from the University of Texas at El Paso in December of 2018 with a Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering. He has over 23 years of construction related experience as Superintendent in construction of: mine product conveyor belt in san Felipe Baja California Mexico placing more than 1000 tons of steel in the structure and wall of 1.50m wide, 4.00 length and 22.0m of high. Also, in Autopistas Tepic-Mazatlán and Arco Norte in Mexico (highways) was building some secondary roads and 6 PIV (small bridges to cross the highways), Also the placement of drainage pipes, drinking water, sewers and utilities as preparations for the construction of streets and avenues in cd juarez EDUCATION
Bachelors Of Science - Civil
Engineering
University of Texas at El Paso
Licenciatura en Ingenieria Civil
1989 – 1995 UACJ Mexico
Mr. Araujo joins in 2002 to Yvasa which is the bigger houses construction company at Chihuahua Mexico As Project chief making many subdivisions projects of hydrology, hydraulics sewer and water drainage, design and volumes of roadways for construction for about 20,000 houses. Also, In Chijal Holding at el Paso, a pool was built, the house is remodeled, elevator installation and construction of apartments.
In these days Mr. Araujo works as a contractor for some construction companies such as Yvasa, Ruba y Enalte. the works carried out are subdivision projects, design of drinking water and drainage networks, hydraulic designs and hydrology as well as levels of finished floors of the subdivisions. He also done by herself some earth work in the last year such as taco baja restaurant, quinones house and some parking lots in Juarez Mexico. He also has experience in the following construction related softwares: AutoCAD, Land Development, Civil Cad, Microsoft Office, Opus Ole (unit prices)
Mr. Araujo has carried out geometric projects, of signaling, sanitary drainage and potable water as well as levels of finished floor of roads for the government of Juarez city.
In addition, Mr. Araujo during the construction of projects on their own, they have made budgets, estimates and work programs for construction control and administration, as well as negotiations with contractors. Contact:
adajk7@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile: 656-***-****
Address: 9401 Stone wall dr. el Paso Texas. 79924
You created this PDF from an application that is not licensed to print to novaPDF printer (http://www.novapdf.com) RESUME JESUS M. ARAUJO
EXPERIENCE:
Year Company Position Duties:
2000-before
Municipio de cd Juarez,
Obras Publicas Dept. Project Engineer Design of highway and streets projects 2000-2002
SUMA
governmentagency Project Coordinator
Supervision and administration of streets construction including: retention walls and networks of drinking water and sanitary drainage
2002-2010 Yvasa (houses builder) engineering manager Design of potable water networks, sanitary drainage, streets, retention walls, absorption wells, ponds and topography of many housing subdivision
2010-2011 Urbanimaq S.A. Superintendent
Biddings, administration and hiring of contractors for the construction also Superintendent for the
construction of secondary road works and hydraulic works for the maintenance of the Tepic - Mazatlán
highways, Arco Norte in Pachuca hidalgo and works
administration for the San Felipe mine in Baja
California for the Carso group
2011-2012 Chijal Holding Project Engineer
In charge of construction and administration of
remodeling of house and construction of 3
departments, likewise in charge of maintenance of
house
2013-2018
MAB construcción y
proyecto Owner
Construction of foundation platforms for several
residences, remodeling of altavista high school,
installation of water pipes and sanitary drainage of streets. service to several companies such as RUBA, Yvasa, Enalte, Pasa for design of engineer projects. You created this PDF from an application that is not licensed to print to novaPDF printer (http://www.novapdf.com)

Contact this candidate
