
RESUME MANOJ HR
MANOJ H R
Contact: +91-916*******
Email: adajgi@r.postjobfree.com
Sc/o Prabhuswamy,’snehashreya’Nilaya
Ragavendra Sawmill Road
Channarayapatna 573116
Career Objective:
To obtain a challenging position in a high quality engineering environment where my resourceful experience and academic skill will add value to organizational operations Academic Details:
B.E in Civil Engineering [2013] with aggregate of 69.15% from VTU. Work experience:
5 Years and 10 Months Work Experience in Different Organization.
Working as NLD Fibre Engineer in Reliance Jio Infocom Ltd from 1st February 2018 to Till Date.
Worked in Sobha Ltd as Project Engineer from 21st May 2014 to 30th January 2018.
Worked in Manasa Constructions as Site Engineer from 09th October 2013 to 20th May 2014.
Worked in Infycons Creative Software Pvt ltd as trainee engineer from 04th July 2013 to 08th October 2013.
Project Details:
NLD Fibre Engineer
a. Executed the Laying of NLD fibre from Route Srirangapatna to Hunsur. b. Executed the Laying of NLD fibre from Route Bellur Cross to Pandupura. c. Executed the Laying of NLD fibre from Route K.R Nagar to Doranahalli. o Including Measurement, Billing and Approved.
Residential Homes
a. Description : Analysis and detailed Construction of Residential and Commercial Buildings up to G+3 Structures.
Role : Site engineer
b. Description : At time of Site Marking, Footing Marking, Excavation, placement Reinforcement as per BBS, Frames, slabs and concrete casting of different sites of Residential and Commercial Structures.
Role : Site Engineer
As Project Engineer - Detail study of Drawings and executing the same with supervision and finishing activities
RESUME MANOJ HR
As Senior Engineer – Planning, Co-ordination with subordinates and Execution
As Site Incharge – With proper materials planning and manpower management has done Residential Buildings (G+3).Manasa construction
With supervision have done Eighty Seven Pipe Rack Plus Columns with top beams to carry the services(0.6km).
Four Lakh Capacity Fire Hydrant Tank at Ground level.
As Senior Engineer looked after Commercial Building structure Syngene Research Centre at Biocon Park.
Developing the Excel Sheet Formats.
As Senior Engineer – Block work, Plastering and also finishing activities such as Flooring(EPOXY), Partition work, Painting, Tiling.
As Senior Engineer – Scheduling the Work and supervision till Completion. Field of Interests:
Foundation Techniques, Latest Technology.
Skills:
Basic Knowledge of Autocad
M.S World
Achievements:
Successfully complete G+3 BUILDINGS.
Successfully complete B.E Project on “GROUND GRANULATED BLAST FURNACE SLAG AS CEMENT REPLACEMENT”.
Personal Data:
Nationality : Indian
Passport Number : P9412929
Date of Birth : 14- 02- 1992
Gender : Male
Mother Tongue : Kannada
Languages Known : Kannada, English & Hindi
Declaration:
I hereby declare that the details furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge. Date: (Manoj H R)
Place :

Contact this candidate
