
Shivakumar K G
Contact No.: +91-809*******
E-Mail: adajg2@r.postjobfree.com

ENGINEER - NETWORK MONITORING SYSTEMS
Network Performance Monitoring and Management

PROFILE SUMMARY

Offering comprehensive experience in the network monitoring space and Tools administration.
A visionary technocrat with strong abilities in liaising with other functional heads for technology development to improve and execute plan, consistently tracking development against plan and seeking strategies for increasing efficiencies.
Experience in managing & delivering projects.

EMPLOYMENT DETAILS

OCT 2018 - Till date with Harman International Industries
Position: Engineer-Network Monitoring Tools administration.

NOV 2016– to OCT 2018 at Randstad India Pvt Ltd (Clients: ACT Fibernet and EFI India Pvt Ltd)
Position: Engineer-Network Monitoring Systems.

Key Result Areas:

Worked towards the achievement of the strategic and operational objectives of the group located across multiple locations in a 7x24x365 environment.
Navigated the use of controls, tools and best practices for the network devices to identify anomalous events and performance metrics that may exploit system thereby reducing their impact.
Responsibilities:

Monitoring the network through various monitoring tools and ensure issues related to network, servers is handled on time.
Administration and maintenance of monitoring tools.
Solarwinds Orion-NPM, NCM, SAM, DPA,SRM and IVIM
DMX Technologies- Everest Infrastructure Management Frameworks
Nagios- Installation, CheckMK.
Lansweeper IT asset management.
Collaborate with technical teams to define, implement, and enhance enterprise monitoring services based on business requirements and Service Level Agreements.
Provide expertise to leverage MIBs, OIDs, and WMI performance counters to diagnose and troubleshoot network and server problems.
Collect and analyze network monitoring data to assist with determining root cause of performance issues.
Work closely with technical teams to detect network faults and performance issues and proactively implement monitoring services and alerts to prevent future occurrences.
Maintain all network elements (e.g., nodes, interfaces, volumes) including discovery and removal.
Customization of Orion web console, custom properties, and views to meet business needs.
Review SolarWinds data to determine capacity requirements.
Configure custom alerts based on system criticality.
Perform other IT duties as assigned by management like.
Creation of Virtual Machines, VM templates, increasing memory,Resource, processors, migrating in production/test environment.
Administration and maintenance of a Windows and Linux based VMs.
Trouble shooting VM related issues.
Co-ordinating with GOC activities.
Participated in Data Center Power Maintenance and involved with other region maintenance on Server level.
Raising ticket with Vendor for Hardware related alerts and providing AHS logs.

Solarwinds Orion Network Performance Monitor (NPM)

Monitoring the performance metrics like Device (Router, Switches, Servers and other Core equipment’s) CPU and Memory Utilization, Hardware sensors, Interface Traffic utilization, Interface errors etc.
Customization of Orion web console, custom properties, and views.
Configuring Alerts based on Events like Device/Interface Down, High-Traffic utilization, CPU & Memory utilization, HDD Utilization and other custom OID’s status to respective Teams.
Extracting and Flashing the Reports – Network/Node/Interface Availability, Current status of Nodes, Interfaces, Volumes and Custom OID’s, Daily/weekly/monthly analysis reports.
Creating Maps in Network Atlas.
Managing User accounts and limiting Views.

Solarwinds Orion Network Configuration Manager (NCM)

Downloading and Uploading Configuration files.
Scheduling Automated Device Backup.
Creating Jobs like – Sending a notification for any changes and deviations.
Compare configuration files and finding the changes.
Executing scripts on Devices when bulk changes need.
Configuring approval request for any changes.

Solarwinds Orion Server and Application Monitoring(SAM)

Monitoring the performance, capacity, and health of Linux and Windows servers.
Creating Application Templates.
Monitoring the status and performance of different aspects of an application.
Creating Dashboards by application type.
Managing credentials Library.
Solarwinds Orion Storage Resource management(SRM)
Monitoring the performance, capacity, and health of Storage devices like IBM, netapp, EMC, etc..
Creating Alerts, Views and Reports.
Detailed view into storage arrays, RAID groups, and LUNs makes it easier for you to identify storage performance problems quickly and fix them faster.

Everest Infrastructure Management Frameworks
New monitoring tool which was tested and implemented across multiple locations of ACT Pvt Ltd.
Project roles – Planning, Designing test cases, Executing test cases and documenting, Bug fixing.

TECHNICAL PURVIEW

Linux, Windows, VMware .
Microsoft Office – Excel, Outlook and Powerpoint
ITIL Process, ITIL tool like Servicenow
Theoretical knowledge in Lansweeper IT asset tool.
Network, OSI Model, DHCP, DNS, Routing protocols, SNMP,WMI.
STRENGTHS
Flexibility and Adaptability.
Strong in solving Technical Problems, Teamwork.
Creating a positive work environment.
Capable of Learning the Job quickly.
EDUCATION

Bachelor of Engineering (Electronics & Communication) from Visveswaraiah Technological University (VTU) in 2016 with First Division marks (68.67%).
PUC (PCMB) completed in Vikasa PU College in 2012 with 83.16%.
SSLC completed in DVS High School in 2010 and obtained marks of 76.00%.
Certifications:
I am completed networking and storage course in UTL Technologies under central government of india

PERSONAL DETAILS

Father : Gangadhar K E
Date of Birth : 17th September 1994
Languages Known : English, Kannada, Tamil, Telugu and Hindi
Address : Kotegangur (post), Shivamogga,
Karnataka, India – 577204.

DECLARATION: I hereby declare that all the details mentioned above are my own and are true to the best of my knowledge.

Signature:

Contact this candidate
