
*
CAREER OBJECTIVE
Patient- focused and emphatic registered nurse seeking position with growing medical practice. Bringing experience, care and extensive knowledge to help improve the lives of paients.
CAREER ABSTRACT:
Qualified, with more than 10 years of experience in nursing profession, strong clinical skills enhanced by natural ability to build rapport with patients and families. PERSONAL INFORMATION
Name :Rosario, Mark Anthony Fernandez
Main Address :523 Biec Silag Binmaley, Pangasinan Philippines 2417 Current Address : building 32 Bin Omran Doha, Qatar Mobile Number : +974-****-****
E-mail Address :adajid@r.postjobfree.com
Skype ID :rosario.markanthonyf
Age : 32
Date of Birth : December 6, 1986
Civil Status : Single
Gender : Male
HISTORY OF WORKING EXPERIENCE
Name of Hospital: Dar Al Fouad Hospital
Full Address: 26 july St. The Touristic Zone, 6th of October City Giza, Egypt Brief Description of Hospital:
Dar Al- Fouad Hospital was founded in 1999, A tertiary hospital with a 160 bed capacity in Giza, Egypt, on the Outskirts of Cairo. The hospital is renowed for its cardiothoracic, cardiology, vascular surgery and endovascular therapy, oncology, organ transplant, and orthopedics department, among others. It also provides Medical and Surgical care to patients. The Hospital collaborates with medical institution, such as the American Cleveland Clinics. Dar Al Fouad Hospital is top medical care and hospital managemet was recently granted accrediaation by the Joint Commision International (JCI). Full Time position 13th October 2016 to August 31, 2019 Staff Nurse ICU Preceptorship 13th August 2016 to 12th October 2016 Staff Nurse ICU 2
Name of Hospital: 7th October Hospital
Full Address: 23rd July Rd., Jamal Abdel Nasser St., Benghazi, Libya Brief Description of Hospital:
The 7th October Hospital is a government Facility that was under the management of Ministry of Health of Libya. It was 200 bed capacity which provided services more on Intensive and Medical cases in all parts of Benghazi and the neigbhoring cities. It was also educational training hospital that molds student in the diiferent aspect of medicine specialized in Intensive Care unit.
Full Time Position 15th May 2013 to 15th May 2015 Staff Nurse MICU Name of Institution: Philippine College of Science and Technology Full Address: Old Nalsian rd., Calasiao, Pangasinan, Philippines Brief Description of Institution:
Philippine College of Science and Technology was established in 1994, a Private non sectarian College. That was known in marine time studies and engeenering. Full Time Position November 2009 to March 2012 Clinical/Lecture Nurse Instructor
(College of Nursing)
Name of Institution: Collegio de Dagupan
Full Address: Arellano st. Dagupan City, Pangasinan, Philippines Brief Description of Institution: Collegio de Dagupan formerly known Computronix was founded in 1984, first as a computer electronics training center offering diploma in short term courses in computer programing and computer technician but through time improvement and growth, institution turn to distinctive Institution that molds students through an enriching and ennobling academic experience. Part Time Position July 2008 to May 2010 Clinical Instructor
(College of Nursing)
CASES HANDLED – ONE SUMMARY FROM ALL EMPLOYMENT EXPERIENCES 1. Complications from autoimmune diseases like SLE (Systemic Lupus Ertythematosus), Rheumatoid Arthritis and HIV/AIDS are usally intubated and handled solely. Atleast twice a month that I’ve handled this kind of Disease in Egypt and Once in two weeks in Libya especially hose patients suffering from HIV/AIDS. 2. Respiratory Diseases such pneumonia in elderly, ARDS (Acute Respiratory Disease Syndrome) and COPD (Chronic Obstructive Pulmunary Diseases) are some of them. Nurse patient ratio is based on the contraptions and procedure being done or for instance that the patient is in tracheostomy or intubated in ventilator. But the maximum number that a nurse handle is two in Egypt and three in Libya. Unfortunately, almost everyday, we have this cases for both countries s their people are heavy smoker.
3. A nurse patient ratio f 1:2 for Acute coronary syndrome cases including unstable angina and STEMI, while the severity of the necrotic heart tissue of a STEMI diagnosed and the procedure required of this treatment is handles alone by a nurse. This is a commn disease in Egypt and admitted to Dar Al fouad hospital everyday. 3
4. Procedure suach as PCI (Percutaneous Coronary Intervention) and cardioversion are done usuaaly every other day, and insertion of temporary pacemaker occur atleast once a week.
5. Complication of DM, Liver cirrhosis, hepatitis, acute kidney injury and patient suffering from end stage renal disease that undergone a routine hemodialysis are handled atleast every other day as well.
6. CVA, Mysthemia gravis and gulain barre syndrome are the neurological disorder that we are handling. With the exception for stroke, MG and GBS are rare that we only handled atleast once in three months, while stroke patient diagnosed almost every other day. Procedures such as craniotomy for insertion of an external ventricular drain is performed. This patiet stayed for more than a month in MICU that eventhough they are ventilated, a 1:2 nurse patient ratio is implemented. 7. Oncolgy cases suffering from breast cancer, colon cancer and acute myeloid Leukemia are admitted atleast three times a week after a rapid response code from the unit or directly from ER or G* and with a 1:2 nurse patient ratio, but if the patient’s condition deteriorates they’ve been intubate 1:1 is automatically implemented.
EQUIPMENT HANDLED - ONE SUMMARY FROM ALL EMPLOYMENT EXPERIENCES 1. Cardiac Monitor (Philips Intellview MP60/MP20)
2. Mechanical Ventilator (Drager Evita 4 edition, GE Carescape R860,Engstrom) 3. Infusion pump (Alaris GW Carefusion)
4. Defibrillator AED (Philip Heartstart XL/MRX)
5. ECG machine (Nihon cardiofaxM)
6. Syringe pump (injectomat Agilia by fresinius)
7. ACT (activate Clotting time) test system machine Actalyke Mini II 8. Foot pump (Covidien, Kendall SCD 700 series)
9. Feeding pump (Kangaroo)
10. ABG Machine
11. Blood warmer
12. Weigh lifter
13. Suction Machine
EDUCATION
COLLEGE
Diploma : Bachelor of Science in Nursing
University : Lyceum Northwestern Univeristy
Full Address : Tapuac District Dagupan City, Pangasinan, Philippines Period Attended : June 2003 – March 2007
Date of Graduation : March 15, 2007
LICENSING/CERTIFICATION
Philippine Nursing License
PRC ID No.: 0482607
4
Date of Issue of first PRC license - Day/Month/Year: 24th April 2008 Date of Expiration of current PRC license – Day/Month/Year: 6th December 2021 Qatar Council for Healthcare Practitioners
Specialty: Registered General Nurse
Date of Exam:24th June 2019
Result: Pass
Data Flow Group PSV
Category: Nurse
Result: Positive
Other Licenses
Title: National Examination Board in Occupational Safety and Health (NEBOSH) Registered in England and Wales
License No.: 00237204/724694
Date of Issue: 15th September 2015
ORGANIZATIONAL AFFILIATIONS
Name:Philippine Nurses Association
TRAINING/SEMINARS
Title: Basic life Support Course for Health Care Provider (American Heart Association) License no:1a1531c67bb8
Title: Advanced Cardiovascular Life Support (American Heart Association) License no: c82bdcca34d0
PROFESSIONAL/ACADEMIC REFERENCES
Name: Mr. Ebrahim Ahmed
Title:Head Nurse Medical Intensive Care Unit
Name of Hospital: Dar Al Fouad Hospital
Landline No.: +20-112-***-****
Mobile No.: +20-111-***-****
E-mail Address:adajid@r.postjobfree.com, adajid@r.postjobfree.com Name: Maria Rowena Vega
Title: House Supervisor
Name of Hospital: Dar Al Fouad Hospital
Landline No.:
Mobile No.: +20-114-***-****
E-mail Address:
5
Name: Sally Paradeza
Title: Nurse Supervisor
Name of Hospital/College: 7th October Hospital
Landline No.:
Mobile No.: +21-892-***-****
E-mail Address: adajid@r.postjobfree.com
HR REFERENCE - PREVIOUS EMPLOYER
Name: Mr. Mohammed Saied
Title: Head of Foreign Recruitment and Foreign Affairs Name of Hospital: Dar Al Fouad Hospital
Landline No.: (02) 382-472-47 to 48 hotline- 16370 loc. 4023 Mobile No.: +20-111-***-****
E-mail Address: adajid@r.postjobfree.com/ adajid@r.postjobfree.com VERIFICATION OF SERVICE ‘VOS’ CONTACTS
Name: Mr. Mohammed Saied
Title: Head of Foreign Recruitment and Foreign Affairs Name of Hospital: Dar Al Fouad Hospital
Landline No.: (02) 382-472-47 to 48 hotline- 16370 loc. 4023 Mobile No.: +20-111-***-****
E-mail Address: adajid@r.postjobfree.com/ adajid@r.postjobfree.com I hereby certify that above information is true and correct to the best of my knowledge. Mark Anthony F. Rosario
Applicant

Contact this candidate
