
RALPH BATYKEFER, JR.
Leominster, Massachusetts
Cell: 443-***-****
E-mail: rbatykefer_ adajeb@r.postjobfree.com

CAD DESIGNER – MECHANICAL - ARCHITECTURAL - STRUCTURAL

Exceptional team player, communicator and leader with 10+ years CAD experience, Keen mind for three-dimensional, spatial awareness and structural and floorplan layout design. Many years in the DOD environment with military personnel from all branches.

SIGNATURE SKILLS

AutoCAD – Mechanical Design – Structural Design – Architectural Design – MS PowerPoint – MS Word – MS Excel
Staff Recruiting -– Strategic Planning - Budget Planning – Team Training and Development – Conference Leading
Curriculum Development – Ergonomics – Space Utilization – Program Development – Leadership – Teamwork

CERTIFICATION
Completed online AutoCAD course in three-weeks to validate skills through New York Institute of Art and Design.
Preparing for AutoCAD certification through AutoDesk.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

DAVE’S LANDSCAPE MANAGEMENT, Hudson, Massachusetts 2016-Present
Architectural CAD Design Consultant
Design floorplans and layouts for Dave’s Landscape Management Company using CAD. Upgrading outdated commercial structures and redesigning spaces for rental usage including floor plans, electrical, and other remodel requirements.

GRACE CHURCH, Hudson, Massachusetts 2016-Present
Youth Pastor & Men’s Ministry
Led, trained and recruited 30+ volunteer team supporting youth and their families. Created teaching curriculum, retreats, and mission projects. Led Men's program enlisting monthly speakers, monthly breakfasts, and retreats.

OAK GROVE BAPTIST CHURCH, Bel Air, Maryland 1999-2016
Minister to Students/Facility Staff Supervisor
Led and trained 20+ volunteer team serving students and families. Created teaching curriculum, retreats, and mission projects. Managed the church's Trustee Board and supervised the Facility Manager and 4 member janitorial team. Coordinated contracts regarding legal and maintenance concerns. Worked with architects on new building plans.

FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH OF LAUREL, Laurel, Maryland 1993-1999
Minister of Youth/Recreation
Led a 20+ volunteer team supporting youth and families. Also developed various recreational programs to include a 20+ team bowling league, 4 softball teams, 2 basketball teams, karate program, aerobics program, and 2 volleyball teams. Worked with architects on new building plans and produced scale model of new facility and grounds.

ECKELS-BILT CONVEYOR SYSTEMS, Fort Worth, Texas 1989-1993
Engineering Consultant and AutoCAD Designer
Served as a consultant designing conveyor belt and automated manufacturing systems. Converted the design process from traditional paper drawings to AutoCAD.

MARITIME DYNAMICS, INC., Lexington Park, Maryland 1987-1989
Mechanical Engineering Technician
Designed structural and mechanical components on surface-effect-ships/hovercraft on contract with the U.S.Navy. Recorded onboard measurements on the US Navy's SES-200 and redesigned structures using AutoCAD.
Accomplishments and Volunteer Service

Captain/Owner of World Championship Pumpkin Chunking Team 2014-Present
Work with students and adults teaching engineering skills on the “Chunka from Down Unda” catapult.

Puerto Rico Restoration Project Leader 2018
Led a team of adults and youth to Manati, PR, rebuilding homes and replacing roofs devastated by Hurricane Maria.

Maryland Natural Resources Police Reserve Officer 2011-2016
Served as a volunteer training assistant and close combat consultant for the Tactical Response Team; assisted in patrolling state parks; and certified USCG boat inspections for the Maryland Natural Resources Police.

Havre de Grace High School, Varsity Track and Field Coach and State Certified Official 2009-2016
Certified Maryland Track and Field Official/Coach. Officiated at Maryland State Track and Field Championships.

Maryland Tai Chuan Do Martial Arts Board Chair 2003-2016
Coordinated four martial arts schools and their associated instructors.

6th Degree Black Belt Master Certification 2014
Tai Chuan Do Martial Arts

LifeWay Resources Multiplier 2000-2009
Led conferences for professionals and volunteers throughout the Northeast.

Certified “Learning to Listen, Learning to Teach” Conferencing Skills 2008
Mastered conference leading skills through Global Learning Partners

Martial Arts Instructor of the Year Award 2006
Southeast Martial Arts Hall of Fame

Founded Spiritual Combat Awareness Training - U.S. Army Certificate 2001
Trained the 143rd Ordinance Battalion in close quarter combat,

Construction Missionary to Republic of Moldova 1999
Aided local residents building a new church building in the town of Glodini.

Team Leader for Habitat for Humanity Project, Pennsylvania 1993
Led a group of students and adults building a home for a low-income family.

Education

New York Institute of Art and Design, New York, New York 2019
Completed online AutoCAD course in three-weeks to validate skills.

New Orleans Baptist Theological Seminary, New Orleans, Louisiana 2008
Doctor of Ministry Degree with Discipleship Concentration
Project Title: Equipping Selected Teens, Parents and Other Adults in Mentoring

Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary, Fort Worth, Texas 1993
Masters of Divinity Degree with Biblical Languages
Additional hours studied in Student Ministry and Family Counseling

Grove City College, Grove City, Pennsylvania 1987
Bachelor of Arts Degree in Christian Ministries
Christian Ministries degree comprised of courses in psychology, sociology, and theology
Additional hours in Mechanical Engineering (2 years)

Avonworth Senior High School, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 1983
Finished top five in class, emphasis in drafting/architectural design.

Contact this candidate
