
Anthony Ortiz
Senior Mechanical Designer
Beaumont, CA 92223 adajn7@r.postjobfree.com
951-***-****
I am seeking a position that will utilize my skills and offer the opportunity to enhance them. I am a firm believer that everyone has something that is valuable to offer when it comes to the project, and they will be treated accordingly, with respect and a cordial professionalism. I enjoy a challenge and ending my day with a feeling of accomplishment. I do not feel that any task is not worthy of my full energy and enthusiasm. I will always present an image that reflects my own positive and energetic work ethics and ideals as well as those of my employers, to all contacts outside of the company.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

Work Experience
Designer Commercial Warehouse/Tenant Improvement
Air Control Systems - Ontario, CA November 2018 to May 2019
Provided T-24 calculations, exhaust and load calculations. Made equipment selections based on these calculations. Created mechanical designs reflecting equipment locations, duct layout and register locations.
Coordinated these with the other disciplines associated with the project.
Submitted for construction or city plan submittal as required. Provided demo/relocate plans as required, created as built plans from field redlines.
Single and Multi-Family Residential, Senior Mechanical Designer
Pac Comfort Heating and Air - Elsinore Ca March 2018 to September 2018
Oversaw project development, coordinated manpower and materials, developed mechanical plans.
Attended meetings and project job walks, inspected the project on a regular basis in order to maintain scheduling and job safety standards.
Reviewed and wrote RFI's, incorporated any changes into the construction drawings, and oversaw the implementation of those changes.
Senior HVAC Mechanical Designer
N.P. Mechanical - Corona, Ca. April 2015 to March 2018
Created the CAD standard and drawing library.
Implementation of changes as required by California Title 24 Energy code revisions.
Implemented Manual J, D, & S calculation standards.
Producing all drawings for construction, and submittal (Single and Multi-family)
Reviewed and wrote all RFI's, incorporating the changes into the construction plans.
Attended V.E meetings, performed job walks and attended site meetings as required to meet project schedules

Senior Mechanical Designer, HERS Coordinator
20/20 Heating and Air - Riverside, CA February 2009 to March 2015
Coordinated with Sales, Superintendents, Construction Managers, and equipment venders to insure timely project completion.
Implemented HERS testing procedures. Created a training program, documentation, and trained Service Technicians in its implementation.
Completed the documentation for all single and multi-family HERS testing, and entered it into the appropriate data base/web site.
Manual J, D, & S calculations
Produced all drawings for submittal and production (single and Multi-family)
Mechanical Designer (HVAC) DGM & Associates - Costa Mesa, CA June 2007 to February 2009
Produced mechanical designs for single family, multi family, commercial mixed use, podium and on grade under the direction of a P.E. (Mechanical) for plan check submittal.
Created T-24 calculations using Energy Pro v8. Resolved Plan check corrections and wrote all response documents.
Performed Manual J, D, & S calculations
Mechanical Designer (Single Family HVAC)
LDI Mechanical - Corona, CA October 2003 to June 2007
Produced mechanical designs for single family under the direction of a P.E. (Mechanical) for plan check submittal and shop drawings.
Created T-24 calculations using Energy Pro v8. Resolved Plan check corrections and wrote all response documents.
Performed Manual J, D, & S calculations

Education
Irvin High School
El Paso Texas, Graduated 1979 (General Education Diploma)
MTI Technical School
Redlands, California, completed 2000 (Computer aided Drafting Certification)
Riverside City College
Riverside, California,
HVAC, California Mechanical Code, Blueprint reading

Miscellaneous Experience
United States Marine Corps 1981-1986 (Honorably Discharged)
Nuclear Biological Chemical warfare specialist
Engineer operations chief, Control Canter operations chief
Sargent, Squad Leader

Westinghouse Electric Corporation 1987-1992 (N.S.D.)
Steam Generator Maintenance
Reactor Coolant Pump repair
Tool development

Office Skills
Office Suite
Wright Soft
Energy Pro
Excel
AutoCAD r2000 thru 2019

Contact this candidate
