
NAME : SUBHASH CHANDRA VERMA
PROFESSION : ENGINEER (CIVIL)
DATE OF BIRTH : 05th JANUARY, 1990
NATIONALITY : INDIAN
MARITAL STATUS : YES

Educational Qualification:

•Degree in Civil Engineering on 2011 from Gautam Budha Technical University Lucknow(Uttar Pradesh)

Key Qualification:

•Mr. Subhash chandra Verma is a Degree in Civil Engineering with more than 08 years of experience in Highway Construction activities.

•He has worked in various Highway Construction projects with MORTH & Specifications. Worked in Uttar Pradesh State Highway and Four-laning project of Muradabad-Bareilly (NH-24) in the state of Uttar Pradesh funded by National Highway Authority of India.

•He has ability to control highway construction & supervision site independently.

•Being worked in as a ‘ Assistant Site Engineer' in a Construction Company, he has done Quantity Survey, Quality Control/Quality Assurance of his projects.

•Has prepared the cross-section of highway pavements and check the same at site during execution and accordingly incorporated in the bill.

•He has experience in execution and monitoring of physical works like Earthwork in cutting & filling, Sub grade, GSB, WMM, Bituminous works.

•He has experience in PSC Girder (Profile & Reinfocement, Stressing, Grouting & Launching of Girder).

Experience Details in Chronological Order:

Period : From June 2017 to Till Date

Employer : Essel Infraprojects Ltd.

Project : Development 6 Lane Kundli Maneshar Project Expressway in
State of Haryana India on BOT Basis
Position : Senior Executive Highway
Key Responsibilities : Monitoring, directing and supervising the highway construction
activities like Earthwork, GSB, WMM, Bituminous work and other
ancillary works related to Highway. Quantity surveying, Preparation
of Work Program. Calculating & checking of quantity of various
layers in highway pavement construction, preparing cross-section
of the activities, calculation of finished formation levels of road
alignment as per horizontal & vertical profile. Checking and
evaluation of RA Bills, Liaising with the contractor and suppliers.

Period : From June 2016 to May 2017

Employer : Sobti Infratech Ltd

Project : Costruction of Widening and Strengthening For Two Laning To
Four Laning Bilraya to Panwari Marg SH21 From km 26.000 to
km 75.000 in the state of uttar pardesh P.W.D
( Contact No. PWD Sitapur and Lakhimpur Kheri )

Position : Senior Highway Engineer

Key Responsibilities : Monitoring, directing and supervising the highway construction
activities like Earthwork, GSB, WMM, Bituminous work and other ancillary works related to Highway. Quantity surveying, Preparation of Work Program. Calculating & checking of quantity of various layers in highway pavement construction, preparing cross-section of the activities, calculation of finished formation levels of road alignment as per horizontal & vertical profile. Checking and evaluation of RA Bills, Liaising with the contractor and suppliers.

Period : From january 2014 to May 2016

Employer : G S Express Pvt Ltd

Project : Costruction of Widening and Strengthening Kasta To
Maigalganj in Road Section in (SH) Chainage km 28.000 to
km 50.000 . ( Contact No. PWD Lakhimpur Kheri )

Position : Highway Engineer

Key Responsibilities : Monitoring, directing and supervising the highway construction
activities like Earthwork, GSB, WMM, Bituminous work and other ancillary works related to Highway. Quantity surveying, Preparation of Work Program. Calculating & checking of quantity of various layers in highway pavement construction, preparing cross-section of the activities, calculation of finished formation levels of road alignment as per horizontal & vertical profile. Checking and evaluation of RA Bills, Liaising with the contractor and suppliers.
Period : From June 2013 to December 2014

Employer : Kanishka costruction pvt ltd

Project : Costruction of Widening and Strengthening Sitapur - Bahraich in Road Section in (SH-30B) Chainage km 38.400 to km 93.400 And Windening &strengthening Kheri Laghucha Road For Rajapur Industrial Area Section in Chainage km 04/000 to km 19/000.
( Contact No. PWD kheri, Contact No. PWD Sitapur )

Position : Assistant Highway Engineer

Key Responsibilities : Monitoring, directing and supervising the highway construction
activities like Earthwork, GSB, WMM, Bituminous work and other ancillary works related to Highway. Quantity surveying, Preparation of Work Program. Calculating & checking of quantity of various layers in highway pavement construction, preparing cross-section of the activities, calculation of finished formation levels of road alignment as per horizontal & vertical profile. Checking and evaluation of RA Bills, Liaising with the contractor and suppliers.

Period : From June 2011 to May 2013

Employer : Ramky Infrastructure Private Limited

Project : Rehabilitation and Upgrading from Km 120.00 to Km 200.00
4 lane divided carriageway of Muradabad-Bareilly section of
NH-24 configuration of North-South corridor in the state of
Uttar Pradesh .

Position : Assistant Highway Engineer

Key Responsibilities : Monitoring, directing and supervising the highway construction
activities like Earthwork, GSB, WMM, Bituminous work and other ancillary works related to Highway. Quantity surveying, Preparation of Work Program. Calculating & checking of quantity of various layers in highway pavement construction, preparing cross-section of the activities, calculation of finished formation levels of road alignment as per horizontal & vertical profile. Checking and evaluation of RA Bills, Liaising with the contractor and suppliers.

Language Known : English, Hindi,
Expected Salary : Negotiable.

Personal Details:

Permanent Address : Subhash chandra Verma
Lidhi Market Ramnagar Road Aonla
Disst. Bareilly Uttar Pradesh (243301).
Address of
Communication : Subhash Chandra Verma
Lodhi Market Ramnagar Road Aonla
Disst- Bareilly Uttar Pradesh (243301)
Mob. No.: - 094********

Declaration : I, hereby declare that above data truly describe me and my
qualifications and Experience.

Signature
Name: Subhash Chandra Verma

Contact this candidate
