
B. BALU

adajj1@r.postjobfree.com

Contact No:-

+91-861*******
956-***-****

Permanent Address:-

School street
Kamarajapuram (Vill)
Kothamangalam (Post)
Virinjipuram (Via)
Vellore D.T,
Katpadi T.K,
Tamil Nadu- 632104,
India.

Present Address:-

Ragavan street,
Muniyappa street,
Siruvallur, Perambur,
Chennai-.11

Personal Data:-

Date of Birth: 10/06/1993
Father Name: Bhaskaran
Sex : Male
Nationality : Indian
Marital Status: Single
Languages Known:
English, Tamil
Objective

Seeking a challenging position involving analysis, design, development and implementation of Software and hardware project in an environment, where I can grow along with the organization with great responsibility.

Educational Qualification

M.sc (Computer Science) from Muthurangam Govt Arts College, Vellore in the year 2015 with 76%.

B.sc (Computer Science) from Muthurangam Govt Arts college, Vellore in the year 2013 with 66%.

HSC from Govt. Hr. Sec. School, Pillandhipattu in the year 2010 with 55%.

SSLC from Govt. Hr. Sec. School, Pillandhipattu in the year 2008 with 52.6%.

Software Proficiency

Operating Systems : Windows server,Xp,7, 8.
Languages : Html, Hardware and Networking.,
Web Technologies : HTML and FrontPage.
Packages : MS Office 2007.

Area of Interest

Web Technology
Photoshop
Adobe illustrator cs5

Project Details

M.sc Project: -

Title: PSMPA: Patient Self-controllable and Multi-level Privacy-preserving Authentication in Healthcare System.

Description: Distributed m-healthcare system significantly facilitates efficient patient treatment for medical consultation by sharing personal health information among healthcare providers. However, it brings about the challenge of keeping both the data confidentiality and patients’ identity privacy simultaneously. Many existing access control and anonymous authentication schemes cannot be straight forwardly exploited.

S/W Tool: Php with Mysql, xampp, Apache Server.

B.sc Project: -

Title: A New Algorithm for Inferring User Search Goals with Feedback Sessions.

Description: An ambiguous query, different users may have different search goals when they submit it to a search engine. The inference and analysis of user search goals can be very useful in improving search engine relevance and user experience. In this project we developed a novel approach to infer user search goals by analyzing search engine query logs. First, we construct a framework to discover different user search goals for a query by clustering the proposed feedback sessions.
Tools: Java, Net and SQL Server 2005.

Strengths
Ability to Learn Quickly
Good Team Player
Work Experience
1.I have 1 year working experience in FinoPayTech Limited., the background process of DBS (Development Bank of Singapore - Account opening and verification process) from April 2016 to August 2017
2.I have 1 year working experience in Shri Gowri Shangar Hotels, Hosur and I had done as Receptionist and cashier on September 2017 to October 2018

Declaration
I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars.

Place: Chennai yours sincerely,
Date:
(BALU B)

Contact this candidate
