
Asako Tomita Murakami, PMP
734-***-**** ac842p@r.postjobfree.com Birmingham, MI https://www.linkedin.com/in/asako-murakami-pmp-956a4417b/

SENIOR PROGRAM MANAGER
20+ Years of Expertise in Automotive & IT Program Management
Flexible and energetic leader with PMP certification and a strong background in Automotive program management and IT project management. Proven record of success in driving key initiatives from planning through implementation, achieving positive and measurable organizational impact. Combines analytical knowledge, leadership abilities, and relationship building skills to engage stakeholders at all levels and enable data-driven decision-making. Excels at defining and executing an overall program concept and direction as well as identifying areas of improvement to ensure high-level efficiency and performance. Communicates seamlessly across all areas of the company. Fluent in Japanese and English.
Core Strengths
Automotive Program Management Strategic Vision, Planning & Execution Leadership
Global Cross-Functional Team Development Key Account Development
Complex Problem Solving Client management Budget management and cost containment
Effective in Leading Change Excels in People Management Quality Assurance
Effective Communicator Resource management & Mentor Risk Assessment PMP Bilingual: English/Japanese

Professional Experience
INTERNATIONAL AUTOMOTIVE COMPONENTS
A leading global supplier of automotive interior components.
Program Manager / Business Manager (Southfield, MI / May 2011- Nov 2018)
Responsible for leading global cross functional teams, creating and managing timelines, coordinating Engineering, Sales, Production, Tooling, Quality & Finance to achieve program functional and financial goals.
Established program finance and budgeting for program expense and capital equipment expenditures and created business cases that facilitated over $16 million in expense and $7 million for capital approved board funding across multiple programs.
Successfully led 7 unique program launches for Nissan by organizing 10 plants globally.
Ensured excellence in client satisfaction through collaboration with key stakeholders and program team members to ensure on-time achievement of all project deliverables.
Led, trained, and mentored high-performing, cross-functional, international project teams through effective communication, goal-setting, management, and problem-solving.
Implemented successful Quality Assurance practices through root-cause analysis to identify issues and formulate corrective actions.
Played dual roles as business manager by managing account worth $40 million in annual sales.

PRESTIGE ENGINEERING contracted to INTERNATIONAL AUTOMOTIVE COMPONENTS (IAC)
Design & Program Liaison (Dearborn, MI / Oct 2008-May 2011)
Strengthened business relationships and ensured successful program delivery as liaison between internal teams, suppliers, and automotive OEMs.
Bridged gaps in culture and language through effective team building and communication management.
Provided CATIA technical support in alignment with Toyota best practices and procedures.

TOYOTA TSUSHO AMERICA, INC.
System Engineer and IT Project Manager (Ann Arbor, MI / Oct 2002- May 2008)
Supervised, managed, and led the IT Enterprise Support Team activities including network system design and implementation, system administration and desktop support, software development, upgrades, and security monitoring for 150 Toyota group company users. Ensured smooth transition of technical advancements and consistent business continuity.
Researched client needs in creation and implementation of a proficient security roadmap that encompassed security risk assessment, provided network security recommendations, data access control limits, physical and operational security, business continuity, and disaster recovery planning to achieve compliance with Toyota security policy across 150 users and four remote offices.
Developed business plans to strengthen customer satisfaction and generated new revenue opportunities.
Established superior training protocols designed to increase customer satisfaction with project requirements.
Directed ten-member international team in Radio Frequency Scanning Project which successfully detected, wiretapping, eavesdropping, and bugging of company data for over 500 employees. Excellent program management guided positive completion of all project initiatives including budgets and schedules.
Performed as the project manager in the establishment of a secure network printer system. Applied analytical research which ensured printer project was fully compliant with Toyota policies, and reduced costs by limiting access for print/copy/scan/fax activities through efficient access control policies.
Identified need for improved technical support of the CATIA system in Toyota Technical Center. Produced a cost-effective plan which included formation and training of a highly specialized cross-functional team in Thailand. Coordinated the efforts of multi-national teams and ensured achievement of highest Toyota Standards.
BEACHHEAD INC.
Application Developer (Novi, MI / Sep 1998- Oct 2002)
Originated and implemented innovative IT systems, which coordinated the efforts in Japanese headquarters and local teams, in fulfillment of IT support for hardware, software, and network implementation and modifications.
Acted as a technical consultant, analyzed activity logs and initiated preventative and long term solutions to network and database concerns through complex problem solving and effective troubleshooting.

Education & Certifications
Bachelor of Arts in Economics –University of Wisconsin-Madison
CATIA V5R16 Surface Design Certified Professional
Program Management Professional (PMP)

Technical Capabilities
CATIA V5R16, Visual Basic, VBScript, JavaScript, HTML, ASP and MS Access, API,
Btrieve Engine, Peach Tree Accounting, Citrix Server.

Contact this candidate
