
Personal Information

Name: SHANU S THOMAS

Date of Birth: 26/12/1993

Sex: Male

Nationality: Indian

Marital Status: Single

Contact Number:
Mob :+973-********
+91-963*******

E-Mail:
adae8o@r.postjobfree.com

LinkedInID: www.linkedin.com/in/shanu-s-thomas-01358811b

Address:
Edayathu Puthen Veedu
Kadappa,
Mynagappally PO,
Kollam(Dist.) Kerala,
Pin 690519

Religion:
Christian, Marthomite

Languages Known:
English, Hindi,Malayalam & Tamil
PROJECT ENGINEER

PROFILE

To be an enthusiastic and energetic professional eager to take up challenging roles as Project Engineer with Five (5) years relevant experience in the field of project management, project execution, operations & project co-ordination roles.
STRENGTHS

Knowledge in construction drawings, site erection and shop fabrication activities.
Excellent skill in completing tasks within specified time.
Leadership skills.
Confidence.
To achieve the goals through patience, consistency hard work & honesty.

EDUCATIONAL PROFILE

Qualification
Institution
Board / University
Year of Passing
Score
(Percentage/CGPA)
Bachelor of Technology
(Mechanical Engineering)
Hindustan College of Engineering, Kollam
University of Kerala
2015

7 GPA
12th Board
Boys Higher Secondary School,
Karunagappally
Government of Kerala
2011

88%
10th Board
BISHOP M M C S P M H S,
Sasthamcotta,
Kerala
Government of Kerala
2009

96%

CERTIFICATIONS

Certification

SPECIFICATION

INSTITUTION

American Society of
Mechanical Engineers
( ASME )

Piping and
Pipeline engineering

Welding inspection

NIPGAS Institute of Petroleum
and Gas, Kerala, India

MAJOR PROJECT INVOLVED

PERFORMANCE STUDY OF GAS TURBINE TO IMPROVE EFFICIENCY
Description: Studied the performance of Gas Turbine and analyzed different ways to improve its efficiency. Found that inlet air cooling gives better improvement in efficiency and Absorption chillers are the best method. Absorption chiller is designed and suggested to National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC), Kayamkulam, Kerala which is one of the leading Thermal Power plant in India.
RESPONSIBILITIES

Participation in meetings and discussions with clients and contractors regarding all technical, commercial, logistics, procurement and quality issues.
Ensuring proper coordination between various inter-departments for smooth execution of project.
Contributes to team effort and leadership skills also, thereby accomplishing related results as needed.
Expedite the progress and concerns throughout the development of project.
Interacting daily with the clients to interpret their needs and requirements and representing them in the field
Interface with clients & sub-contractors, contractual administration and subcontract governance, preparation of method of statement and risk assessments.
Prepare detail quotation specifying scope of works, completion period, payment terms etc.
Maintain project schedule by monitoring project progress, coordinating activities and resolving problems.
Ensure and providing proper guidance in shop fabrication and site erection activities.

WORK EXPERIENCE

1.

Contractor : Ramsis Engineering WLL
Location : Askar, Bahrain
Position : Project Engineer
Duration : December 2017 – Till date
Description : Ramsis Engineering is a leading mechanical engineering company in the Kingdom of Bahrain providing EPC, Construction, Manufacturing and Maintenance services to Oil & Gas industries in GCC.

Project
Client
Duration
Alba line 6 expansion project (Piping prefabrication and erection)
Gama power System(End user: ALBA)
December 2017 - January 2019
Alba line 6 expansion project (Modular pipe racks fabrication and erection)
Gama power System(End user: ALBA)
December 2017 - January 2019
Alba line 6 expansion project (Fabrication and erection of structures : 300 Tons)
Gama power System(End user: ALBA)
December 2017 - January 2019
Repair and modification works on air receiver
Arab ship building company
January 2019 - February 2019
Clad vessel manufacturing
BAPCO
January 2019 - March 2019
Re-tubing and maintenance
Tatweer Petroleum
January 2019 - July 2019
Shutdown
Bahrain Steel
June 2019 - July 2019
Shutdown
Bahrain LNG
August 2019
Feed bottom exchanger clad shells manufacturing
BAPCO
June 2019- Ongoing

2.

Contractor : Shubh Enterprises
Location : Mumbai, India
Position : Piping Project Engineer
Duration : July 2015- November 2017
Description : Shubh Enterprises is a mechanical engineering company in India specialized in Construction, Manufacturing and Maintenance services to Oil & Gas industries

Project
Client
Duration
1-Hexene Project
Reliance Industries Limited
July 2015 – November 2017
Shutdown( Tray removal and installation in columns)
Reliance Industries Limited
June 2015 – July 2015

SOFTWARE SKILLS

Microsoft Office (Excellent knowledge in Excel, Word, PowerPoint)
AutoCAD 2D&3D
ANSYS 12.0
PASSPORT DETAILS
Passport Number : M9588220
Date of issue : 01/06/2015
Date of expiry : 31/05/2025
Place of issue : TRIVANDRUM
DRIVING LICENSE
Valid Bahrain and Indian driving licenses.
SUMMARY
It is my wish is to lead a career that will continuously provide me opportunities to study new technologies in the field of Mechanical Engineering, which will stretch out my capabilities resulting in organizational growth and personal satisfaction. Also, I want to apply the knowledge that I have gained to improve and guide the organization in a realistic way.
REFERENCES
1)
SOUMIK CHATTOPADHYAY
Piping Engineer (HOD)
Reliance project management group,
Reliance industries limited
Nagothane, Mumbai
Contact number: +91-845*******
2)
MOHAN N NAKUM
SR. Piping Engineer
Reliance project management group,
Reliance industries limited
Nagothane, Mumbai
Contact number: +91-960*******

DECLARATION

I hereby declare that all the details furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge and belief

BAHRAIN SHANU S THOMAS

Contact this candidate
