
Syed Syedjamal
Sr.Desktop support Engineer
Email:adae9l@r.postjobfree.com
Ph.:860-***-****
Professional Summary:
•Dynamic and Desktop Engineer with 7 plus years of outstanding knowledge, skills and expertise, dedicated and committed to providing excellent interconnectivity and hardware and software Problem solving .
Experience in Hardware, Software, firewall technologies, system design, implementation, troubleshooting of complex system issues, wireless design, data network design, capacity management and network growth.
Setting up hardware and installing, imaging, configure software and drivers. Maintaining and repairing technology equipments and peripherals devices .
Experience in O365 Configuring, installing,and troubleshooting .
Experience in Active Directory as group management create, modify group.
Experience in Printer configurations and permission to new user.
Experienced as Support engineer with proficiency in installing, upgrading, troubleshooting, configuring, and supporting variety of Network & Security Devices.
Experienced Hardware engineer with advanced knowledge of Chip level Service,pc Peripherals Replacement.
In-depth knowledge of Major Problem Sloving and protocols, security vulnerabilities, network security, and application security.
Experience with, LAN & WAN management.
Knowledge of implementing and Configuring New Pc and Network Designs .
Experience in designing and deploying enterprise network security .
Experience in Windows Desktop, Antivirus Removal, Security Backup, Monitoring.
Experience in Skilled Infrastructure and implementing new Technology’s.
Experiences in problem sloving by onsite as well remote side and also call supports.
Experienced in the evaluation, testing, configuration and implementations.
Experience in SCCM Push Software to user machine.
Very quick Learning skill of new technologies and tools..
Good knowledge in Network function virtualization.
Knowledge & experience in network protocols & packet analysis.
Extensive understanding of networking concepts, (IE. Configuration of networks, router configuration and wireless security, TCP/IP, VPN, Content Filtering, VLANs, and routing in LAN/WAN, Ethernet Port, Patch Panel and wireless networks.
Strong Knowledge of hardware, Applications software support, LAN, WAN and Operating Systems.
Ability to work in a team Environments.

Academic Details:
Bachelor of information tech (Bsc IT) at Allagappa university.
Diploma in computer science and engineering.

Certifications:

Diploma In Hardware And Networking.
Diploma In Computer Application
Programming In c, c++.

Experience:

Cognizant, NJ June 2019 –Till
Role: Desktop /IT support Engineer
Responsibilities:

Using Service now to creating the user information .
Connecting VPN through Cisco VPN Service different region.
Skype business to communicate and remote access.
Using Bomgar to access user machine by remote with elevating privilege access.
Duo mobile application to push security access and activate and deactive the mobile
Security access,Enroll new mobile devices and numbers.
Airwatch to Push software and Wipe for mobile devices as Iphone, Andriod, Ipod,
Wipe all use clean up mobile data’s enrolled with Airwatch.
Citirix Director reset and adding the new path.
O365 Update,Online repair, Quick repair, cloud access, WebEx meeting setup, calendar . Policy updates.
Shared mailbox configuration.
Win7/ 10 Update .
SCCM to push software to the user machine using computer name and user id.
Configuring O365 outlook, PowerPoint, Excel, word and troubleshoot.
Hardware fix like screen replacement, HDD,Ram update .
Walk through on Remote with user to new accounts setup.
Avaya Software install to communicate through Desk phone application via PC.
Audio, video support through remote.
Using software center to distributing the software with high secure.

Norfolk Southern, NJ May 2017 –Aril 2019
Role: Desktop Support Engineer
Responsibilities:

Implementation, Configuration and Support of Hardware, Software and Applications.
Installing and upgrading computer hardware and all peripherals.
Solving Major and minor issues from client side by onsite or by remote.
Permission setup for new user as account setup.
Implementing applications and security setup.
Technical issues support user through remote .
Installing new applications and software with granting admin permission.
Solving LAN Connectivity issues and no connectivity issues.
Backup the data’s and upgrading operating systems.
Setup multiple user and group accounts.
Active directory group management create, modify and contact import.
Add and remove bulk user accounts and maintain.
Network Printer configurations.
Configuring Network devices such as Router, switches.
Provide Av (Audio &video) support for office meetings and conferences, activities .
Troubleshooting on any issues on Av related devices.
Configure and do support for mobile devices like tablets, I phone’s etc.
Troubleshooting on laptop/desktop/printer/routers/switches/mobile devices, Av devices and configure any new device arrived

Com Tech Telecommunications, Seattle, WA. Sep2016 – Mar2017
Role: Desktop Service Engineer
Responsibilities:

•Assisted in troubleshooting LAN connectivity and hardware issues in the network of 500 hosts.
Performed client requirements to provide solutions for network design, configuration, administration, and security.
Involved in troubleshooting IP addressing issues and Updating IOS images using TFTP.
Created a backup and recovery policy for software application and verified peripherals are working properly.
Monitor performance of PC’s and servers to identify potential problems and bottleneck.
Troubleshoot problems day to day basis & provide solutions that would fix the problems.
Configure New Setup and designing.
Solving issues on Both computer’s and Laptop’s replacing hardware devices also problem solving any technical issues.
Manage operational monitoring of equipment capacity/utilization and evaluate the need for upgrades; develop methods for gathering data needed to monitor hardware, software, and communications network performance.
Onsite support and call support on phone.
Operating system installing such as windows 7/8/10.

Client:Nokia, India 2012 Nov –Feb2016
Role: Network Engineer
Responsibilities:
Providing computer hardware /software support and working individuals across the community.
Proactively resolve customer problem with about equipment and service.
Deliver just-in time support both help desk and across the campus respond to the departmental technical emergencies in order to minimize data loss meet deadline and support need for user.
Responding to request for technical assistance via phone or email and remotely.
Continually update personal knowledge of computing hardware, OS and software.
Troubleshoot various technical issues dealing with printer, network and phone system.
Successfully administered user account, outlook configuration, troubleshoot on outlook.
Work on Operating system windows7/8.
Participated in on call support in troubleshooting the configuration and installation issues.
New pc Assembling,computer peripherals replacing.
Provided Technical support in terms of upgrading, improving and expanding the network.

Contact this candidate
