
RESUME

Mobile. No: 093********
MANU KUMAR D.M B. E, M Tech E-mail: adae7k@r.postjobfree.com

Career Objective:
Aiming to be associated with a progressive organization and be a part of dynamic team, which works for the growth of the organization.

Educational Qualification:
B.E & M.Tech in Mechanical ENGINEEING, specialization in THERMAL POWER ENGINEERING, From VISVESVARAYA TECHNOLOGICAL UNIVERSITY, REGIONAL CENTER, MSORE, Karnataka, and secured 70 %.

Job Experience: Total Experience 5 years
Presently working with Total Maintenance Solutions, authorized by SKF -LINCOLN, as Techno-sales ENGINEER - Mechanical.

Present Profile:
Designation: Techno-Sales Engineer - Mechanical
Role: Techno-Sales & commercial support.
Company: Total Maintenance solutions, Authorized by SKF - Lincoln
Place: Chennai.

Previous Profile:
Designation: Asst. Professor, Mechanical
Coordinator: PMKVY, NBA, Project coordinator & Exam coordinator,
College: G. Madegowda Institute of Technology (GMIT)
Place: Bharathinagara, Maddur taluk, Mandya district. 571422.

Job Responsibilities:

Searching for new leads maximizing client potential in designated regions.
Developing long-term relationships with customers through managing & interpreting their requirements.
Working in the customer satisfaction in term of technical needs, Quality, price and delivery.
Making technical presentations and demonstrating how a product meets the customer needs.
Product Technical discussion (Working principles, benefits, area of Applications )& clarification if any with customers.
Preparing reports for management.
Calculating customer quotations and administering accounts.
Providing pre-sales technical assistance, product education and supporting after sales team.
Meeting regular sales targets & coordinating sales projects.
Supporting marketing activities by attending shows, conferences and other marking events.
Helping in the design of custom-made products.
Analyzing costs and sales.
Negotiating tender and contract terms & conditions to meet both customer and company needs.
Liaising with other members of the sales team and other technical & commercial experts.

Computer awareness:
MS – OFFICE, Excel And MS Project 2003.
Operating systems: Windows XP, Vista.
Technical software’s of AUTO CADD, ANSYS, SOLID EDGE.

Trainings Attended:
‘National training center for Solar technology’, conducted by KPCL collaboration with MNRE, Title is ‘Solar PV grid connected power plant’.at 2014.
‘Heat transfer and its applications’ conducted by Canara Engineering college, Mangalore.
‘Heat Transfer and its industrial applications’ conducted by Vidya Vardhaka Engineering college. Mysore.
‘Pradana Manthri Kovsalya Vikasa Yojana [PMKVY]’.
‘Business Development Program’ conducted by GMIT.

Achievements:
Presented Technical Papers in many National level Technical symposiums.
Awarded at National level for Technical Paper presentations on Liquefied Petroleum Gas (LPG) as a Secondary fuel in 4 stroke SI engine.

Technical paper publishes:
Liquefied Petroleum Gas (LPG) as a Secondary Fuel in 4-Stroke SI Engine. Jul 15, 2018.
"Performance and Evolution of Grid Connected to 5MW Solar Photovoltaic Plant in shivanasamudra", International Journal of Research in Advent Technology, Vol. 3, No. 1, June 2015. Number of cited is 05.

Personal Profile:
Name : Manu Kumar D.M
Father Name : Mariswamy D.N
Date of Birth : 05-12-1988
Marital status : Single
Nationality : Indian
Languages : English, Kannada, Tamil & Hindi
Permanent Address : S/O Mariswamy D.N,
Dugganahalli (V & P),
Malavalli (T), Mandya (Dist)
Karnataka Pin Code-571430.
Ph no: 093********

Projects Involvement in:
Liquefied Petroleum Gas (LPG) as a Secondary fuel in 4 stroke SI engine.
The current scenario of petroleum products is too low and it may be exhausted within few years, after that we cannot thrown petrol vehicles to scrap, instead of petrol we can utilise the LPG as a fuel and we will get maximum benefits like good mileage, eco-friendly, cost reduction by small changing in the engine alteration by minimum investments.
The overall conclusion is, good mileage. Pollution reduction, and minimum investments and engine condition is good and proved by maintaining the related documents.

Generation of electricity from solar thermal copper tube water heater.
In solar water heater system, the generated hot water is stored in the insulated tank of temperature nearly 90 degrees, but for human comfortness and domestic application purpose we can utilise the hot water up to 50 degrees, remaining high temperature of water is stored in the tank means lot of drawbacks occurring. To avoids all these problems by using thermoelectric modules which converts the hot energy into electric pulses, and it can be stored and utilise for lightning purposes.

Production of Biodiesel from rice bran seeds.
The cultivated paddy can be utilised for the production of biodiesel by involving number of stages of breakdown of molecules and removing of acids and neutralise through which obtaining the various biproducts and finally we can obtain the biodiesel and it was utilised for various ratios and conducted each ratio experimented.
finally, due to experimental investigation rice bran biodiesel oil is utilised for domestic vehicles by small alteration in the engines.

Performance and evolution of grid connected to 5MW solar plant in Shivanasamudra.
The solar Photovoltaic 5 MW plant was installed in the Shivanasamudra by BHEL under Karnataka power corporation limited. The acquired land was 25 acres and investment is 75 crores.
Under the guidance of Dr. Nagana gowda, Director, National Training Center for Solar Technology. By using SCADA software collected each day data up to six months, and find out the performance of solar plant. The overall conclusion of plant is working satisfactorily and suggests some of the methods to improve the plant efficiency.

Declaration: I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true and correct to the best of my knowledge.

Place: Mysore MANU KUMAR D M
Date: 30/08/2019

Contact this candidate
