
Page * of *
BEVERLY S. DUZON
Najma Doha, Qatar
Contact #: 7021 5705
Email: adae81@r.postjobfree.com
PROFILE
Seventeen (17) years of professional experience
Strong organizational and detail orientation skills.
Excellent English verbal and written communication skills.
High degree of multi-tasking and time management capability
Superior customer service oriented
PROFESSIONAL
EXPERIENCE:
BANK OF COMMERCE (Affiliate of San Miguel Corporation) San Fernando La Union, Philippines
Junior Accountant (Teller) November 2009 – June 2019
Responsible in maintaining accurate, complete and reliable accounting information of the bank complying with the existing bank’s policy
Responsible for monthly financial reports
Coordinates and implements accounting work and projects assigned
Generates and monitor Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable, Journal Entries and closure of accounts.
Analyze different general ledger accounts regularly.
Prepare salary payroll including deductions, reimbursements and accruals.
Maintain various payroll records, payroll journals and ledgers.
Handles customer financial transactions like receiving cash and cheque deposits, withdrawals, cheque encashment, pay-out of remittance, cash advances, expense vouchers and money exchange
Prepares teller’s report and audit all transaction media at the end of the day
Ensure daily cash collection is reconciled with system generated report
Pick-up cash, and cheque deposits from business offices of valued clients
Performs multi-task jobs like loading cash on ATM, prepares ATM report after loading, new accounts opening, transfer remittances abroad, prepares vouchers and manager’s cheque for bank’s operating expense, prepares and process inward and outward cheques via Electronic Clearing System (ECS).
Having integrity, self-managed with keen with a keen eye for detail, and possess excellent people relationship skills, and awareness of risk management concept and practices.
Specialist in making judgments and follow through initiatives with excellent problem- solving, decision-making skills.
Equip with high standards of oral, and written communication skills in English.
Perform other duties related to the position as directed by the Supervisor. Page 2 of 3
AVP Secretary of Area Branches April 2006 – November 2009
Assist the Area Head in day to day activities.
Perform clerical and administrative duties such as typing, filing, answering and screening calls, preparing reports, memos, and letters, coordination with other departments and scheduling.
Prepares, and coordinate meetings and take meeting minutes.
Organize and schedule appointments
Maintains appropriate filing system and contact list
Monitor the Area expenses, contracts and reimbursement of Managers
Assist the Area Head in preparing the annual budget for every branch
Responsible for the preparation of regularly scheduled reports
Handles performance evaluation for new staff as well as employee annual evaluation.
Assist colleagues, and branch officers by supporting them with planning, and distribution of information like letters, policy memos, faxes and forms.
Ensures that all reports and information the branches, and Head office department needs are provided, and accounted in a timely manner
FTC leasing and Finance Corporation
San Fernando City, La Union Philippines
Accounting Assistant July 2002 - March 2006
Coordinates and implements accounting work and projects as assigned.
Coordinates, implements and follows up on Accounting SOP audits for all areas of the property.
Ensures all payments are processed in compliance with internal policies, procedures and approvals.
Participate in audit activities and comply with auditors request during audit.
Analyzes information and evaluates results to choose the best solution and solve problems.
Compiles, codes, categorizes, calculates, tabulates, audits, or verifies information or data.
Demonstrates knowledge of job-relevant issues, products, systems, and processes.
Demonstrates knowledge of return check procedures.
Demonstrates knowledge and proficiency with write off procedures.
Reconcile daily cash collection.
Uses computers and computer systems (including hardware and software) to program, write software, set up functions, enter data, or process information. Page 3 of 3
Demonstrates personal integrity.
Ensures proper reconciliation, review and correct accounting.
Responsible with the monthly accounting of invoices, accruals, provisions, and payments
Manages time well and possesses strong organizational skills.
Presents ideas, expectations and information in a concise well organized way. Completed Workshops:
Counterfeit Money Detection Workshop March 20, 2010 Service Superiority Workshop May 25, 2016
AML-Compliance Roadshow July 14, 2018
Computer Literate: (Peachtree, WPS, MS Word, Excel, Publisher, Outlook, Power Point, Access, Internet, Adobe, Photoshop)
EDUCATION: Don Mariano Marcos Memorial State University San Fernando City, La Union Philippines
DEGREE: Bachelor of Science in Management
Award Received: Young Business Achiever of the Year Lighthouse Integrated Institute-Qatar
Graduate with Certification in MANAGERIAL ACCOUNTING Reference:
Engr. Eduardo G. Duzon Jr.
Senior Project Engineer
Acciona Agua Qatar
Umm Al Houl Power IWPP Project
009**-****-****

Contact this candidate
