
SRIKANTHA SOMASHEKAR REDDY
+1-781-***-**** adae95@r.postjobfree.com USA,Massachusetts 02188
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Summary of Professional Experience: Energetic Project Leader with about 12+ year background in Mainframe Development and project leadership. Talented in coordinating internal resources for the flawless execution of detailed projects. Adept in monitoring performance by utilizing appropriate tools and techniques.

Highly trained individual knowledgeable in Mainframe Modernization technologies and considered a talented leader.
SKILLS
Coding and modularization
Project documentation
Excellent communication skills
Troubleshooting
Certified Scrum Master
Mainframe Digitization
Mainframe DevOps - Automation
Changeman, IBM Relational Team Concert, XML, SOA, Webservices
Languages: COBOL, JCL, DB2, CICS, REXX, PL/I, Python
Databases: VSAM, IBM DB2, MySQL
SDLCs: Agile, Waterfall
Modernization Tools: Jenkins, Ansible, Dockers, AWS

SIGNIFICANT ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Completed all projects successfully with no post install issues.
Got experience in working on both Agile and Waterfall model SDLCs.
Saved manual efforts by automating manual tasks using REXX and Python.
Completed POCs using python, AWS, Jenkins and Dockers part of topcoder within Wipro.
Digitized mainframe CICS screens into Python, Django and MySQL and improved customer experience and saved Mainframe CPU cost.
Improved fund processing timelines using CICS, COBOL, DB2 and MQ and created on demand and asynchronous job submission.
Implemented DevOps in mainframe world using Rexx and Cobol by automating manual activities.
Worked as freelancer and completed Data processing assignments using Python modules.
As part of technology transformation, gained proficiency in Python, Selenium and DevOPS tools.

WORK HISTORY
Oct 2011 - Current
Quincy, MA
Module Lead / Wipro Technologies
For the client State street Corporation:

Trained junior members of IT team regarding development cycle and application that we develop & maintain.
Developed software functionalities, using COBOL, PL/1, DB2, CICS and JCL.
Established compatibility with third party software products by developing program for modification and integration.
Collaborated with clients to gather requirements and verify the test results.
Analyzed and designed solutions for system bugs in MCH application using COBOL, PL/1.
Improved the fund processing timelines by developing solutions using MQ, COBOL, CICS, DB2 and JCL to create on demand jobs.
Created asynchronous job submission process using CICS, MQ and JCL.
Saved business SLA and Mainframe processing cost by optimizing the trade enrichment process by redesigning the existing system using COBOL, PL1, CICS and DB2.
Implemented technical feasibility solutions using COBOL and MQ for new functional designs and suggested options for performance improvement of technical objects.
Digitized mainframe CICS screens using Python, Django and MySQL.
Created Stored procedure to replace manual activities using Java based web applications.
Created CICS screens using CICS, COBOL, PL1 and DB2.
Provided continued maintenance and development of bug fixes and patch sets for existing mainframe-based applications.
Independently designed and executed projects to implement the customer requirements effectively using COBOL, PL1 and DB2.
Created webservices using CICS, COBOL, XML and DB2
Developed work-flow charts and diagrams to ensure production team compliance with client deadlines.
Designed strategic plan for component development practices to reduce production issues and to automate manual tasks, eventually saved business cost.
Automated manual activities using REXX, and Python.
Jun 2008 - Oct 2011
Bengaluru, KA
Senior Software Engineer / Attra
For the client GE Capital on VisionPlus application

Created new programs to facilitate system migration.
Enhancing VisionPlus applications such as CMS, and FAS.
Worked closely with customers to efficiently convert requirements into bug free software.
Updated and fixed existing software and system applications.
Improved system performance by making proactive adjustments and resolving bugs.
Estimated work hours and tracked progress using TDD methodology.
Created proofs of concept for innovative new solutions.
Worked closely with other departmental peers to develop high availability solutions for mission-critical applications.
Worked with project managers, developers, quality assurance and customers to resolve technical issues.
Wrote test cases so that the application could be tested in a legitimate environment.
Reviewed code and corrected errors.
Consistently met deadlines and requirements for all production work orders.
Jun 2007 - Jun 2008
Bangalore, India, India
Technical Support Representative / Greet Technologies Pvt Limited
Enthusiastically participated in job related training.
Resolved customer issues in a clear, courteous and straightforward manner.
Reviewed technical documentation and procedures.
Worked closely with team members to meet or exceed all customer service requirements.
Led internal product training for Tally Shopper.
Followed up with clients to ensure optimal customer satisfaction.
Retained existing clients and developed new business by extending high quality and efficient service.
Installed software, modified and repaired hardware and resolved technical issues.
Assisted customers with order placing.
Maintained and updated customer service database.

EDUCATION
2007
India
Bachelor of Engineering in Information Technology
V.T.U University
Graduated with 65.87% in the year 2007
2003
India
10+2 in Pre-University College
PRE-University, Board of State Education, Board of Secondary School
Graduated with 73.12% during the year 2003

PERSONAL INFORMATION
Name : Srikantha Somashekar Reddy
Father's Name : Somashekar Reddy
Birth Day & Month : 31st July
Marital Status : Married
Visa : H1B
Passport Number : P4763533
Present Location : Quincy, Massachusetts

Contact this candidate
