
DENNY PHILIP GEORGE
Email id:adafzu@r.postjobfree.com
GSM - +965- 50985861
OBJECTIVE
To seek a promising opportunity that will help me learn and contribute my skills to achieve the common goal of the organization. To seek an opportunity that will help me gain knowledge and develop my personal capabilities along with professional ones, so as to become a better human being. WORK EXPERIENCE
Company : M/s. The Technical Company
(Kitchen Equipment Division – Al Qudaibi Group)
Designation : Project Engineer.
Working Since : 2015 till Now.
Projects Handled
Kuwait University – College of Engineering & Petroleum.
Sheikh Abdullah Al Salem Cultural Center.
KOC Multi-purpose hall at Hubara Center.
The National Assembly Building for the Members and the Information Centre.
NBTC Camp Kitchen
Responsibilities
Managing Projects.
Planning and scheduling of Project activities according to project requirement
Preparation and assessment of daily progress report and coordinating progress review meeting in house with clients and with sub contractors.
Material, Man power and Equipment planning for daily work activities.
Preparation and documentation of material inspection reports.
Material verification as per specifications and standards.
Preparation of work schedule and method of statement.
Managing project progress and performance.
Co ordination with installation and commissioning team
Responsible for preparing shop drawing and MEP drawings.
Responsible for all correspondence related to project.
Preparing monthly project progress report
Evaluate the performance of employees and submit reports to the management
Providing complete support to the project team
Follow up production planning for custom fabrication Mechanical QA/QC Engineer.
December ‘2011–February 2014, with Energy Savers India, Bangalore ሺAn authorized service providers for installing and maintaining reticulated LPG systems of domestic and commercial LPG.ሻ
Duties and Responsibilities:
The main responsibility is to supervise the erection and installation of all mechanical piping works in accordance with approved drawing.
Directs the Operational activities and carried out safety in accordance with established safety procedures. Executed pipelines to customer satisfaction and ensured Safety relieve Valves ሺSRVሻ and Excess flow check valves ሺEFCVሻ and additional safety valves are well installed.
Supervise and delegates the assigned manpower to my area also responsible in material inspection and welding in ASME standards
To assist pre commissioning and commissioning activities of piping systems completed include flange joint leak test, nitrogen purging etc.
Ensured that the all the tasks are followed and performed according to company policies and procedures.
August 2010 – June 2011.
Worked with Suguna Groups, Feed Mill Division as Executive Engineer Duties and Responsibilities:
Handled a team of 6 Assistants.
Scheduling the tasks for the assistants.
Ensured that the given tasks were completed at the right time.
Preparation and reservation of spares for Major machines
Arrange and keep records of major machinery overhaul and repair
Inspection of raw materials, machined parts, spares etc.
To look after day to day machining jobs
Procurement of materials etc.
Supervision of major machines pellet millሺ60 TPHሻ, hammer mill, blowers,vertical mixer, Mixer machine motors ሺAndritz feed& biofuel, Siemensሻ, Drumcleaner, Schmijt-Seeger cleaning machine
Achievement & Specialization
Aug’11- Oct’11 - American Society for Non- destructive Test (ASNT) Level II Certificate in RT )Radiographic Test)
UT (Ultrasonic Test)
MT (Magnetic Particle Test)
PT (Penetrant Test)
Certificate in Post Engineering Specialization course of Oil Field Engineering & Quality Control From Induscan Petroleum Institute with the following subjects :-.
Construction Drawings such as P & ID, Piping Isometrics, Equipment, Structural GAD.
Familiar with Material Inspection, dimensional check and documentation as per construction. Construction Materials Standards such as ASTM,ASME SA 106,SA515,SA 516,SA105,SA 312, SA 240, SA 234 etc and with ANSI standards of B 36.10, B 16.5,B 16.9 etc..
Thorough Knowledge in Welding Standards of ASME Section IX and API 1104.Familiar with Welding Procedure Qualification, Welder Qualification, and P numbers, Selection of Electrodes, Weld Visual Inspection etc.
Good Knowledge in Radiographic interpretation of weld joints, Ultrasonic Inspection, Magnetic Particle Inspection and Penetrant Test, Reporting and Documentation.
Fabrication of Piping, structure, Pressure Vessels and other Equipments, documentation of History Sheet, Test Pack Clearing etc.
Confident to handle the construction and quality control activities as specified in the drawings and applicable standards and specifications.
July’11 – Aug’11 - HVAC
Air distribution system designing, Piping and various HVAC design software from ACE HVAC Training Institute, Ernakulam Completed one month Professional HVAC Training Course which includes Heat load calculation.
KEY SKILLS, TRAITS & VALUES:
Effective technology leadership.
Easy adaptability to changing work requirements.
Detail-driven, hand-on approach with eye for innovation.
Consummate verbal, written and presentation skills.
Ability to handle stress and produce results under pressure.
Positive and relentless work ethic with focus on mission accomplishment. INDUSTRIAL TRAINING
Name of the Industry Duration Areas of Exposure
National Aluminum Company Ltd
15 days CPP Unit
PROJECT DETAILS
ENGINEERING
TITLE: Boiler Tube Failure Analysis
SUMMARY
An analysis was made on the failure and shut down of boiler cold and hot reheater tubes by chemical analysis of sediments. The mode of operation, maintenance, and feed water chemistry were also checked. It is concluded that the bad maintenance and feed water chemistry are the main causes of the failure, leading to various types of corrosion mechanisms, which are identified and discussed in this project. DIPLOMA
TITLE : Rotary Valve System
SUMMARY
A rotary valve is a type of valve in which the rotation of a passage or passages in a transverse plug regulates the flow of liquid or gas through the attached pipes. The common stopcock is the simplest form of rotary valve
ACADEMIC RECORD
COURSE
NAME OF THE INSTITUTION YEAR PASS OUT MARKS %
B TECH -MECHANICAL
ENGINEERING
DR.M.G.R.UNIVERSITY, CHENNAI, INDIA
2010 78%
Member, Indian Society of Mechanical Engineers.
PROFESSIONAL SKILLS
Completed CATIA V5 PRIMER in Dr. MGR University
Six Sigma Green Belt Training & Examination,
MSME Development Institute ሺGovt. of India –Ministry of Micro, Small & Medium Enterprisesሻ Chennai. TECHINICAL SKILLS
Software Tools: MS Office ሺWord, Excel, PowerPointሻ AUTOCAD,
PROX-E,
UNIGRAPHICS ሺNX3ሻ
Certificate of NIIT Information Technology ሺ2005 – 6 months) PERSONAL DETAILS
Date of Birth : 02-10-1984
Nationality : INDIAN
Passport No : L 1747483
Marital status: Married
Have Valid Kuwait driving license.
Languages known: English, Malayalam, Hindi, Tamil
References: Will be furnished upon request
DECLARATION
I hereby declare that all the above information given above are true and to the best of my knowledge and any references required would be promptly furnished.
DENNY PHILIP GEORGE

Contact this candidate
