
NIHARIKA Email ID:adafqb@r.postjobfree.com
Software Engineer Mobile: +91-905*******

Objective

Aim to be associated with a Progressive organization that gives me the scope to share my knowledge and skills in accordance with the latest trends and be a part of team that dynamically works towards the growth of organization and gives the satisfaction thereof.

Professional Summary

•Expertise in Python.
•Good knowledge in core JAVA.
•Good knowledge in HTML.
•Good understanding over the web and application servers like Web logic.
•Good programming, Analytical and Trouble Shooting skills.
•Good analytical abilities, quick grasping power zeal for learning new things.
•Good understanding MySQL database.
•Dynamic, highly motivated and result-oriented professional.
•Exceptional ability to learn new concepts. Hard working and enthusiastic.
•Excellent commitment, dedication and planning towards goal oriented tasks.
Education

MCA from Vikram Simhapuri University with 76%.
B.sc from SV University with 88%.

Technical Skills

Operating Systems : Windows and UNIX
J2EE Technologies : Core java, Servlets
Web Technologies : HTML, JavaScript
Frameworks : Spring, Hibernate
Database : Oracle, MySQL
IDE Tools : Eclipse, Pycharm.

ACADEMIC PROJECT UNDERTAKEN
Project Name: Securing Online Reputation System
Environment: Windows XP/7, Java/J2EE
Project Description:
Combining mobile platforms such as manned or unmanned vehicles and peer-assisted wireless communication is an enabler for a vast number of applications. Routing packets in fully connected mobile ad hoc networks (MANETs) has been studied to a great extent, but the assumption on full connectivity is generally not valid in a real system. This case means that a practical routing protocol must handle intermittent connectivity and the absence of end-to-end connections. In this system we propose a geographical routing algorithm called location-aware routing for delay-tolerant networks (LAROD), enhanced with a location service, location dissemination service (LoDiS), which together are shown to suit an intermittently connected MANET (IC-MANET).

PERSONAL DETAILS
Name : NIHARIKA.G
Date of Birth : 1ST July, 1994
Gender : Female
Nationality : Indian
Marital Status : Married
Languages : Telugu, English & Hindi
Permanent Address:
NIHARIKA.G
CINEMA HALL CENTRE,
GUDLURU (POST, MANDAL),
PRAKASAM DIST,
ANDHRA PRADESH.

NIHARIKA.G

Contact this candidate
