
PREETI THUSOO

Cell: +91-976*******; Email: adafi9@r.postjobfree.com
OBJECTIVE
To obtain a challenging position in an enterprise that will offer me an edge to work in a team and enhance my potential as an IT professional, thereby continuously growing and contributing to the main objectives of the organization as an integral part of it.

Areas of Expertise
5 Years of experience as a Production Support Software Engineer with multiple assignments, spanning complete life cycle of Software development processes including requirement analysis, development, testing and support.
One Year of experience in ServiceNow Platform as developer and L3 Support analyst.
In depth Knowledge of ITIL processes, performing, and Follow ITIL processes (Optimization of Performance and following standard practices).
Perform the Business Improvement Programs like Incident reduction, Service Request Reduction, Problem ticket closure, Continuous Improvement Programs drives (implementing Alerts/Traps/Automated Monitoring) to meet service level agreements
Experienced in interacting with clients with good written, telephonic and face-to-face communication.Leading the team during various deployment stages and releases within project. Good knowledge of Change, Release, Incident and Problem management.
Demonstrate focus and commitment to Customer Service in all aspects of daily work
EDUCATION
Degree

Branch
Institute/University
Percentage
Year Of Passing
B.E.

Computers Engineering
LDRP-ITR,Gandhinagar, Gujrat
7.48 CPI
2012
12th

PCM
JKBOSE. Board
70.5%
2007
10th

All Subject
JKBOSE Board
88.2%
2005

TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES
SKILLS
TOOLS
PL\SQL
Oracle 11g
SQL
Oracle 11g, Sybase
OPERATING SYSTEM
Windows XP / 2000,Unix,Linux
Production Support
SQL Developer, Unix shell scripting, Putty, Control M, HPSM, Service Now, BMC Discovery, ILMT, MS Visio 2010, Service Now.
CERTIFICATION
ITIL Foundation Certified.

WORK EXPERIENCE:

Technical Lead : Cognizant, India
Systems Management - John Deere (July 2017- till Date)
Working as Service Now Developer and as a part of support activity resolve incidents by provided with proper root cause investigation.
Perform day to day administration of the Service-Now tool Maintain business services and configuration item relationships in Service-Now tool.
Manages users, groups and roles and Managing client scripts, UI policies, UI actions.
Develop and manage application code, user interface, and third-party integration components
Manages data with Tables, the CMDB, Import Sets, and Update Sets.
Working as an admin for HPSM Service manager for making changes in Script Library, operator addition, modification of in progress changes.
Creates Workflow activities and approvals. Implement new workflows that use a variety of activities to understand how records are generated from workflows
Performs migration activities Dev to QA, QA to Prod and Creating Change Tasks and Change requests as per business requirement on weekly or quarterly basis.
Deployment of BMC ADDM versions to initiate network device, system and application discovery and providing periodic asset discovery reports.
Uploaded and updated ADDM TKU’s And Generate custom ADDM Tideway files as required.
Support Documentation: Creating Standard Operating Procedures for the servers maintained by our team. Publishing and updating the already existing documents as per user requests.
Creating GIF and VSD Network schematics using MS Visio tool and deploying it in the development and production environment.

Senior Systems Engineer : Cognizant, India
Prime Services - UBS (Investment Banking) - September 2015- June 2017
Weekly Incident Reporting and problem management calls
Make sure that support team is getting adequate feedback from Development and other functional support groups on the escalated issues and Workedon various Service Now tickets and Change requests.
•Worked as a trainer and L2 production support engineer.
•Review regular updates and processing of data on client servers and fix the issues.
•Troubleshoot and fix the AutoSys jobs failures and Perform health checks on critical applications.Responsible for cron job setups,XFB set up, ControlM scheduling etc.
•Check database issues by executing queries on different database tools like SQL management studio, Toad, Sybase and take appropriate actions accordingly.

Production support engineer : Tech Mahindra, India
GOLDMINE -British Telecom (BT), - September 2013 – September 2015
•E2E Understanding of the requirements of business and also identify and analyse client and customer requirements.
•Liaise with Design, Development, on accounts to diagnose, investigate and resolve production issues.Expertise in Unix and sql, Plsql. Responsible for debugging and troubleshooting of issues. .
•Responsible for cron job setups,XFB set up, ControlM scheduling etc.
•Involved actively in deployment of various releases and resolving the issues related to the delivery.
•To lead minor, major, monthly/90 Days deployment in respective areas like MAPs deployment, Job Scheduling through Control-M, deploying new interfaces.
•Monitoring of production batch cycles for different clients, good knowledge on Control M jobs.
•Making Production amendments and scheduling changes to meet the Service level agreement as documented.
Awards and Recognition:

•Received Client Appreciations for unix shell script of Disk usage in all production and development servers.
•Client Rewards for Tool Migration and Post Migration Testing.
•Praised with multiple BT reward from BT reward Central for excellence production support, maintenance and coordination during very crucial and High level escalations.
•Client Appreciation for excellent commitment, rewarded in Customer Satisfaction (CSAT) rating of the Project by British Telecom Management.
•Got SPOT award for automation in daily control UNIX script(FY2014)
•Received PAT ON THE BACK for UNIX shell scripting and debugging the weekly failures script on one of the Applications(FY2014-Q4)

PERSONAL PROFILE
Name : Preeti Thusoo
Date of Birth : 25th May 1990
Nationality : Indian
Gender : Female
Passport No : J7526154
Marital Status : Single
Languages Known : English, Hindi, Gujarati, Kashmiri.
Mobile : +91-976*******
Email Address : adafi9@r.postjobfree.com

I hereby declare that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Place: Kolkata (WB) Preeti Thusoo

Contact this candidate
