
DEEPIKA THIRUMENI
adaf8b@r.postjobfree.com 858-***-**** 10895 Camino Ruiz, Unit 59, San Diego, CA - 92126
Available Immediately. No Sponsorship Required.
SUMMARY
Software Tester and Data Analyst with 1-year experience, on implementation testing with universal remote and home automation products. Dedicated to consumer product verification and testing. Proficient with C, C++ and Python. Strong work ethic, organized, and a team player.
SKILLS
ENGINEERING TOOLS: LabVIEW, MATLAB, Xilinx, ModelSim
ASSEMBLY LANGUAGES: Assembly Language of ARM Architecture, 8051 Microcontroller
PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES: C, C++, Python, SQL

EXPERIENCE
Logitech Engineering & Designs India Private Limited, Software Test Analyst May 2015 - Apr. 2016
Efficiently validated up to 10 Philips TV models and its corresponding remote-control model with its required manual and brochures.
Mapped buttons of the customer's remote control with specific code available to the universal remote control.
Executed inter-operability tests to verify functionality of buttons on the universal remote control.
Analyzed and debugged customer issue related to unsynchronized buttons, occurring when configuring the setup.
Fixed customer issues by recoding specific buttons and promoting devices and closed tickets.
Created technical reports, technical presentations, test data summaries using Microsoft Word, PowerPoint and Excel.

EDUCATION
San Diego Continuing Education May 2019
Python Programming Certificate
Learned Python programming essentials including list, tuple, functions, modules, file objects, strings and regular expressions.
UC San Diego Extension June 2018
Professional Programming Certificate

Relevant Courses: 1. Embedded Systems 2. C/C++Programming

SKR Engineering College, Affiliated to Anna University, India Sept. 2012 - June 2014
Master of Engineering, VLSI Design CGPA: 7.75/10

Relevant Courses: 1. Advanced Microprocessors and Microcontrollers 2. Computer Architecture and Parallel Processing 3. Advanced Digital System Design

Magna College of Engineering, Affiliated to Anna University, India Sept. 2007 - Apr. 2011
Bachelor of Engineering, Electronics and Communication Engineering Percentage: 70%

Relevant Courses: 1. Computer Programming 2. Data Structures 3. Computer Architecture 4. Wireless Networks
5. Mobile Communications 6. Computer Networks 7. Microprocessor and its Applications

ACADEMIC PROJECTS
C/C++ Programming in MS Visual Studio
Designed a BankAccount class, to hold account type, owner name, account balance and account closure penalty percent.
Implemented GetInitialValues, DisplayAccountDetails and CalculatePenalty methods using C++.
Developed a DetermineElapsedTime program, that computes time elapsed between start and stop times stored in MyTime structures and stores elapsed time in MyTime structure using C++.
Embedded Applications Development using 8051 assembly in EdSim51 Simulator
Developed a Key Debounce application that mitigates the effects of Key Bouncing. Loaded the application in the simulator, and tested the application using virtual Bouncing Keypad peripheral.
Designed and implemented a Signal generator using look up table that sends waveform samples to the virtual Digital-to-Analog Converter (DAC) circuit. Verified the waveforms in virtual scope connected to DAC output of the microcontroller.
Enhanced Image Watermarking, Sands Instrumentation Pvt Ltd
Developed an enhanced watermarking algorithm to stamp an invisible watermark in a source image and extracting from a stamped image.
Implemented an algorithm using C programming language and verified by downloading and testing the software in Blackfin Microprocessor Development Board.

Contact this candidate
