
ADHUL AJITH VARUGHESE
Contact No: +918*********
Email Id: adafbb@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn: in.linkedin.com/in/adhul-ajith-varughese-14909a1b Skype Id: adhulajith
CAREER OBJECTIVE
Looking for a suitable and responsible career opportunity in an organization to expand my knowledge, learnings, skills while making a significant contribution towards the success of the company. ABOUT ME
Project Engineer
Design and Project Engineer with 6+ years of experience in Energy sector with a strong background of HV/MV/LV switchgear and project execution.
Capable of handling multiple projects at a time with minimum supervision and successful in the execution of national and international projects.
Clients projects-yusufeli turkey (400kV), Iraq shatra, Iraq mothana, hasang Indonesia, Kuwait to name a few KEY SKILLS & COMPETENCIES
Autodesk Inventor 3D
AutoCAD 2D
CREO
Primavera P6
Infor LN ERP
Project management
Microsoft Excel
Microsoft Word
Microsoft Power point
Band 7 IELTS
WORK EXPERIENCE
1.Toshiba Transmission & Distribution Systems (India) Pvt. Ltd, Hyderabad (April 2015 – Aug 2019) Key Responsibilities:
3D Design & Modelling
Bill of materials
RFQ
Customer specifications
Project management
Technical Documentation
Client relationship
Project Experience:
Preparation of drawings for customer approval as per the customer specification
Preparation of Documents for approval and information purpose
Performed design changes as per the project requirement from standard product
Involved in 245kV/ 400kV Gas insulated switchgear localization and development.
Attending internal project review meetings and also with EPC/Customer
Technical clarifications to customer
Preparation of GIS operation & instruction manual.
Preparation of part 3D models using Auto cad Inventor 3D modelling software
Creation and checking of ERP Bill of Materials
Partnered with Production team for assembling, drawing clarifications, assembly process specifications, etc.
Involved during customer FAT inspection
Ensured that the products conformed to customer & national/international standards like IEC, AWS, ASME & EN
Reviewed product performance feedback from customer 2. Eastern Pile Foundations Pvt ltd. (June 2013- March 2015) Project engineer
Preparation of 2D drawings of foundations for substations, buildings, transmission towers.
Liaise with the client and consultants resolving all on-site and contractual problems.
Supervise project execution, evaluate and monitor manpower productivity and issue BOQ.
Schedule the work in accordance to project timeline and deadlines
Maintain the safety measures on site and ensure that all quality control regulations are met
Prepare Technical documents and ensure that the work was carried in accordance to the drawings and specifications
EDUCATION
Jul 2009 – Apr 2013 B.E in Electrical and Electronics Engineering (86.2%) Gnanamani College of Technology, Nammakkal
March 2009 Citadel Senior Secondary School, Ranni (CBSE) (65%) March 2007 Mar Dionysius Senior Secondary School, Mallapally (CBSE) (70%) CAREER HIGHLIGHT
Successfully completed the localization, prototype development & testing of 420kV GIS (Disconnector, Earthing Switch, Gas Circuit Breaker, Cable Head, Bus Duct) as team lead.
Published a paper titled “Overview on Design, Manufacturing & Verification of GIS” at a conference of Central Power Research Institute (CPRI), Bangalore, focusing on the emerging trends in switchgear technology and testing requirements of LT & HT Switchgear and Control Gear (8th – 9th December 2016) PERSONAL DETAILS
Nationality : INDIAN
Passport Number : L6454462

Contact this candidate
