
VINAYKUMAR ANIL DALAL
Nandeshwar, Athani TQ, Belagavi
District, Karnataka, India-591240
Date of Birth: 01-05-1994
Ph.No.: +91-812*******
Email: adafft@r.postjobfree.com
Objective:
To prove my skills and ability to work as an engineer in a progressive organization that helps me to improve my knowledge and skills and to be a member of a team, which works towards success and growth of the organization.
Academic Qualification:
Course Name of the Institution Board Year of
Passing
Percentage/
CGPA
M. Tech
(MSE)
Ramaiah Institute of
Technology
Autonomous Institute Affiliated to
Visvesvaraya Technological
University
2019
8.20 CGPA
B.E
(ME)
Srinivas Institute of
Technology
Visvesvaraya Technological
University
2016 56.07%
Diploma
(ME)
C B Kore Polytechnic Directorate of Technical Education Board
2013 63.82%
SSLC G N K High School Karnataka Secondary Education Examination Board
2010 65.92%
Experience:
• Indian Institute of Science, 6 months of experience as research student. (2019)
• Mactech Engineering Unit-III, 45 days of experience as intern. (Jul-Aug 2018)
• Ace Carbo Nitrides, Metallurgical Industry, 6 months of experience as a Trainee (Feb-Jul 2017) Key Skills:
• Technical Software: AutoCAD, UG-NX, SAP MM, Outlook, Ansys.
• Manufacturing: Foundry, Forging, Investment Casting. Project Undertaken:
Title Description Members Duration
Multifunctional
Agricultural ROBOT using
wireless technology
In this project we developed Agri-ROBO which performs various functions such as seed sawing, Medicine
Sprinkling, Land Leveling. The RF sensor used for
wireless operation.
8
6months
(2012-13)
Design and analysis of
ROLL CAGE of All
Terrine Vehicle
The goal is to design And Analyze a prototype of single seated off road (ATV) Vehicle, that withstand stress of rough terrain in all types of weather without damage. The objective is to design and analysis of roll cage of ATV. The Vehicle must be safe, easily transported, easily maintained. It should be able to negotiate rough terrain without damage. The Roll cage structure which is
designed to ensure the safety of the driver while not compromising the ergonomics.
4
6months
(2015-16)
Extraction, synthesis and
characterization for
mechanical integrity of
nanocellulose composites
The current work employed alkaline extraction method to extract cellulose from sugarcane bagasse. The residue after filtration from this method was used for the synthesis of nanocellulose. This project focused on extraction of the two polymers from the sources and the preparation of films with mechanical integrity and desirable chemical properties. Reinforcement such as Alumina Oxide is also added to the films. Further development on these films would contribute to eliminating plastics and replacing them with better and sustainable materials.
1
1 year
(2018-19)
Extra-curricular Activities:
• Presented a paper entitled “Extraction, synthesis and characterization for mechanical integrity of nanocellulose composites” on ETME (Emerging Trends in Mechanical Engineering) at RIT. (26th Jun 2019)
• Participated in Three-day Lecture series on “Nanotechnology and Its Applications”, Karnataka Science and Technology Academy in collaboration with RIT. (26th to 28th Feb 2018)
• Participated in Two-weeks Faculty development programme on “Advance Materials and Manufacturing Technology” organized by Department of Mechanical Engineering RIT. (4th to 16th Dec 2017)
• Participated in Half day workshop on “Casting Defect Clinic” jointly organized by The Indian Institute of Foundrymen and Department of Mechanical engineering RIT. (23rd Nov 2017)
• Participated in workshop on “Rapid Prototype and Manufacturing Technologies” organized by SIT in association with Additive Manufacturing Society of India. (2015) Achievements:
• Secured Best Project Award in Final year Project exhibition organized by RIT. (2019)
• Secured Second Prize in Final year Project exhibition organized by SIT. (2016)
• Secured Third Prize in DTE Board Diploma Project exhibition held at Laxmeshwar. (2013) Personal Details:
Father’s Name
Gender
Marital Status
Languages know
: Mr. Anil Dalal
: Male
: Single.
: English, Hindi, Kannada, Telugu
Hobbies : Listening Music, Playing Cricket, Cooking Declarations:
The above information provided by me is true and I have all the relevant document to authenticate the same.
(VINAYKUMAR ANIL DALAL)

Contact this candidate
