
MAJJI VASUNDHARA DEVI
E-mail:adafxf@r.postjobfree.com Phone: +91-738*******
913-***-****

Carrier Objective
To Obtain a Challenging Position with a Growing Company that will provide a Opportunity to utilize my Knowledge of computer Aided Drafting /Design Continuing my Personal and Professional Growth, where my positive attitude, integrity and Strong Desire to Succeed will Contribute to the Company’s Success

Professional Summary
Having a 4 years of experience in Valuations and Architectural design.
Having work experience in Estimations and valuations.
Experienced with Autocad 2004-2013
Proficient with Windows MS Word, Ms Excel.
Power point Presentation of Works .
Experienced in Photoshop.
Preparing Floor Pattern in Autocad and Photoshop.
Good analytical ability and leadership qualities.
Ability to learn new technologies with minimal time period.
Experienced with Auto Cad Versions
Be able to use office computer Software’s as Ms office and Photoshop.
Strong Operation in Autocad and Staddpro.
Able to Create Variety of Drawings with Various Sizes and Scales

Technical Skill
Computer software: C, M.S.OFFICE, PHOTOSHOP
Civil software : AUTOCAD, STAAD Pro .MS.Project.

Academic record

Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech) in Civil Engineering from Jawaharlal
Nehru University (JNTU), Kakinada with aggregate of 69.94%.
PG Diploma in Urban Planning and development in IGNOU with 72%.

Professional Experience

Have been Associate with Sai Siva Ganga Architects as a Civil Engineer Since Feb 2014 to July 2018
Preparing Presentation of Drawing in Auto Cad.
Preparing detail Drawings like Beam Layout, Slab Beam Layout,
Wood Work Drawing, Furniture Drawing, Electrical Drawing, Column Layout.
Preparation of Single Line Drawings
Preparing Presentation of Drawing in Auto Cad and Photo Shop
Preparing Working Drawing for Residential Houses
Preparing of Doors and Windows Schedule and Detail calculation’s of how much word Required
Preparing of how much materials required for the particular building
Preparation of all types of Standard Drawing.
Preparing Estimates for the Residential Buildings
Valuation of the building according to the market values.

Personal profile
Name : M.Vasundhara devi
Father’s Name : Mr.M.Rambabu
Mother’s Name : Mrs.M.Padmavathi
Date of birth : 18.07.1992
Sex : female
Languages Known : Telugu, English
Marital Status : Single
Permanent Address
Door number: 27-235,
Near Bolem Rice mill,
ABC Church, Peenaripalem,
Narsipatnam,
Visakhapatnam-531116.

Declaration
I consider myself familiar with civil engineering aspects. I am also confident of my ability to work in a team. I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.

Place: Visakhapatnam. (M.Vasundhara Devi)
Date:

Contact this candidate
