
JASON A. LOVITT
adafpd@r.postjobfree.com
936-***-**** (cell)

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Self-led, Experienced, Senior Manager, and Military Veteran seeking a challenging and rewarding career with 23 years of proven experience in Leadership, Operations, Safety, Conflict Resolution, Production Management, Project Management, Quality Control/Quality Assurance, Distribution Center Operations, Supply Chain/ Logistics and Procurement.

EXPERIENCE

Supervisor- Food Services II May 2018- Aug 2019 United Airlines- Houston, Tx.

Works closely with GM/Departmental managers to supervise PM/ night shift and run the day-to-day departmental operations of a United Airlines catering facility, responsibilities include:
Frequently acts as the only member of management in the facility on night shift.
Principal Security-Active shooter, Bomb threat, and Natural disaster preparedness trainer for the facility.
Responsible for GMP’s, sanitation and testing of machines, equipment, and product quality.
Responsible for employee scheduling, morale and welfare, attendance, discipline, payroll, interviewing, accident investigation/Root cause analysis, and safety awareness.
Conducts shift briefings and other employee communications including counseling and terminations as needed.
Acts as Manager on Duty in warehouse when needed; familiar with EOM inventory, KMS, product receiving, FIFO, decanting, correct labeling, requisition pulling, and loop/department delivery.
Assists in coordinating production schedules with other departments including warehouse, cold foods, and transportation to meet overall operational needs and remain on time in all operations.
Assisted in four lean/kaizen projects; resulting in greater efficiency and less waste on production floor.
Responsible for ensuring departmental quality, productivity, overall performance, food safety compliance, regulatory compliance and departmental safety programs are followed.
Responsible for developing metrics to ensure Departmental and Airline goals and objectives are met on an everyday basis without fail.

Distribution Center Manager Aug. 2015 – Feb 2018
Savannah Distributing – Savannah, GA.

Responsible for the production standards and daily work performance of 55 warehouse employees in a fast-paced Alcohol Distribution Facility. Assisted with financial forecasts/budget for each quarter to maximize probability.

Developed active shooter training plans and scenarios to aid company in event of occurrence. Developed and trained Natural Disaster preparedness drills to save lives and secondarily save product/equipment.

Performed monthly reviews on all subordinates, taught, coached, and mentored all employees on proper procedure and warehouse order fulfillment. Performed disciplinary functions. Conducted weekly meetings on performance standards resulting in an overall production increase from 89.5% to 96% correct order fulfillment rate and delivery.

Scheduled, tracked, and input hourly employees time to maximize efficiency and prevent unneeded overtime.
Liaison between Salesmen, Customers, Warehouse staff, and Driver and delivery operations, Performed KPI monitoring. Developed Driver/Load safety program to decrease product breakage.
Safety Officer familiar with OSHA policies, principles, and procedures. Conducted monthly safety meetings.
Secondary IT person, able to detect and fix problems with WMS, RF Scanners, Computers/printers/software.
Assisted in Recruiting and Hiring process, helped process applications and interview candidates, attended job fairs and assisted marketing and promotional department, Managed social media pages for prospective applicants.
Responsible for Daily Logistics, Shipping and Receiving, Inventory Control and Adjustments, FIFO, Expired product, Scheduling of Inbound/Outbound shipments, Routing of Delivery Drivers.
Experienced in every aspect of a High-volume distribution center including Order puller/picker, Loader, Router, Delivery driver, Shipping and receiving, Inventory control/adjustment and Managerial duties.

First Sergeant Feb. 2009 – July 2015
United States Army – Ft. Stewart, GA. and Ft. Riley, KS.
Senior manager for a 250-person Engineer/Construction unit; responsibilities included- daily operations, training, discipline, counseling, morale and welfare of all; principal advisor to the commander on all enlisted matters.
Responsible for the Construction of, Security, Safety, logistics planning, food ordering and coordination, safety, life-cycle procedures, vector control, waste disposal, and sanitation for 75 personnel in a remote mountain outpost in Afghanistan.
Developed Force protection scenarios and led training events to facilitate survival both in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Senior trainer and instructor in all career specialty competencies in the unit; formulated diagnostic examinations routinely on Military Occupational Specialty to further enhance job competency.
Responsible for the maintenance and accountability of all assigned equipment as well as safety and risk management of personnel in all daily operations. Facilitated more than 100 Leadership development seminars to foster teamwork, safety, security, combat operations, and communication/cooperation among subordinate managers.

EDUCATION

Master of Arts: Criminal justice, DHS, and Emergency management Expected Aug 2020-Excelsior College

Bachelor of Arts: General Studies/Minors -Criminal Justice/Management 2019- Columbia College
CompTIA A + Certified/IT
IT Fundamentals
New Horizons Computer Learning Center of Charlotte, NC 2015

Senior Leader Course: Principles of Management and supervision 2015
US Army Senior Leader Course, Ft. Leonard Wood, MO.

Lean/Six Sigma methodologies (Yellow Belt) 2017

Project Management Professional training 2019/Ongoing

SKILLS/Certifications

Knowledgeable in Lean/ Six Sigma/ Kaizen principles
Project management
Netsuite software literate
Recruiting/Operations/Logistics
IT-CompTIA certified
Current Forklift Certified
Microsoft Office Suite
SAP ERP/WMS/KMS (Encompass Technologies)
HAZMAT/OSHA Trained
Safety/First Aid Trained/CPR certified
HAACP
Food safety course
PCQI

Contact this candidate
