
Venkatesh Katakam
Email: adafln@r.postjobfree.com,
adafln@r.postjobfree.com. Phone: 083********.

Career Objective:-
I look forward for an exciting and challenging career in an Organization to expose my capability in Mechanical Engineering field and also keeping good communication with the Company to give the best output of mine
Experience Summary:-
Mechanical Engineering professional with 9.10 years of core experience in the Fabrication & Erection field. My current role is as an Asst.Engineer (Mechanical) in NCC Ltd at Pune Metro Rail Project Reach2.
Qualifications:-
B-TECH in Mechanical Engineering from G.M.R.I.T College, Rajam affiliated to J.N.T.U, Hyderabad with 69.42%, in the year 2008.
Intermediate (M.P.C) in GAYATHRI College, VIZIANAGARAM with 86.4%, in the year 2004.
S.S.C in Z.P.H.SCHOOL, JAMI with 79%, in the year 2002.
Skill set:-
Software: Auto cad, Ms Office.

Career Profile:-
Present Organization: NCC Ltd.
Current Project :Pune Metro Rail Project – Reach2
Previous Project : NMDC Iron and Steel Plant (3MPTA)-Sinter Plant

Responsibilities :
Fabrication and Erection works of steel structural.
Checking the Fabrication drawing, calculate the BOM & prepare the monthly plans to contractors.
I have experience in Auto CAD for development of drawings and to follow design drawings
I have managed the sub-contractors and their teams / workforce for achieving the project time line.
Prepare the material cutting plan and control the scrap percentage as much as possible low.
Reconciliation of material by monthly from the monthly progress.
Checking entire structural layout including taking care of stage by stage inspection.
Prepare offer marked joint on job for D.P.T (Dye Penetration Test),U.T and R.T.
Monitoring the man power, tools & machinery in useful way and safety conditions.
Prepare the client bills & contractor billing certification as per scope.
Monitoring, Executing & scheduling of all structural and piping erection.
Alignment checking of all structural items and prepares the protocols, final handover documents.
Documentation for ISO-9001.
Ensuring safety standards so that risk to personnel and equipment is minimized with respect to time and cost.
Prepare the Daily progress reports(DPR’s),Monthly review meeting reports & Financial Year rolling plans by area wise
Calculation roof sheeting, side cladding sheeting( by detain and detailing drawing lad area

Previous Organization: NAVAYUGA ENGINEERING COMPANY Ltd.
Previous Projects : BSTPP (stage1, 3x660MW, stage2, 2x660MW) – NTPC BARH, BIHAR.
DVC project at KTPP (2X500MW) – KODERAMA, JHARKHAND

Job Handling:-
All type of heavy & light structure of ( Power Plant – T.G, Bunker, ESP,Trestle,Bunker Cell and Steel Plant) like Columns, Crane Girders, Main Beams, Secondary Beams, Floor Beams, Roof Girder, Auxiliary Column, Bunker cell, Column Bracings, Horizontal & Vertical Bracings, Trusses, Purlins, Sky light, Horizontal Girder, Vertical Girder, Pipe & Cable Rack, Gallery, Walkway, Stair Case, Bracket, Top & Bottom Chord Bracing, CW Liner, Sheeting & Cladding and Piping.
Experience:-
Presently Working at Pune Metro Rail Project Reach2 in NCC Ltd from Dec2018.
working at NMDC steel plant in NCC Ltd from NOV 2013 to Dec 2018.
Worked at Barh Super Thermal Power Plant in Navayuga Engineering Company LTD from Oct 2011 to NOV 2013.
Worked at Koderma Thermal Power Plant in Navayuga Engineering Company LTD from July 2009 to Oct 2011

Personal Details:-

Date of Birth : 25-07-1987
Nationality : Indian
Material status : Married
Languages Known : Telugu, Hindi, and English
Contact No : 083********
Present Address : M/s NCC LTD, Vimal Vihar,Kothrud Depot,Pune,Maharastra.
Permanent Address : K.venkatesh, S/o K.mutyam,Padala veedhi,
Jami-535250, VizianagaramDist(AP).
E-mail :adafln@r.postjobfree.com
adafln@r.postjobfree.com

Declaration:-
I here by declare that the information furnished above are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Venkatesh Katakam

Contact this candidate
