
Kerelos Mikhail
North Olmsted, OH, USA
Mobile: 440-***-****
E-mail: adafq1@r.postjobfree.com
OBJECTIVE:
I’m a self motivated Software Engineer seeking an opportunity, to enrich my analytical and problem solving skills. I enjoy learning new technologies. I’m known for being a team player, a mentor, a multitasker, and a problem solver. I strive to consistently exceed expectations. WORK EXPERIENCE:
April 2019 – Present : Creating my own mobile application. July 2017 – Feb 2019: Senior Administrator Engineer at Genco, a Keller company, Egypt
( http://kellerme.com/genco-egypt/) Industrial zone, Port Fouad, Port Said.
Project data analysis.
Housing Accommodation of personnel
Responsible for project assets.
Arrangement for guests.
Port Fouad office responsibility.
Responsible for site security team.
Responsible for project computer systems (laptops, printers, scanners, copiers, workstation, etc..) troubleshooting maintenance and inventory.
Public relationship.
Responsible for project Petty cash.
July 2016 – July 2017: IT engineer, at Eng. Ehab Mansour’s office (Member of Egyptian Parliament)
Responsible for all IT work at the office.
Administrator for his Facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/Ehab.Mansour.Omrania/
Responsible for Video and audio editing and rendering. December 2005 – July 2016: Working for Mobinil Network “Orange telecommunications” Egypt – Orascom trading as:
Team manager: January 2013 - July 2016
Manage a team that includes 8 sub teams of senior radio engineers, technicians and drivers to maintain and enhance “Orange” mobile network for Mohandseen and Haram offices covering around 500 mobile sites.
Lead and coordinate solving sites problems (hardware problem, RQA, VSWR, recover down sites ASAP, problem solving steps….)
Improve sites NUR “Network Unavailability Rate “and SQI “Site Quality indicator “
Organize and schedule office’s resources and making work’s plans for the sub teams.
Coordinate the work with the other subcontractors companies to achieve the needed work and get the maximum target and best result.
Write technical reports.
Supervising spare parts inventory with storekeeper.
Overall Team management.
Coach and mentor engineers to become team leaders (reporting problems, problem solving techniques, handling the work in their sub teams to achieve customer satisfaction) Technical Coordinator: March 2012 - December 2012
Follow up technical reports all over Orascom offices “Cairo & Alex.” (Alcatel, Motorola and transmission problems)
Cairo VIP sites problem and PM follow up.
Send technical PDF or presentation files, which I made that helps in practical work to all Orascom offices. Also, send the available data, which help in more understanding and troubleshooting of the working devices.
Technical support team leader for Mohandesen and Haram offices: December 2010 - February 2012
Support engineers in site’s problems and in troubleshooting to recover the sites ASAP.
Training for the new engineers and supporting them technically.
Send technical PDF or presentation files, which I made it to help in practical work. BSS team leader: March 2009 - November 2010
Handling different types of work order and achieve it in its planned time.
Help in organizing office’s resources & making work’s plans.
Collect statistical data for sites’ equipment.
Handle audit tasks with auditors and confirm to reply before dead time.
Support senior and junior engineers at work in order to achieve work target. Senior engineer: March 2007 - February 2009
Using SITE MASTER to measure VSWR and to determine where the fault exists.
Responsible for DDF arrangement even in Fiber room at exchange, and BSC's enhancement.
Working in Sites Hand-Over “New sites acceptance”, Audit and Clearing reserves.
Working in site migration and routing.
Connect to Alcatel BSC and make local supervision.
Take an overlook at Alcatel OMC.
Working on ALCATEL ADM and connect new systems on it.
Support new engineers
BSS field engineer: December 2005 - February 2007
Testing and troubleshooting on ALCATEL, nokia siemens, MOTOROLA & Huawei in Ras Sidr, Cairo, and Fayoum Offices
Preventive Maintenance & Handling The Active Alarms for The Mobinil “Orange” Sites (Radio and Environment).
Alcatel G2 BSC, MX BSC, Indoor/outdoor ALCATEL BTS 900/1800GSM-DCS Evoluim, Alcatel 910 µ- BTS, CBO and MBO, and MOTOROLA M-CELL6, HORIZON 1& 2, Huawei 2G & 3G
ALCATEL Microwave Link (9400UX/LX-9400AWY) and its Software NECTAS/LUX50/AWY. & NEC Pasolink Mx “40 E1” and ALCATEL new MXC MW “75 E1” also MPR), E/// CN, 6P & 20P.
Handling the active alarms of various types of rectifiers used in the GSM sites.
Dealing with sites owners, negotiators, technicians and drivers to achieve work in time.
I have background in generators and its faults as many sites works on generators (i.e. John Deer..) EDUCATION & TRAINING:
May 2005: B.Sc. in Computer, Electronics and Electrical communications – Faculty of Engineering Helwan University, Egypt.
Graduation project: Excellent.
Hard copy reader (HCR): A software system that combinations optical character recognition (OCR) and Text to speech (TTS) April 2008: Network and Switching Sub-system “NSS” course at ALCATEL
(FGF scholarship – certificate from both ALCATEL and FGF)
Introduction to GSM networks.
HLR and RCP description.
ALCATEL 1000 MM E10 system description.
March 2016 – May 2016: HVAC “Heating, Ventilation, and air conditioning course (Certified) October 2016: Training of trainers – TOT workshop (Certified) February 2017 – April 2017: Android Mobile Application developing (Certified) HIGHLIGHTS OF QUALIFICATIONS:
I'm eager to learn new technology.
Eager to share knowledge, cooperative, helpful and enjoy team work
Ability to train new engineers and support them technically.
Organize office’s resources & make work’s plans.
Good managerial and leadership skills.
Good analytical skills.
Assist in department strategic planning and management.
Communicate with different companies (MOBINIL, ACATEL, Civil, Telecom Egypt and Electric co ) to get best work result.
Ability to work individually and cooperative team member.
Lead teams to do the work responsibilities.
TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Android programming using Android studio.
Software version control system ( Git and Github )
Java, Java script, Visual Basic, C and C++
JSON, XML
SQL for Oracle ( working on TOAD for Oracle )
Microprocessor.
GSM “Global System for Mobile Communication”
Network Technique: (Data Communication Principle and Computer Network)
DSP (Digital Signal Processing)
Optical Fiber overview
Professional presentations (MS power point and other programs)
Operating systems: MS DOS, Windows, Mac.
Multimedia programs: Audio and video editing, graphic & 3D programs
Programming languages, Computer hardware and software maintenance.
Training in Egyptian television and Egypt's National Railways (Underground Metro)
PMP “professional project management” Group-study VOLUNTEER ACTIVITY:
September 2016 - December 2018
Co-founder of “Make your dream” foundation for community development - Egypt https://www.facebook.com/make.your.dream.org/

Contact this candidate
