
CHARANJEET SINGH SANDHU

SOLUTION SPECIALIST
(VMware and cloud solutions for NetAct)

OSS professional with 12+ years of experience in system integration, consulting and support in the field of IT and Telecommunication.

CONTACT

SKILLS
Cloud Solutions (Open stack & VMware)
VMware Virtualization vSphere 6.0
OSS Installation and commissioning for new deployments (Nokia NetAct & Ericson OSSRC)
Expertise in Disaster Recovery solution for Nokia NetAct.
Software Upgrades and maintenance for OSS systems.
Hardware - HP C7000 Blade enclosures, IBM mainframes, Oracle Enterprise servers.
Red Hat Enterprise Linux release 6.x & 7
Networking - (HP 5510 L2/L3 switches) Cisco 3020 series, HP Virtual Connect 10/10D, SAN Brocade switches.
Windows server 2008 & 2012 System Administration.
Citrix Administration for XenApp 6 & 7 release.
Storages - (DELL/EMC VNX series & Unity)
OSS Presales & costing for new services.
Troubleshooting & Remote support.
Team building / leadership.
Excellent communications skills.
Project management.
Team management & client relations.
On-call experience.
Shell / Perl scripting
Attention to detail and quality in work.
PHONE:

416-***-****

EMAIL:

adafzb@r.postjobfree.com

LINKEDIN:

https://linkedin.com/in/charanjeet-singh-sandhu

Canadian Permanent Resident

ADDRESS:

38 Fandor Way,
Brampton,
Ontario
ON,L7A2G9

WORK EXPERIENCE

TRAININGS

NetAct Deployment on Open stack cloud.
VMware vSphere 6.0 Administration.
NetAct Administration.
NetAct Installation and Commissioning.
Traffica Administration NCSS.
Ericsson OSSRC 14.0 Administration.
ENIQ 14B troubleshooting.
Microsoft windows server 2012 Administration.
Symantec NetBackup Administration and Troubleshooting.
Soft Skills training.
(1-week classroom)
Cloud Application Manager.

NOKIA SOLUTIONS AND NETWORKS, Chennai, India
Solution Specialist
[Aug 2015 to Aug2019]

Leading NetAct project activities for solution deployment and software upgrades for global customers. Also, provide technical support on urgent issues faced during project deliveries.
Create technical solutions for customized project deliveries and act as a Solution Architect for preparing VMware/Cloud solutions for NetAct.
Preparing system deployment/upgrade plan in accordance with the MOP. (Method of procedure)
Prepare presales / high level document as per customer requirements for NetAct project deliveries.
Prepare and implement NetAct migration plan using VMware vmotion, HCX and other tools.
Experience in Installation and upgrades for NetAct 8, 15, 16, 17, 18, Cloud Application Manager and Network 360 solutions.
Configure VMware vSphere, ESXi 5.1,6.1 VMware clustering (DRS, Vmotion) on existing NetAct solutions.
Building team strength technically and motivating the team to provide quality support.
Support Integration of various Network elements of 2G, 3G and LTE network (BSC, MSC, MGW, RNC, HLR, MSS, iOMS, MRBTS, MME) with NetAct.
Troubleshooting problems related to Fault management, Configuration management, Performance management, Security management in NetAct.
Work with R&D teams to provide customized solution for NetAct Disaster recovery on top of Open stack and VMware cloud environments.
Configure NTP, DHCP, DNS server configuration on RedHat enterprise server.
License installation (Run Time / Installation Time) and respective feature configuration & activation.
Setup internal lab for testing of customized and standard solutions for NetAct Cloud that requires SDN (software defined networking) and SDS (software defined storage).
Implement OSS major upgrades and hot fixes for NetAct Releases.
Provide remote support for critical issues faced during upgrades, commissioning, and new integrations.
Handling Fault management applications like Alarm Monitor and Alarm History.
Manage an online database (oracle RMAN) and offline VDP backups for NetAct as per customer requirement.
Conduct and supervise technical interviews for new recruitments in the team.
Travel onsite (India & Abroad) for project deliveries.
CERTIFICATIONS

Nokia certified engineer for NetAct deployment on open stack cloud.
VMware VCP 6.0 certified professional.
Nokia certified Installation engineer for NetAct deployments.
Nokia certified Administrator for NetAct solution.
Traffica NCSS certified from Nokia.
HP Blade X86 Certified from Ericsson.
HP certified engineer for enterprise servers & storage.

QUALIFICATIONS

Bachelors:
Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering from Bharti Vidyapeeth College of Engineering and Technology,
Mumbai University – 2004 to 2007

Diploma:
Electronics Engineering from
Vivekananda Polytechnic,
Maharashtra State Board of Technical Education – 2001 to 2004

Secondary School Certificate (SSC), Maharashtra State Board – 1999 to 2000

PRESENTATIONS

Conducted a session on NetAct storage Migration from VNX series to Unity series.
Presented a session on IP requirements for NetAct Disaster Recovery solution on top of VMware Cloud.
Presented Disaster Recovery NetAct solution session to local team as a part of Knowledge transfer.
Conducted Internal training for VMware vSphere Troubleshooting.
Trained colleagues & subordinates for enablement in NetAct Presales and costing.
Conducted Internal sessions on NetAct solution to new recruits for enablement.
Conducted training on Ericsson OSSRC / ENIQ solution for knowledge transfer to internal team.
WORK EXPERIENCE

ERICSSON INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED, Mumbai, India
Senior Solution Integrator
[July 2013 to Aug 2015]

Led various product delivery projects for customers in and outside of India which formed a part of Service Delivery Management process delivering Ericsson OSSRC/ENIQ solution.
Implemented technical changes required by the customer to be incorporated in the enhanced Ericsson solution.
Deployed Ericsson OSS Related Solutions in customer environment which involved maiden installation of complete product or upgrade / enhancement of the product.
Configured and integrated different nodes into customer EMS-NMS products.
Resolved critical technical issues during the deployment phase.
Prepared Solution Design & Analysis documents for OSSRC/ENIQ as per specifications.
Conducted technical presentations of Ericsson OSS Products to the customer with respect to the product benefits, changes, features, usage, etc.
Delivered Learning Services from the deployed Solutions.
Conducted and supervised technical interviews for new recruitments in the team.
Travelled onsite for project deliveries.

TECHNOLOGY ASSOCIATES, Nairobi, Kenya
Senior Enterprise Engineer
[Aug 2012 to July 2013]

Installation of Unix/windows/Linux servers and configure hardware, applications, services and storage in accordance with best practices and project/operational requirements.
Participated in the operational projects and provided support to the customer as per the requirement.
Configuration of IBM WebSphere & Oracle WebLogic applications for TA customers.
Manage SAN environment & predict system capacity and load in accordance with the network.
Oracle Database Administration 10G.
Supervised firmware upgrades for HP and Oracle systems.
Implemented Backup Strategy for the Production servers using HP data protector.
Led a team of System engineers and prepare project plan in accordance with customer requirements.
Created security policies for customers using RBAC (role-based access control) on production servers.
Configured HP System Insight Manager & IRS for real time monitoring customer production systems.

WORK EXPERIENCE

PERSONAL INFO

Date of Birth: 11 September 1984

Nationality: Indian

Religion: Sikh

Marital Status: Married

Languages Known:

English, Hindi, Punjabi, Marathi
ALCATEL LUCENT TECHNOLOGIES, Bangalore, India
Senior Engineer
[Feb 2011 to Aug 2012]

System Administration on Ericsson OSSRC, Ericsson Multi Mediation, Ericsson Multi Activation, Ericsson Lawful Interception NMS, Ericsson DXX system, Alcatel 1353 NM /1354RM Products for SDH Transmission network including providing L2 support to the customer back office team 24*7.
Preventive Maintenance for the above systems and routine Health checks.
Ensured Backup and Recovery Procedures for the above mentioned systems and prepared a disaster recovery plan in case of emergency.
System Installation and upgrade for the NMS/EMS systems in accordance to the project requirements.
Worked onsite for customer, involving travels to customer location (Europe) and acquired handover for the project.
Handled operational requests and implemented the tasks as per SLA.
Organized team meetings and coordinated on technical issues with team members.
Coordinated with product design teams for solving technical issues escalated for resolution.
Conducted internal trainings and knowledge sharing sessions within the team to enhance competence and skill levels.
Prepared shell scripts for preventive maintenance for multiple OSS systems.

HOBBIES

Traveling

Sports -Walking, Exercise, Bicycling

Volunteer work

Music

Socializing
ERICSSON INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED, Gurgaon, India
Support Engineer
[Sep 2009 to Feb 2011]

Worked as L2 Service Engineer and handled various issues for OSS/ENIQ system administration.
CSR handling on technical issues for customers and resolve within SLA.
New OSSRC/ENIQ implementations for various customers as per requirement from the project team.
Implemented small and large OSSRC/ENIQ upgrades.
Provided emergency support as per the requirement for OSSRC/ENIQ.
Coordinated with customers on technical issues and implemented standard operating procedures.
Prepared technical documents for ENIQ (Ericsson Network IQ) operation and maintenance.
Conducted internal knowledge sharing sessions within team on OSS.
New OSSRC/ENIQ installations for Vodafone Delhi and Idea Pune.
Performed database migration as part of OSS upgrades.
Installed and configured Sun Storagetek 3510,2540 storage arrays connected to OSS and ENIQ.
Conducted acceptance test for the new features integrated in the customer OSS network.
Implemented security policies for Vodafone Pune and Idea Pune.
System monitoring and health check for OSS systems.

WORK EXPERIENCE

ACHIEVEMENTS

Awarded for upgrading Network 360 solution on top of Stretched cluster in Oct 2018.
Awarded as Leading engineer for NetAct emergency support May 2018.
Awarded for excellent support in crisis during NetAct upgrade in Jan 2018.
Awarded for resolving Citrix issues in customer Production NetAct in Jan 2018.
Awarded Employee of the month in Sept 2017.
Awarded for excellent customer ratings for NetAct project deliveries (CSS score 9/10) in June 2017.

RELIANCE COMMUNICATIONS, Mumbai, India
Engineer – Operations Planning and Support
[Sep 2007 to Sep 2009]

Managed and setup a complete telecom network consisting of numerous servers and performed system administration tasks to maintain the network.
L2 operation and maintenance of HPUX, Solaris & windows servers.
Installed and configured NMS/EMS systems for production.
Package and Patch Management for Oracle and HPUX environments.
Troubleshoot system issues and resolved them on priority.
Installed third party software’s (Apache Webserver, IBM Installation Manager, Oracle Web logic, etc) on the Solaris/HPUX systems as per the customer requirement.
Planned and implemented a backup strategy for mission critical servers.
Backup and Recovery using ufsdump / ufsrestore, tar utilities.
Server Installations & configuration through JumpStart, Flash installations.
Prepared shell scripts to automate daily tasks.
Configured disk RAID for data protection on production servers.
Configuration and Administration of NFS, NIS, Servers.
Implemented server and database migrations for NMS (Marconi) along with Ericsson team on production systems.
REFERENCES

Available upon request.

Contact this candidate
