
CURRICULUM VITAE-TRANSFERABLE IQAMA

Name-NIZAMUDDIN RAHMANI

Address for Correspondence:
ALWASAIL INDUSTRIAL Co. BOX:5033,1st INDUSTRIAL CITY-1 AL-QASSIM,BURAIDAH

Saudi Engineering council
Grade-Engineer
Membership no-252301
Expiry date-4th October 2019

Saudi Driving license:
Date of Exp-26/12/2023

IELTS Score:
5.5 Band over all

E-mail:
adafv0@r.postjobfree.com
adafv0@r.postjobfree.com
Skype id-nizm90

Phone no:
+966-*********
+966-*********

Personal Data:
Date of Birth :27-04-1990
Sex : MALE
Nationality: INDIAN
Marital Status: SINGLE

PASSPORT DETAILS
Passport No:K9297444
Date of expiry:14-01-2023

Career Objective
To work in the most challenging position for an esteemed organization that provides ample opportunities to learn and to contribute.
Aggregate Percentage of your Engineering
Bachelor in (“Electrical & Electronics Engineering”) With First class Distintion-77%
MBA in (“Operations Management”) with 1st class from Mumbai

Experience
Currently working as a ‘Electrical & Automation Dept. Head’
10th Oct-2018 to Present
About company: - Alwasail Industrial Company produces plastic pipes (Polyethylene) of different sizes and lengths for irrigation systems, drinking water, wastewater, sanitation, gas, electricity conduits and telecom ducts. It also complements its pipe production with a diverse production program for pipe fittings and irrigation accessories. Saudi Rubber Products produces rubber rings, joints’ seals.
JOB PROFILE

Industrial experience with relay circuit breaker and switch gear protection.
Experience with electromechanical, automotive relays such as DPDT,HD-DPDT, Solid state relay, electronics bistable relay (BIS-419i 24)
Managing maintenance schedules and cost budget for each plant
Delivering planned and property maintenance.
Managing a team of multi-disciplined maintenance technicians.
Planning, directing and controlling the efforts of the Maintenance Team.
Ensuring that all electrical equipment is in safe working order in line with current regulations.
Ensuring that all certificates of compliance are maintained and up to date in accordance with relevant legislation.
Delegating work responsibilities.
Recording daily maintenance activity
Mentoring inexperienced or new employees.
Running an efficient repairs reporting system.
Responding quickly to any emergencies.
Conducting employee performance reviews.
Involved in the hiring on maintenance personnel.
Using specialist maintenance management software “CMMS” to track work.
Running a preventive maintenance program that will minimize service repairs in the long run.
Participating in senior management meetings.
Building up maintenance teams.
Project Undertaken
Experience of working in “Installation & Commissioning” of two New Extruder line Brand names DEKUMA, China.
“Installation and commissioning” of Three Automatic Coiler Brand name Emena, Turkey
Worked as a ‘Electrical Engineer’ in 9th Aug-2015 to 7th Oct-2018
About Company:-National Plant for Healthy Water "HANA Water” was established for more than thirty years, and is characterized by a unique position through the availability of natural underground water wells, and is one of the best bottled water plants in the GCC and the Middle East. Plant operating at very high yields using global techniques is the latest in European Union countries and the largest production lines worldwide, as has the factory production lines and huge vast areas. And we complete the process of industrialization and comprehensive processing and manufacturing of water bottles and blankets and packing them inside our factory.
Project Undertaken
“Installation and Commissioning” of New Water Line 24,000BPH
Experience of working in Electrical installation & Commissioning of New PET Bottle Water line of TECH LONG, China.
“Installation and commissioning of Oil free L-3 Model 40 Bar and 7 Bar AF Compressor
“Installation and commissioning” of “CLARANOR SYSTEM” in the lines.
“Installation and Commissioning “of New Water Line, SIDEL FRANCE “SBO34 Matrix” having speed 82000BPH
Experience in working with COMPLETE installation & Commissioning of New Water line SIDEL, at “HANA WATER” Site.
“Installation and Commissioning “of new Water Treatment Plant No-6 at HANA WATER Site
JOB PROFILE
Carry out Maintenance for all equipment’s and plant in coordination with maintenance team.
Maintenance & Trouble shooting of plant electrical equipment, instrumentation and automation system.
Working with team Following SOP for Preventive Maintenance. Do daily inspections of plant Electrical, Mechanical and Automation equipment/devices conditions.
Working and troubleshooting GE-Fanuc, Allen Bradley, SIEMENS PLCs S7400/300/200, HMI (Wincc flexible, Intouch 9.5), SCADA (Technologic, IFIX7.0, PLMS), Servo drives, Field bus system Ethernet, Profinet, Profibus DP, AS-i, AS-i safety.
Working knowledge of Ac drives -Model no-VLT-5000, FC-200 series, Siemens, Mitsubishi, ABB make drives up to 0.37 to 475 KW.
Working knowledge of field instruments & electrical systems including LV & HV devices.
Knowledge of Instrumentation & Control of Various field devices like-Encoder, RTD, Thermocouple, temperature controllers & Sensors, Load cells, pressure transmitters
Technically developing down line team by providing internal trainings.
Working on Ordering Critical spare parts listing and ordering to reduce downtime and increase performance.
Assisted in the administrative overhaul and refreshing of commercial processes to enable faster and more efficient methods for checking and clearing invoices, helping keep the entire project machinery running smooth.
Follow daily routines to ensure efficient machine upkeep and minimum breakdown.
Co-ordinate with other departments like supply chain, stores, quality, production and HR for smooth operation.
Responsible for manpower management during the shift including manpower requisition for casual labor, work allocation, and shift schedule planning.
Responsible for timely filling up of the shift report, tracking daily production indicators and generating relevant MIS.
Maintain and develop high levels of safety of people, equipment and facility to prepare & effectively implement action plan to improve overall equipment efficiency of production.
Worked as an ‘Electrical Engineer’ in “AJE India Pvt. Ltd” 3.3-Years
About Company: -AJEGROUP is a Peruvian Multi-national company, MNC dedicated to the manufacture, distribution and sale of alcoholic and nonalcoholic Beverages, It operates in 23 countries across five continents, placing 4thamong Latin American multinational companies.
Electrical Engineer
Experience of working in Electrical Equipment, Transformer, Energy meter, Single line diagram,SF6 Circuit breaker (Schneider),Electrical Panel LV,HV, Blowing machines,Chiller, Labeling Machine, Filling Machine, Packing Machine, Palletizer, Robopac, Air Compressors 40 and 7 Bar, Cooling tower, Coding machine.
Maintenance of 3-Stage 40Bar compressor at 4000 working Hour
Working knowledge of Plc. Troubleshooting/Programming, SCADA, HMI, Sensor, Pneumatic, Ups.
Experience in Working Electrical motor, Servo motor, Power and Control circuit, VFD,
Daily & Monthly Electricity Consumption report (KWH) for the Plant.
Magic entry of the material Used for Machines.
Purchase requisition of new material.
Weekly Breakdown maintenance planning.

Worked as an ‘Electrician Engineer in “BLESS ELECTRICALS” Mumbai.(Site project)
About Company:-Bless Electricals was established in 2005 and has started to promote skillful expertise which is glittering from our all-round basis in a high quality service and good standardized values of experience in Electrical Field.
JOB PROFILE

Supervising of installation of electrical equipment’s like cable trays, main distribution board, MCC panel, HVAC panel, illumination fixture, cable and termination, motor connection, ear thing and lightning protection system, public address and general alarm.
Execution of HV,LV system installation testing and commissioning of LV panels, Diesel generator set
Installation Testing and commissioning of Electrical power internal lighting, external lighting and control panels
Preparation of load schedule, electrical schematic diagram as per the standard.
Conduct electrical progress work inspections on continuous basis along with complete electrical installations checkout.
Testing of power and control cable installation by cable pulling crew.
Installation of L.V panel and motors for HVAC system, conducting run test and air balancing test.
Ensures that all site works are done according to all applicable quality standards as per company requirement.
Make sure the work completed for PMC start activities, to coordinate QC team during inspection.
Assure the work area to be safe and inform immediate to the safety officers if found any risk to work.

Installation and commissioning of lighting arrester.

Presenting work progress meeting with main contractor, consultant and client

Preparation and submission of BOM as per the project submission

College Projects
Completed a Final Year Engineering Project and presented in National conference on “Flexible power Monitoring Using Zigbee Sensor Network” with a group of four members.
Description:-The Theme of the project is to implement Automatic Power Meter reading Which provides high flexibility & Accuracy using Zigbee sensor network.
A Mini Project on “Remote Controlled Real Time Clock with Device Controller “With a group of four members.
Description: - The main objective of this project is to switch On/Off of the Electrical Devices by using a T.V Remote.
Technical & Computer Skills
Certified Automation Engineer course (Keyence, Scada, Omron, AB,ABB,GE-Fanuc, VFD,RTD, Thermocouple, P&FI, Interfacing (Plc& Scada),Siemens) from TECHNOCRAT AUTMATION, Chennai
Microsoft Office, Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint
Certification in Magic Software Training.
Computerized maintenance management system, CMMS
Achievements
University Topper in “Principle of Electrical Technology” during the First year (2008).
Always within Top Three in the Engineering Department.
Presented the paper in the National conference on the title “Flexible power Monitoring Using Zigbee Sensor Network” at RMK college of Engineering and Technology (2012).
Won 1st Position in the University “project competition” in second year.
Implant Training
Training on “Relays Circuit Breakers and Switch Gear Protection” from Advanced Training Institute, Govt. of India, Chennai.
Attended Advance Training for SIDEL High speed Blowing Machine “SBO-34-Matrix”
Attended Advance Maintenance Training for SIDEL Filler Machine.
Attended Advance Training for SIDEL Labeling Machine “R4F35-AMO”Hobbies
Training course for “OSHA” 29CFR 1910 General Standards Conducted by TAC
Strength
Self-motivated, Hardworking,with Pleasing personality
Declaration
I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge.
Place :Saudi Arabia Nizamuddin Rahmani
Date :(signature)

PHOTO

Contact this candidate
