
MD ATIK
Phone : +91-838*******,+91-999*******
E-Mail ID : adaf5g@r.postjobfree.com

Objective
To be a good technical sound by taking challenge with full responsibility and seeking a career in organization, so as to achieve professional and personal growth along with the organization.

Education

2016 : B.Tech. (Mechanical Engineering) from al-falah school of engineering & technology

2012 : Class 12th from BSEB Board, Bihar

2009 : Class 10th from BSEB Board, Bihar

Experience

Total Experience -3.5 years

Past Employment detail

Organization : consensus industrial solutions faridabad .

Designation : HVAC Engineer.

Period of Experience : May 2016 to,jun 2019

Projects:
1)Ircon Retail Mall (Sector43,Noida, UP.) Centralized Chilled Water System & Air Cold System– 900TR
2)kashmiri gate metro (Delhi Metro) Centralized Chilled Water System – 600TR
3)Uni tech;- Nirvana Country, Township,(Gurgaon, Haryana,) VRV System -42HP
4) Basement Ventilation (M3M, Gurgaon Haryana)

Job Profile:
Site execution works, especially ducting, AHU/FCU, DX unit and centralized chilled water piping including resource planning & monitoring.
Participating in weekly client meetings on progress and issues.
Manage and supervises the activities at the site on a day-to-day basis.
Safety and planning of site for safe and progressive work.
Obtaining approvals for all the materials & equipment’s needed for the project as per the specification.
Shop drawing preparation, submission to consultant for approvals and coordination with other services.
Material quantity take off, ordering, follow up with procurement department.
Maintaining central store for all the material to avoid damages.
Performed inspection & get approval by consultant for all the delivered material &equipment’s prior to use at site.
Review, organize & distribute contract documents (like drawings, specification, schedules, deadlines etc.) to project team, sub-contractor & vendors.
Raising inter-office memo, letters (to management, engineering, consultants) for all doubts, discrepancies in drawings, site with sub-contractor to minimize the obstructions at every stage of work.
Coordination & follow up with the purchase department for all material & equipment delivery schedules.
Monitoring & regular report of contractor progress & resources to ensure that the material is issued in timely manner & work is in line with the given deadline & budget.
Monitoring project manpower strength, allocation, and their tools &supervising them.
Monitoring all sub-contractors to prepare as built drawing prior to close false ceiling to get proper accessibility of each equipment for maintenance purpose.
Performing regular site walk-through with supervisors to ensure the site work is according to the project specification and company standards.
Providing administration project support during all phases of mechanical and HVAC construction
oto ensure project standards, budget, deadlines & communication is maintained.
Coordination with the other services at site to ensure smoothness in work.
Building commissioning activities such as air balancing for supply, return and fresh air circuit including reading airflow using balancing instruments.

Current Employment detail

Organization:HTL AIRCON PVT.LTD :DELHI

Designation: HVAC Projects Engineer

Period of Experience : JUN 2019 to till date.

Projects:

1)Cowork,( Aerocity,Delhi.), VRV projects – 14 HP

2)We-Work, Vi-John, (Gurgaon, Haryana) -14 HP VRV & Outfits Job.

Software/Computer Proficiency

Auto Cad
MS Office
MS word
MS Excel

Personal Details

Fathers Name : Md Atik
Mother Name : Nargis Banoo
Nationality : Indian
Marital status : Single
Strength : Full responsibility, willingness to work in team and team leader.
Permanent Address :House no.-P-56, Batla House, Jamia Nagar, Okhla,New Delhi
Pin Code -110025

Declaration

I confirm that the information provided by me is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Place: Delhi Md Atik

Contact this candidate
