
adaf2l@r.postjobfree.com 91-959******* Page *
R.DEEPAN
M.E.Structural Engineering
Email ID : adaf2l@r.postjobfree.com
Contact no: 91-959*******
OBJECTIVE:
A dynamic result oriented professional seeking a challenging career with an organization that where the culture and the core values provides an ideal platform to grow and outperform in Structural engineering domain and update myself by learning innovative techniques and varying specialization in structural engineering and grow along with the company.
KNOWLEDGE PORTFOLIO:
Ability to read and interpret engineering and architectural drawings and specifications, and produce structural designs, details and schedules.
Developed optimal designs for various structural members.
Good knowledge in resolving Design and Development problems.
Possessing good communication and Interpretation skills to liaise with the management and contractors and sub-contractors.
Familiar and having hands on experience in Structural analysis Design Software like STAAD Pro & AutoCAD.
Having hands on experience with projects that requires repair and rehabilitation with techniques like Carbon fiber strengthening and Under-pinning works.
Ability to apply technical knowledge in analyzing problems and creating solutions.
Able to work and communicate effectively within multidisciplinary teams.
Monitoring and Inspecting works performed by the contractors and ensuring smooth workflow communication happens within the team and the management.
Ensuring proper management of resources and the budget for the projects undertaken.
Good knowledge in making calculations about loads, stresses and Grade across various material flow and selecting the optimal and appropriate construction material based on the need.
Good knowledge and interest in all technical decisions related to structural matters including sub-structure and super-structure.
Good knowledge and ability to update day to day status and Weekly reports about the Project to the Management.
SOFTWARE PROFICIENCY:
Languages C
Structural Analysis Software STAAD.Pro
Design Software Auto CAD, REVIT
Operating Systems Windows XP, Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 10 Office Tools MS WORD, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, Lotus 123 JOB EXPERIENCE:
1 Designation : Planning and Design Engineer
Company : M/S Janav Constructions pvt Ltd Chennai
Experience : 2013 June to 2014 May
Role : Done planning analysis design and detailing of residential houses and Apartments, given detailed estimate cost and layout of commercial bank units, providing plans and drawings for interior layout and also for residential houses and apartments adaf2l@r.postjobfree.com 91-959******* Page 2
2 Designation: Design Engineer
Company : M/S Janav Constructions pvt Ltd Chennai
Experience : From 2016 June to March 2018
Role : Done analysis design and detailing of residential houses and Apartments, given Detailed drawing based on various Indian standard codes for various commercial and Institutional buildings.
3 Designation: Structural Engineer
Company : M/S Madurai ES Consultancy pvt Ltd, Madurai. Experience : Working as of from March - 2018
Role : Done structural analysis design and detailing of residential houses, Apartments, Hospitals, Industrial units like cold Storage, Rice mills, spinning mills, and other structures. Worked on repair and rehabilitation of existing structures. TRAINING EXPERIENCE:
Company: Modern Builders, Coimbatore (www.modernbuilders.com) Duration: 4 Weeks
Knowledge gained in Training:
Supported the Senior Engineers in Co-coordinating a multidisciplinary team in the construction site like Plumbing, Electrical, Wood Work, Flooring, water proofing, Painting and Interior Works.
Provided support to the senior engineers in assuring that the construction is done in full accordance with the drawings, technical specifications.
PROJECT PORTFOLIO
JOURNAL PUBLICATIONS / PAPER PRESENTATIONS/CERTIFICATIONS:
Presented poster under the title “Partial Replacement of Coarse aggregate by Marble Waste” in the National Level Technical Symposium “GEOFEST 12” conducted by Government College of Technology, Coimbatore
Completed Certifications on Revit Architecture, Revit Structure Autodesk, Staad-Pro Autodesk.
Certified English proficiency by scoring 7.5/9 in IELTS. ACADEMIC CREDENTIALS:
Master of Engineering (Structural Engineering), Bannari Amman Institute of Technology, Sathiyamangalam. CGPA: 7.58 Duration: 2014 to 2016
Bachelor of Engineering (Civil Engineering), Mepco Schlenk Engineering College,Sivakasi CGPA: 7.01 Duration: 2009 to 2013
HSC, KVS Matriculation Higher Secondary School, Virudhunagar. Percentage: 89.33 Duration: 2008 to 2009
SSLC, KVS Matriculation Higher Secondary School, Virudhunagar. Percentage: 80.72 Duration: 2006 to 2007
PERSONAL DETAILS
Date of Birth : 12th May 1992
Marital Status : Married
Nationality : Indian
Passport No. : L8085308
Address : 470, Pound Street, Virudhunagar,626001.

Contact this candidate
