
Professional Summary

Project Lead with **+ years of experience in Quality Assurance, Test design, Automation strategy, Test methodologies, project execution and talent management in Telecom OSS, Consumer Goods, HVAC domain. Worked on Agile and CMMi level 5 project processes.

Snapshot
Core competence
Quality Assurance, ITIL, OSS Testing, Testing methodologies (Regression, Functional, Stress, Stability, Compatibility, Performance, Val grind, Migration, Active Sync), JSP, Servlet, MySQL, HVAC testing.

Held positions with
10+ years of experience with Wipro Technologies, Johnson Controls, Inc.

Technical Skills
Process
Quality Assurance
Tools
Quality Center, Bugzilla, Clear Quest, Clear Case,TMS, CPEdit, LabRSS, RADIOCOMM, Active Sync, JAL, XFlash, iRemotePlus
Scripting
Java Script, Unix Shell, Perl, JIRA
Languages
JAVA, JSP and Servlet, Python, Selenium
Operating Systems
Linux, Unix (Solaris and HP-UX )
Database
MySQL
Telecom standards
GSM, GPRS,UMTS,iDEN
Scripting
Java Script, Unix Shell, Perl
Web Server
Tomcat and Apache

Work Summary
Effective in quality control and customer interaction.
Deliverable milestone planning, delivery tracking, and resource mapping as per Process, and Risk mitigation planning.
Extensive proficiency in OSS, Mobile applications, GSM, GPRS, iDEN Push To Talk, CDMA Networks, OSS and data centric wireless technologies like Bluetooth, IrDA, HVAC
Experience of Testing methodologies (Regression, Functional, Stress, Stability, Compatibility, Performance, Val grind, Migration, Active Sync),Java, JSP, Servlet, JavaScript, Tomcat,Mysql
Experience of writing Test Plan, Unit & Functional Test specifications, writing problem Reports in Bugs Tracking Tools and Peer review of test plans
Known for raising more number of quality bugs and performance issues.
Thrive in both independent and collaborative work environments. Quick learner, with an ability to rapidly achieve organizational integration, assimilates job requirements and employs new ideas, concepts, methods and technologies
Proven ability to always multitask to accomplish multiple assignments at the same time.
EDUCATION
Course
Institution
Board
Year of Passing
Percentage/ CGPA
Master of Science in Software Engineering
BITS, Pilani
Deemed University
2008
8.92/10 CGPA

BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS
Name
Umaya Kiruthika Balasubramaniam

DOB
02/05/1984

Education
Master of Science in Software Engineering ( 8.92/10 CGPA )

Address
Bollineni Hillside Township, Block 39-A 301,
Nookampalayam, Sithalapakkam, Chennai, Tamil Nadu
600126, India.

Status
Indian citizen

EXPERIENCE
Feb 2018- Current
Johnson Controls, Inc.
Project Lead
Project: Project Lead (Feb’18 – Mar’19)
Client: Johnson Controls, Inc.
Johnson Controls, Inc. is expert in HVAC systems. Tested VRF (Variable Refrigerant Flow) Gateway which acts as a gateway between HVAC system to Building automation system (BAS)
Role:
Defined and ensured Process compliance by team in all process areas.
Managed the daily stand-up, Sprint planning and Sprint Review
Weekly synch up with Customer on deliverables and issues faced
Tested and delivered Quality product to customer
Raised quality defects
Automated the test cases using Python and Selenium

Sep 2004 – Feb 2018 Wipro Technologies
Account Quality Manager
Project: Account Quality Manager (Jul’14 – May’16)
Client: British American Tobacco
British American Tobacco used ITIL for maintaining their operations. Includes Incident, Change and Problem management.
Role:
Defined and ensured Process compliance by team in all process areas.
Defined and documented new process and process changes as required.
Ensured Quality Assurance of deliverables
Conducted Internal Audits and Facilitate Customer/external audits
SLA performance monitoring was done
Reviewed Service Delivery Plan.
Highlighted process issues, third party dependencies to customer that impact service in a timely manner.
Developed process documentation and technical competency
Ensured process adherence and create awareness on customer process/policy
Reviewed all process changes and approve
Acted as a Single point of contact for any process related issue/escalation
Worked with Service Delivery Manager and Tower Leads to implement and drive consistency in process
Implemented independent ticket audit for Incident management tickets
Created PPM for improving total time to resolve incidents

Senior Test Engineer, Test Lead, Project Manager
Project: PLM ST Testing - Sun Solaris, Windows XP/2000, Java (Feb’09 – Jun’14)
Client: ERICSSON
Operations Support System for the Ericsson Radio and Core Network (OSS-RC) is used for centralized operation and maintenance of mobile networks. OSS RC can manage Radio - (GSM) and Core Network (GSM and WCDMA) nodes.
Role:
Currently leading the PLM Testing team
Made deliveries on time without any delay and maintained team spirit.
Involved in End to End System Testing, CR, TR verifications
Responsible for Performance and Configuration management product testing.
Groomed the new team members and helped them in solving the issues during execution.
Responsible for system upgrade and maintenance

Project Engineer
Project: NSN OSS – OSS4, OSS5.1, OSS5.1CDSET1 JAVA/WINDOWS/LINUX (Jul’07 – Feb’09)
Client: Nokia Siemens OSS
OSS5.1 program is designed to deliver NetAct OSS software on the Linux operating system. In this program/project old OSS4 NetAct software is ported to Linux. Some additional features like Migration and compatibility are supported majorly.OSS5.1 CD program is designed to deliver service packs on top of OSS5.1 NetAct. In these service packs additional features are delivered.
Role:
Involved in the CD releases for OSS4 project.
Involved in the migration of DB from OSS4 to OSS5.
Involved in the implementation of the new CR (Change Request).
Involved in Regression and functionality testing.
Involved in bug fixing.
Developed an assessment tool for maintaining the assessment repository and conduct assessments which is been currently used across the teams in the organization.
Developed the resource management tool to maintain the resource details with the team.

Test Engineer
Project: Motorola Synergy based phones testing - Synergy Platform
Open wave Browser, Java Apps, OTA Download (Apr’07 – Jun’07 )

Client: Motorola
Scope of this project was to test all these applications and validate them against Network Operators requirements.
Role:
Involved in Language testing (Spanish, Portuguese and French).
Maintain the MIDlets and provide support for the execution team testing those MIDlets. Testing mobile applications on Live iDEN network(Phone registered on iDEN network through EBTS).
Defect logging & tracking in Clear quest tool.
Issues resolution with development team at onsite and coordinating with them to reproduce the issues.
Coordinated with team for understanding the new areas like OTA DRM download using iFUN site, OTA Software update using iDAT.
Groomed the new team members and helped them in solving the issues during execution

Test Engineer
Project: Motorola Mobile Application testing WinCE 5.0 Platform
SMS, MMS, Browser, Media player, Camera, ActiveSync, Call Settings, Phone Settings, Bluetooth, Java apps, Games, Pocket Outlook, and Accessories (Aug ‘06–Mar ’07 )
Client: Motorola
Scope of the project is to test applications on Motorola 3G phone for US and European market
Role:
Responsible for test design, new test suite creation and documentation for applications to be tested in the Regression testing phase
Responsible for enhancing existing test case documents.
Involved in the Testing activities(functional testing, feature testing, non-functional testing, stress tests, memory tests, limit tests, stress tests, basic interaction testing)
Analyzed the logs from the phone using RadioComm
Assisted the technical lead in validating the issues reported by the team members and raising defects for the same.
Groomed the new team members and helped them in solving the issues during execution.
Maintained the inventory details in the tracking tool.
Stress testing was appreciated by the client for raising more low memory issues

Test Engineer
Project: Motorola Smart PHONE and Synergy phone Testing
MOSMS, MMS, Contacts, Datebook, Shortcuts, Voice record, Open wave Browser, Phone Settings, Java Apps, Profiles, Moto Talk, Camera, Multimedia Apps, Bluetooth, Private call, Group Call, SDGC(Selective Dynamic Group call, Push To View, Recent Calls, OTA Download DRM, Emergency calls, Language testing, Car Kit, Voice recognition, Accessories testing for PTT, Bluetooth, Car kit (Apr ‘05 – July ’06)
Client: Motorola
Scope of this project was to test all these applications and validate them against Network Operator’s requirements
Role:
Involved in the development of the Customer Supplied Material Tracking tool which was used by the team for Inventory tracking.
Testing mobile applications on Live iDEN network(Phone registered on iDEN network through EBTS)and on iREMOTE(Remote testing of phones through iREMOTE tool)
Performed feature and regression testing on areas like MMS,SMS,Pocket Outlook,SIM manager, PIE, Push to Talk, IrDA, Settings, Windows media player, Active Sync,Camcorder,Notifications,iDEN GSM mode switching, Security, DATA interaction, Trace mode.
Performed Stress testing on MMS application, Pocket Outlook and Storage
Defect logging & tracking in Clear quest tool.
Contributed in reviewing test cases documents
PR/CR Verifications
Issues resolution with development team at onsite and coordinating with them to reproduce the issues.
Maintained the inventory details in the tracking tool and tracked the details

AWARDS & ACHIEVEMENTS
Awarded the Feather In My Cap Award for Customer Supplier Tracking tool and raising more number of bugs
Awarded Prodigy Award for 1.exceptional contributions and innovations in the project 2.showing unexpected performance in terms of learning and delivering above Group Average, technical ramp-up, being able to handle things Independently 3. initiatives/innovations/significant contributions made
Awarded Titan award for team contribution
Awarded the Feather In My Cap Award for valuable contribution in PLM testing team.
Awarded Super Achiever’s award for team contribution and good CSAT rating.
Inspiring performance award was given for attention to details, customer connect and stakeholders
Mission Quality award was provided for meticulous reporting of the CSAT alerts and WHL for RCTG. These reports quality were top notch and were always delivered on Time
Awarded Please to work with award from delivery team for establishing professional connect from Quality perspective
Won Mission Quality has got Talent award
ITIL foundation certified
Awarded “Pat on the Back” for cracking a critical scenario faced in VRF systems at customer site

Contact this candidate
