
Praveen Batchu
Cell: 240-***-****
Email: adaft8@r.postjobfree.com

Objective:

With around 15+ years of experience in system Administration and Bigdata Administration, Designs Hadoop architecture, installs the system and reports on progress, seeking for a challenging career in Hadoop eco system and Systems with a progressive organization which will utilize my skills and experience.

Professional Summary:

CDH (Cloudera) hadoop administration or maintenance
Hortonworks HDP installation / support
Supporting Haodop (Bigdata) stack
Bigdata architecture planning
Both major and minor upgrades to the existing CDH cluster
Unix/Linux systems installation and configuration, mainly Red Hat Linux with advanced services, software and hardware raid, backup procedures and regular maintenance.
RF and Core Network planning to site selection, installation, commissioning.
Knowledge in Configuring Apache server 2.0, Mail Server, Samba Server, FTP server, SE Linux security, Kernel Performance Tuning and configuring Software RAID.
Configuring DNS servers / creating virtual hosts.
Working Experience on VMware ESX Server 3 and ESXi 4
Strong knowledge on DHCP / PXE Kickstart installation
Configuring Barracuda anti spam filter for both incoming and outgoing mails
Implementing Open SSH based security for the Redhat
Troubleshooting application server problems, connectivity issues, systems, DNS management, URL setup
Updating Redhat / fedora systems using RPM and yum
Installing Point to point connections (WAN), Establishing Point to multipoint
Experience in Installing RFS cables
IBM Tivoli Identity Management (ITIM, ITAM, WebSEAL)
WebLogic server maintenance
OPENTEXT CMS maintenance

Technical Skills

Hardware HP, DELL and Assembling of computers
Operating System: Redhat Linux, Fedora, Centos, Windows server 2003, Windows 2008, Windows XP
Directory 2000/2003, OpenLdap
Web servers Tomcat, JBOSS, Apache – Integration with Apache
E-Mail servers Zimbra collaborative suite, Qmail, Sendmail
Virtual computing VMWare ESXi 3.5 / 4
Monitoring Sysmon, MRTG, Nagios, Zenoss
Database MySql
Scripting Bash, Perl

Education:

Master of Science (MS-IT) from Stratford University
Bachelor of computer Applications (BCA) from Nagarjuna University

Certifications:

RHCE: Redhat certified System Engineer
Certificate number is 111-130-902
https://www.redhat.com/wapps/training/certification/verify.html?certNumber=111-130-902

Cloudera Certified Administrator for Apache Hadoop (CCAH)
Certificate number: 100-012-641
http://certification.cloudera.com/verify

Professional Experience:

Kaiser Permanente Oct 2018 - Present
Pleasonton, CA

Role: Lead Sr. Hadoop Administrator
Founded in 1945, Kaiser Permanente is recognized as one of America’s leading health care providers and not-for-profit health plans. Expert and caring medical teams are empowered and supported by industry-leading technology advances and tools for health promotion, disease prevention, state-of-the-art care delivery, and world-class chronic disease management.

Responsibilities:
Installing and configuring POC / DEV / TEST and Prod clusters
Support Informatica BDM environment integration with CDH
Supporting SAS environment connecting to CDH
Supporting Ansible environment for Hadoop clusters
SSL support for high availability
HAProxy setup for load balancing cloudera services.
Support offshore and onshore teams.
Cluster setup along with DR planning using datadomain
Supporting Trifacta, Arcadia installations and upgrades.
Solix common data platform archival tool, installation / upgrade / patching
Build new clusters for migrating existing CDH cluster.
Support Rstudio installation and modules support.
Support day to day operations.
Kafka cluster configuration along with sentry

Fishbowl, Inc, March 2016 - Aug 2018
Alexandria, VA

Role: Lead Senior Hadoop Administrator
Fishbowl helps restaurants leverage data to drive predictable sales growth. Fishbowl’s closed loop restaurant marketing SaaS platform is highly scalable and ingests data quickly from various sources, including email, SMS, social, online ordering, loyalty programs, reservations, and more

Responsibilities:
Installing and maintaining MAPR Platform
MCS upgrade
Configuring CLDB High availability
Applying Mapr patches – manual process and MCS automated process.
Upgrade MAPR 3.6 to 4.1
Supporting and configuring drill.
Performance tuning of Hadoop clusters and Hadoop MapReduce routines.
Installing / configuring Talend
Installing and managing linux servers
Supporting HBASE
Managing spacewalk for patch management for centos
Supporting physical hardware installations in DataCenter
Supporting migration of Hadoop cluster to AWS.
Supporting offshore and near shore hadoop developers.
Working with data delivery teams to setup new Hadoop users.
Setting up Linux users, setting up Kerberos

Fannie Mae, June 2015 – Feb 2016
Reston, VA

Role: Lead Senior Hadoop Administrator
Fannie Mae is supporting today's housing recovery and helping to build a sustainable housing finance system

Responsibilities:
Installing Hortonworks (HDP 2.3.2.3) stack
supporting knox
creating / supporting kafka ACLs
Supporting deployments in storm.
Creating HBase tables and supporting
Installing HDP cluster using blueprints
Rolling upgrade of HDP minor versions
Training new hires of the complete setup
Performing network IO activities using iperf
Collecting and aggregating large amounts of log data using Apache Flume and staging data in HDFS for further analysis Familiarity with network layout and setup
Rack configuration in Hadoop cluster based on Availability zones
Participated in development and execution of system and disaster recovery processes.
Operational support services relating to Hadoop infrastructure and application installation.
Configured security with Kerberos
Provide training and managing Hadoop team.

CACI International June 2013 – May 2015
Chantilly, VA

Role: Senior Hadoop / Linux Administrator (MIDAS – Obamacare project)
CACI provides information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers.

Responsibilities:
Fixing security audit changes on Linux servers
Supporting windows 2008 R2 servers
Cognos / SAS support for installation requests on Linux servers
Jboss-ews and jboss-eap maintenance and installation
CAS integration with AD jboss servers
AD integration with Linux
Java tuning / heap size settings for custom mapreduce jobs
Cloudera hadoop installation
Cloudera Hadoop Upgrade from 4.3 to 5.2.4
Cognos / informatica support
CDH5 tuning
Cloudera hadoop Operations support for day to day activities
Supporting Hadoop eco system with hive / sqoop / hue jobs
Implementing Kerberos for authorization
Content pump jobs from oracle to hive and hive to oracle
Support Erwin data modeler setup

National Education Association
Washington, DC Nov 2011- May 2013

Role: Senior Linux System Administrator
The National Education Association (NEA), the nation's largest professional employer organization, is committed to advancing the cause of public education.

Responsibilities:
Installing / configuring RHEL (Redhat Enterprise linux) 5.x, 6.x
Supporting WebLogic servers and deployments
Supporting VmWare installations
Preparing Operational Run books
Supporting OpenText CMS architecture
RedHat Package Management
Tomcat / JBOSS installation and support
IBM Tivoli Identity management services, hands on experience with installation of ITIM, ITAM, WebSeal and DB2 - Basic knowledge
Install / configure IBM WebSphere servers
Hands on experience on HP Data protector backup / restore utility
Search engine support of Verity and Google analytics
Installing / Supporting Jira / confluence
Supporting Linux environment for disaster recovery environment

Synacor,Inc
Buffalo, NY
June 2010 – Oct 2011

Role: Senior Linux System Administrator

Simply put, Synacor provides best of breed technology solutions designed to enhance ISPs’ relationships with their customers. As a global technology company, focused on providing innovative and flexible products, Synacor is supported by a wide variety of services and trusted technology.

Responsibilities:
Building / configuring Centos Systems using Kickstart
Centos environment with over 1000+ servers
Supporting day to day operations for the development team
Supporting VmWare installations
Monitoring servers on 24x7 basis on a shift turnover
Taking necessary actions as per the Groundwork (nagios) alerts
Supporting HP ILO software for 1000+ HP blade servers
Support LAMP environment
Installation / upgrading servers using PXE boot
Preparing Operational Run books
Supporting Heartbeat services
Installing / Supporting Jira / confluence
Supporting DNS servers
Taking care of all hardware related issues
Implementing OPENLDAP custom schema and support
Package Management
NIC Bonding, Multipath
Maintaining several environments using Puppet
Supporting VMWare esxi4.x
Disk Partitioning
LVM, NFS support

Hewlett Packard (HP)
Frisco, TX June 2008 – April 2010

Role: Linux System Administrator / Mail Server Administrator

Comcast is one of the biggest customer to HP hosting around 24 million email accounts which I am part of the team for managing such a big account. Around 1500 blade servers in network which is very huge for management and new technologies like Zimbra collaboration suite for data storage and Bizanga for SMTP / LMTP connections.

Responsibilities:
Customer support service calls through OVSD
Installation / upgrade ZCS (Zimbra collaboration suite)
Monitoring servers on 24x7 basis on a shift turnover
Taking necessary actions as per the nagios alerts
Responsible for Zimbra installations / configurations / monitoring
Responsible for LDAP queries modifications
Supporting E-Mail problems, customer queries
Monitoring of 1500 HP blade servers
Usage of Bugzilla for bugs tracking
Upgrade and Monitoring Bizanga servers used for IMTA / OMTA / QMTA
Supporting Redhat enterprise Linux 4 / 5
Support HBA for SAN admin
Installation / upgrading servers using PXE boot
Writing documented procedures for the work
Supporting windows 2003 servers
Supporting netbackup tool for backup / restore
Supporting clustering services
Patching Linux through RHN
Supporting SAN related queries on Linux

Benson Informatics ltd, Dar-es-salaam, Tanzania May 2004 – Dec 2007
Role: Wireless Network Administrator / Redhat Linux 3.0 / clients support

http://www.bol.co.tz
Pioneer of true wireless Broadband Internet service provider in Tanzania with first and only commissioned Nomadic Internet setup in Dar-es-Salaam and Arusha. With around five thousand customers.

Environment: Qmail servers, Navini system, Redhat Linux 3.0

Responsibilities:
Maintaining Qmail-servers, supporting over 3500 customers and their pc problems on Linux
Configuring of DNS services one master and other slave in different zones on Linux
Involved in configuring VPN servers. Establishing point to point Non Line of site (NLOS) from our towers located in different places all over the city to NOC.
Scheduling MySql backups as a part of system administration and restore into different system
Planning, Installing and sweeping RFS cables for Navini BTS.
Deployment of barracuda anti-spam and TrendMicro anti virus
Installation of BTSs in Arusha and Dar-es-salaam, Tanzania.
Installing windows 2000 server for EMS (Element management system) which monitors different BTSs from a single point of place
Configuration of Asterisk open source PBX system for the office use
Upgrading / refreshing / CPEs (customer premise equipments)
Establishing point to point links from sites to NOC which works as a Bridge
Establishing point to multipoint links from NOC to different clients / sites
Periodically taking backups of EMS server and restoring in backup server
Troubleshooting cisco switches at NOC and assigning vpn’s for each site
RF and Core Network planning to site selection, installation, commissioning.
Subscriber support to system maintenance and network optimization
Maintaining and configuring print server which serves around 6 printers from a single print server for different purposes at office.
Establishing VPN servers at clients place for there developments
Providing host-based system security using IDS.
Implementation and maintenance of Openssh.
Working on Ticket server and resolving the tickets on priority basis.

GHENSoft (INDIA) Private Limited, Hyderabad, India Oct 2001 – April 2004
Role: Network Administrator / System Administrator

http://www.ghen.net
GHENSoft is a software solutions company with a global outlook, most reliable support in Software Applications industry, 24/7, 365 days.

Environment: Linux server, network cabling and network setup

Responsibilities:
Involved in Setup of Systems LAN and Linux Server as FTP Server and Responsible for maintaining the LAN comprising of Windows XP/98/ME Servers and Clients.
Sendmail support for testing applications
Managing Redhat 9.0 for virtual hosting configurations and cobalt, plesk servers
Providing the Windows and Linux Connectivity using Samba. Maintaining and trouble shooting the Hardware problems.
Managing around 30+ computers LAN and their desktops software and hardware.
Configuring Tomcat server for JSP support on apache web server
Configuring apache web server on Redhat Linux server for sub domain support for developing applications
Installing / managing CVS (concurrent versions system) on Redhat 9.0
Setting up Mdaemon with 200+ clients.
Qmail server configuration from open source for the support of clients mailing lists and mails and using webmail as squirrelmail
Monitoring tools to check what services are down using open source tool like sysmon. Ecartis Mailing list configuration for different customers as per different types of requirements.
Maintaining and Configuring Virtual Hosts on different webservers.
Configuration of DNS servers located remotely and maintenance.
Configuring NFS server, NIS Server, CVS Server
Configuring VSS on Windows
Scheduling backups by rsync from hosting servers and mail servers to backup servers.

Contact this candidate
