
CESAR A. DELOS REYES JR.
Material Specialist III, Material Management
Mobile Number: +63-091********
Email: adaf55@r.postjobfree.com

Has more than Seventeen (17) years of working experience in different field of industry. Eleven (11) years’ experience in Oil and Gas Industry working as Material Specialist for various projects (performing Warehousing, Material Control & Planning) with Fluor Philippines Incorporated and Kellog, Brown & Root (KBR), Dubai, UAE,. Plus six (6) years additional experience in Manufacturing companies for Integrated Circuits, as Production Equipment Engineer.

SPECIFIC EXPERIENCE:

FLUOR DANIEL, INC. (PHILIPPINES)
JG SUMMIT OSBL EXPANSION PROJECT
Brgy. Simlong, Batangas City Philippines
Field Material Management
June 25, 2018 to Present

Site Material Control/Warehousing:
o Coordinate with the Logistics and Expeditor regarding shipment information for incoming materials.
o Properly plan Laydown and warehouse layout in preparation for the incoming materials, including system set up, documentation and procedures.
o Closely coordinate and work with warehouse manager to identify and create warehouse procedures and any documentation related to warehouse activities.
o Responsible for the receiving of materials and its issuance to the contractors in accordance with the construction priority and availability of engineering drawings.
oOrganize and plan warehouse locations for materials especially for those items that require special storage requirements.
oPrepare OS&D reports for items received with any Overage, shortage and Damage during delivery and inspection.
oPrepare site reports and perform other warehousing and Material Control related activities required by the project.

FLUOR DANIEL, INC. (PHILIPPINES)
KUWAIT NATIONAL PETROLEUM CORPORATION (KNPC) – AL ZOR PROJECT
BASED IN FLUOR NEW DELHI, INDIA
Material Planning
August 16, 2016 to May 31, 2018

Material Planning:
o Fully responsible for monitoring and maintaining material availability for Stick Built and Field Scope Materials.
o In conjunction with the Material Planning Functional Lead and the Material Planning & Control lead, sets up the MatMan Software planning modules and any other work front analysis tools required to accurately forecast material availability.
o Produces reports and analyzes the material reports for potential areas of concern. Raises these concerns with respective disciplines, procurement/planning management and construction to ensure swift mitigation plans are put into place. This includes working with material control to get material onto requisition, with procurement to place purchase orders, with expediting to expedite priority items.
o Provide assistance and support on the training activities initiated by the Planning Lead to enhance and develop Material Planning personnel here in Fluor New Delhi office.
oProvide Support to Field Material Management Team to support Construction with regards to Material Availability.

FLUOR DANIEL, INC. (PHILIPPINES)
RELIANCE INDUSTRIES LIMITED - J3 PROJECT- MUMBAI INDIA
Material Planning and Control
May 19, 2014 to Present

Material Requirement:
oResponsible in maintaining Material Requirements based on the Material take off of Isometrics (estimated 400k) and Spool drawings.
oMaintain close coordination with the clients and construction site personnel with regards to the drawing issuance status and requirements; manage and align the IFC Isometric and IFC Spools in MatMan.
Material Requisition:
oResponsible in creating Piping and Electrical material requisitions based on the requirements generated on the material take off.
oProperly Monitor, check and initiate material requisition status by coordinating with the buyers and expeditors.
Support Material Planning team and performs other material related responsibilities required by the project.

FLUOR DANIEL, INC. (PHILIPPINES)
DOW PROPANE DE-HYDROGENATION PROJECT
Material Controller
April 22, 2013 to May 19, 2014

Responsible in preparation of Valve Take Off from P&IDs for RFQ development and for PO releases.
Preparation of Bulk MTO(Material Take Off) data for estimating purposes, by using information and/or data from PDS, Plot plans, P&ID’s.
Careful review of the Material Management Control Level Schedule and regular review of the Document Tracking Record, to ensure that Piping Material Take Off activities and timing for Preparation of Requisitions are such that required at Site Dates can be met.
Initiation and maintenance of a Piping Bulk Material Take Off for Pipe, Fittings and Flanges. Validation, cross check, change control and maintenance in Material Manager software

PEC (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.
TOKUYAMA MALAYSIA POLY-CRYSTALINE SILICON MANUFACTURING PLANT PROJECT
Site Material Control Supervisor
September 2012 – December 2012

Identify the material’s that needs to be requisitioned based on the Isometric drawings and encode the same on the Material Management software.
In charge of all warehousing activities like receiving and issuing Materials for subcontractors.
Primary responsible on the Issuance of Piping materials such as but not limited to Pipes, Fittings, Flanges, and instruments, to sub-contractors.
Monitor, check and classify all the incoming and outgoing material based on the Material Requisitions
Assist field forces during construction, if required monitor material receivables at the job site and at the fabrication shop
Possess working knowledge of material control estimating, planning, and scheduling, as well as forecasting, budget, and deviation control and reporting
Possess working knowledge of and interpret Isometrics, P&IDs, other discipline drawings, and manufacturer’s catalog data
Become familiar with and understand material contingencies, logistics analysis, and material management functions.

FLUOR DANIEL, INC. (PHILIPPINES)
SANTOS GLNG PROJECT
Document Specialist
May 2011 to August 2012

Expedite document submissions from the vendor to maintain turnaround time and meet discipline deadlines.
Provides technical and administrative support for Project Document and Data Management (PDDM) activities on a project. Technical and administrative duties include, but are not limited to, electronic receipt, recording, tracking, reporting and disposition of related documentation in project document management and collaboration system. Other activities may include assisting with preparation of PDDM project activity plan, expediting supplier documentation, transmitting project deliverables, managing internal and external document review process, preparation and disposition of final client deliverables, assists with project close out.
Must be able to effectively communicate with external customers to resolve issues.
Insures timeliness of items needed for client requirements as well as maintaining backup documentation. Works with co-workers and other departments to insure deadlines are met and client goals are achieved
Performs somewhat complex PDDM duties and analytical tasks.
May coordinate the work activity and training of Associate I and II roles.
May participate in task force meetings.
May report directly to project engineering manager.
Perform any other duties as assigned.

KBR INTERNATIONAL, INC.
LOGISTICS CIVIL AUGMENTATION PROGRAM (LOGCAP) III
Field Material Specialist (Warehouse Management)
July 2008 to December 2010

Check, monitor and classify all the incoming and outgoing material requisitions to identify which are the items/Equipments need to be tagged using MARIAN system.
Download and print the corresponding purchase order of the received Material requisitions for the purpose of record keeping and references.
Extract other information’s from the database, warehouse records from MARIAN, SAP and other systems, for any change order or amendments of the purchase order.
Conduct technical inspections which includes, visual checking and verifying the technical specifications of various equipments and Properties over its purchase order.
Assigning each the corresponding GP (government property) Tag Number.
Daily co-ordination with the manager/supervisor. Maintain custodian account records and the document files.
Notifies Property Administrator of any lost, damaged, or destroyed property.
Close coordination with QA/QC inspector and O.S. & D personnel to ensure proper inspection of all the items needs to be inspected and items with OS & D issues must have clearance and acceptance prior to tagging.
Arrange the schedule and transport of all damage, wrong and return to vendor (RTV) items.
Make the necessary follow ups and monitoring to the vendor, regarding the delivery of the items stated at the Material requisitions and Purchase order.
Properly accomplished and filled up all necessary forms and log sheets needed, in connection with the conducted inspection.
Inform the warehouse personnel or the next department, after completing the necessary process required on my department.
Also verify the location of the equipments and ensuring exact locations are accurate for tracking purposes.
Update the company database. MARIAN, SAP and PSR regarding the status of the purchase order and materials requisitions.
Printing sticker labels and item description for the references of the camp site receiving personnel.
Close all files that are already completed and upload the same to the documentation system.
Perform year end inventories.
Generate a daily, weekly and monthly performance reports.

BEAUTY LEADERS L.L.C.
Service Engineer
July 28, 2007 to March 31, 2008

Performs semi-skilled and skilled tasks to operate, maintain, and repair the medical and beauty equipments distributed by the company.
Participates in the collection, tabulation and review of field data and other information.
Utilizes computers and related equipment for: documenting activities and preparing reports; and storing, retrieving and using digital information to operate, maintain, and repair the equipments.
Communicates directly with other engineers, technicians and other employees of the company and other agencies.
Learns and applies Standard Operating Procedures and responds to hazardous and unsafe conditions in a manner which provides for the safety of the clients.
Responds to supervisory instructions for the safe, effective, and efficient use of materials, tools, equipment required to operate and maintain the equipment.

PSI TECHNOLOGIES INCORPORATED.
Equipment Engineer
November 06, 2006 to July 3, 2007

Provides maintenance support to HP-Motion Control Production by performing its basic function on assign machines such as markers and lead trimmer/singulation/ former.
Check condition of machine and performs necessary repairs to prevent machine downtime.
Implements existing machine and parameters checks, maintenance and standard procedure.
Ensures conformance to manufacturer’s specification for efficient machine performance.
Ensure that machine in the line are in good operating condition and can go into production mode once required by production.
Conducts spare parts tool and die evaluation to determine the tool life necessary for cost reduction and searchers for better substitute.
Responsible for communicating daily activities in the line and other relevant information to the group with the objective of completing task at hand.
Responsible for improving one’s self in terms of machine familiarization and in effective maintenance, repair, and troubleshooting of the same.
Implements special projects to upgrade machine capability and productivity.
Observes safety measures in the work area.

POWERTECH TECHNOLOGY INCORPORATED.
Equipment Engineer
April 06, 2004 to March 22, 2006

Check condition of machine and performs necessary repairs to prevent machine downtime.
Implements existing machine and parameters checks, maintenance and standard procedure.
Practice safety and housekeeping procedure and see to it that work are kept clean at all times.
Conduct regular maintenance and repair of tooling that needs immediate action to lessen production down time and increase machine up time.
Interact with Line Maintenance regarding the performance of the problematic tooling and conduct necessary upgrading and modification.
Conduct periodic Preventive Maintenance on all DT,FS,DTFS tooling to ensure tooling availability and efficiency and to provide production with high yielding equipment and tooling at all times.
Performs other duties as may be assigned.

CHANTEK ELECTRONICS CO. LTD.,
Systems/Equipment Engineer
September 04, 2001 to December 5, 2003

Responsible in all system installations of the equipments fully operated and controlled by computers.
Perform system analysis, updates and error debugging to maintain machines running condition.
Prepares reports, manuals and drawings which will be needed for instructional and operational manuals for the equipment.
Performs any other task which will be needed by the job assigned.

TRAININGS AND SEMINARS ATTENDED:

SAP PROCUREMENT COURSE: KBR Middle East Procurement Center, Dubai UAE. August 2009.
CLIENT SERVICE EXCELLENCE: FDIP, Asian Star Building corner Asean Drive, Filinvest Corporate City, Alabang Muntinlupa City.

ONLINE COURSES REQUIRED:
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
Business Case for Diversity and Inclusion
Defining Global Workforce Diversity and Inclusion

ONLINE REQUIRED PROJECT EXECUTION CORE COURSES
Project Team Roles and Responsibilities
Baseline Centric Execution
Change Management – Delivering to the Baseline
Field Assignment Safety Guidelines
HSE Management System Overview
OSR Certification
Overview of Operating System Requirements

EDUCATION
Bachelor in Computer Data Processing Management
Polytechnic University of the Philippines
Taguig, Metro Manila, Philippines

Professional Licenses/Certifications
National Certificate level II for Pipefitting

Skype ID : Reyzumarie

Contact this candidate
