
Tedrick M. Rowe
214-***-****

Objective
To obtain a position with this company, that will enable me to use my leadership, inventory, and military supply chain skills. I have great communication skills, work well with others and excellent in math that will enhance property accountability throughout the management process. I am also proficient in inventory software databases and powered industrial equipment such as order picker, cherry picker, stand up, and forklifts.

PROFESSIONAL PROFILE SUMMARY
Eight years experience with increasing responsibility in the United States Army supply chain management career field. As a leader I effectively managed time, made responsible decision, detailed-oriented, strong organizational skills, and prioritize work effort. Taken collectively my individual and professional attributes provided a solid foundation to lead a team of twenty employees, and oversee an Iraqi small business of 300 host nation employees.

Work Experience

Sound Designs Studios
Administrative and Inventory Assistant 2018 to current
Booking appointments for equipment deliveries.
Utilizing customer service skills in informing potential customers about company equipment availability.
Utilizing administrative skills to draw up legal binding contracts for renters.
Responsible for making sure all team members time/attendance is turned in for payroll.
Monitors and maintains current inventory levels; processes purchasing orders as required; tracks orders and investigates problems.
Records purchases, maintains database, performs physical count of inventory, and reconciles actual stock count to computer-generated reports.
Processes and/or approves invoices for payment.
Processes and documents returns as required following established procedures.
Performs routine clerical duties, including data entry, answering telephones, and assisting customers

Romark Logistics
FREIGHT LEAD 2012-2018
Establish or monitor specific supply chain-based performance measurement systems.
Monitors and maintains current inventory levels; processes purchasing orders as required; tracks orders and investigates problems.
Records purchases, maintains database, performs physical count of inventory, and reconciles actual stock count to computer-generated reports.
Receives, unpacks, and delivers goods; re-stocks items as necessary; labels shelves.
Processes and/or approves invoices for payment.
Processes and documents returns as required following established procedures.
Performs routine clerical duties, including data entry, answering telephones, and assisting customers
May lead, guide, and train staff/student employees, interns, and/or volunteers performing related work; may participate in the recruitment of volunteers, as appropriate to the area of operation.
Create policies or procedures for employee goals and accomplishments daily.
Plan or implement material flow management systems to meet production requirements.
Responsible for having input on hiring and training all warehouse and stocking personnel
Obligated for making sure that all outbound/inbound orders were picked properly and shipped on time.
Developed warehouse safety policies that went along with local, state and federal labor laws. Making sure that all incoming product was checked into inventory and made available immediately.
Worked closely with owner and sales to help develop projection numbers that would affect shipping and receiving activities.

United States Postal Service
Distribution Clerk 2006 – 2010
Provide customer support to 500 or more customers daily.
Inspect and assist customers in mailing letters, parcels and packages.
Receive and process letters and parcels, and operate machinery.
Sell US Postal products, collect, and account for revenue.
Maintain ledger for sensitive products or products with cash value.

United States Army
Logistics Specialist Supply Sergeant 1999 – 2007
Assist in maintaining and accounting for 200 individual clothing records and operating the headquarters central issuing facility.
Conduct floor to record inventories for a Group Engineer Headquarters with total assets of 50 million dollars.
Receive, unload, count, and sort merchandise and materials using a pallet jack and forklift for day-to-day operations.
Inspect materials for defects reconcile quantities and resolve discrepancies with vendors before disbursal of military funding.
Issue equipment and complete necessary paper work, conduct inventory audits of daily supplies, weapons and high-dollar equipment on monthly, quarterly, or semi-annual basis or as needed.
Manage an Iraqi construction company with up to 300 local workers daily.

TECHNOLOGY SKILLS
Windows Operating Systems, Microsoft Word, Outlook Data Entry Terminal (PDT, Mainframe Terminal, etc), Email Software (Outlook, Thunderbird, etc), PERSONAL Computers, PowerPoint, Internet research and excel

Education

Cedar Valley College

University of North Texas Denton, TX

Contact this candidate
