
**** ******** **** 773-***-**** Pingree Grove, IL 60140
adagym@r.postjobfree.com

Samuel Jones, Jr.
Objective To obtain a position in an organization where I can make a vital contribution to the growth and success of the organization by using all the facets of my experience and education.
Summary Construction Manager with a broad experience in all aspects of managing construction projects including all accountability from business development to project closeout. Also has a strong knowledge of estimating, accounting, auditing, along with contract negotiations. Well-rounded experience base with a strong history of repeat client work in both lump sum as well as negotiated project delivery methods. Extensive and varied office and field experience in the business including responsibilities as Sr. Project Manager, Business Development, Estimating, and Field Engineer, with a clear focus on the fundamentals of projects completed on time, under budget, safely, and to the client's satisfaction.
Specialties Market segments of experience include retail, industrial, multi-unit housing, highway associated work, financial, non-profit organizations, corporate headquarters, hospitality, office interiors, and site development.

Experience Shawmut Design and Construction Chicago, IL
Senior Project Manager
2017 - Present

Business development and operations responsibilities include but are not limited to client solicitation and development as well as proposal preparation. Developed a contractor mentor protégée program to help support small contractors develop and thrive in the subcontractor market. Train new project management employees and inexperienced staff members. Project Management duties include but not limited to managing multiple projects in the following sectors: Education, Housing, Retail, Health Care, Restaurant, Theater, Office Fit out and Hospitality. Also, as a integral member of the Chicago start up office developed the subcontractor "Partner" network program for the Chicago market.

Bulley & Andrews Construction Chicago, IL
Senior Project Manager/Business Development
2016 – 2017

Business development responsibilities include client solicitation and development as well as proposal preparation. Developed a contractor mentor protégée program to help support small contractors develop and thrive in the subcontractor market. Train new project management employees and inexperienced staff members. Project Management duties include but not limited to managing multiple projects in the following sectors: Education, Housing, Retail, Health Care, Restaurant, Theater and Hospitality.

Vanir Constructors LLC Chicago, IL
Senior Manager – Chicago Operations (Startup Office), 2015-2016

Business development responsibilities include client solicitation and development as well as proposal preparation. Also coordinated the implementation of a streamlined document / data management and subcontractor solicitation process. Mentor new project management employees. The position includes full project executive responsibilities. Project Management duties include but not limited to managing work in the following sectors: Retail, Health Care, Restaurant, and Hospitality. Also, developed the subcontractor "Partner" network program for the Chicago market.

Powers and Sons Construction Gary, IN
Senior Project Manager/Business Development
2014-2015

Business development responsibilities include client solicitation and development as well as proposal preparation. Also managed the implementation of a streamlined document / data management and subcontractor solicitation process. Mentor new project management employees and inexperienced staff members. The position includes full project executive responsibilities. Project Management duties include but not limited to managing work in the following sectors: Banking, Housing, Retail, Health Care, Restaurant, Theater and Hospitality. Also, developed a subcontractor "Partner"
Network program for the Chicago market.

Lend Lease Chicago, IL Multi-Site Group - Team Leader/Procurement Manager
Project Manager II, 2012-2014

Responsibilities include the daily management, supervision, coordination and successful completion of construction projects to meet time and cost objectives with respect to contracting, scheduling, estimating, bidding and contract administration functions.
In addition coordinating 'road show’ events in various cities across the US to reach out and prequalify new subcontractors to work for our Multi-Site Group at Lend Lease, thus widening the firm’s pool of prequalified sub-consultants.

Developed a "Partner Network" selection process to be used as a standard across the entire business unit.

Worked with a team to develop a bid/buyout process to be centralized through the business.

Developed and implemented a "Unit-Rate" bidding process for GCs to streamline the process and minimize the time it takes to bid projects. Awarding on the "Unit-Rate" and "Bundling" method generated cost savings for the client while increasing our KPI margins.
Created and initiated a list of national vendors to provide various commodities to be used through multiple programs. Buying is bulk allowed my team to generate savings that could be passed to the client as well as minimizing our overhead.

Pepper Construction Company Chicago, IL Senior Project/Accounts Manager, 2007-2012 Project Manager, 2005-2007
Managed various construction projects ranging from $3,000 to $22MM.

Developed relationships with existing clients while creating new opportunities for repeat business in various market sectors.

Developed new clients.

Optimized various ways of minimizing change orders to the client while maximizing productivity and profits for the company. Using creative scheduling methods and various "Buy-Out" techniques during contract negotiations created the optimal opportunity for a successful project.

Prepare and process monthly pay requests, as well as issuing and processing change request.

Organize and coordinate meetings with community representatives in community-based projects. This was done while working closely with the community liaison to create a database of qualified applicants for job placement on various projects.

Coordinate final contract negotiations with sub-contractors on a one-to-one basis.

Organized an in-house task force of managers to address the needs and concerns of various employees and relayed them to the executive team.

Coordinate construction project/contracts including the procurement of materials, assignment of subcontractors, site visits and surveys.

Increase scheduling efficiency through the use of Sure-Track software for large and small projects.

Experienced in utilizing all Microsoft applications, and project management software to enhance project information.

Maintain daily logs and monthly reports highlighting project progress in addition to managing the profit and loss of any project.

Supervised superintendents, assistant project managers and labor forces on various projects.

Coordinated meetings with architects and clients during the preconstruction phase in an effort to maximize Value Engineering to bring projects within budget thus proceeding with the construction phase.

Coordinated construction projects/contracts including the procurement of materials, assignment of subcontractors, site visits and surveys.

Managed various retail "Rightsizing" store build outs over the years with various clients such as Macy's, Neiman Marcus, Polo/Ralph Lauren, Coach, Marshall Fields, and Mark Shale.
UBM, Inc. 1999-2005 Chicago, IL Project Manager
Assistant Project Manager, 1998-1999
Walsh Construction Company of Illinois Chicago, IL
Assistant Project Manager, 1991-1998
Education Tennessee State University Nashville, TN
B. S., Industrial Technology - Business, Productivity, Estimating
Graduated Cum Laude
Who's, Who in America
OSHA 30 Trained
Red Cross CPR Trained

Interests
Neighborhood Block Club - President
Little League Baseball - Jackie Robinson West
Model Railroading
Youth Minister
National Society of Black Engineers
Board of Directors - St. Leonard's Ministries
Workplace Mentoring.
Toastmasters
References available upon request

Project Experience:
Revantage 46 & 47 Floor Office Renovations - $13 Million
Chicago, Illinois
Senior Project Manager; Renovation of the existing 46th and 47th floor office space in Willis Tower to include work stations, offices, huddle rooms, wellness rooms, a Town Hall area various conference rooms. Also included an additional 47,000 sf added 5 weeks into a 14 week schedule on the 46th floor. The total square footage of this project came to 120,000. The key component here was that with the added scope of work the project still came in on schedule and under budget.
Oak Street Health Center - $1.4 Million
Chicago Heights, Illinois
Senior Project Manager; This negotiated contract included renovation of a 13,000 sf existing facility into a full service health facility. Other items that were included were: A new waiting area, exam rooms, labs, pharmacy and a functioning wellness / fitness center. The key component here was that completing this project one week in advance developed into not only a very happy client but provided the opportunity to develop this into a national program.
H & M – Ford City Mall – Chicago, Illinois $5 Million
Senior Project Manager; This $5 million negotiated contract included interior buildout construction of a 30,000 sf retail anchor store included a fully automated POS feature with functioning Credit and Debit Kiosks. We were able to reduce the schedule by nearly one month by identifying the long lead items during the preconstruction process. By doing this we allowed the client to make educated decisions regarding the availability of key components.

Highland Hospital - Acute Care Tower, Oakland California - $668 Million
Senior Construction Manager - The Acute Tower Replacement (ATR) Project, a $668-million 9 story design and construction job, providing continued healthcare services to the people of Alameda County. Completion of the ATR Project is anticipated in 2017. In addition to meeting seismic safety standards, the ATR project will allow Highland Hospital to provide healthcare in a new state-of-the-art building. I Modified and streamlined the Method of Procedure (MOP) process to enable the contractor to work within an active hospital environment with minimal impact to administrative operations. Also managed at team of 8 construction managers working within the ATR as well as associated projects within the facility. Coordinated weekly coordination meetings with the general contractors and hospital administrators. Managed and approved the various payment application and confirmed that they tied into the cost loaded scheduled that was previously submitted by the general contractor.
CHA Fannie Emmanuel Senior Housing – Interior Demolition - $22 Million
Senior Project Manager - This was a full interior demolition and asbestos abatement of the 180,000sf 20 story apartment complex. The scope of work also included the demolition and removal of all owner related materials such as furniture, doors, appliances and lawn equipment. Also part of the demolition process included MEP items such as rooftop units and exhaust fans. Also, the electrical switchgear, common area light fixtures, hot water boiler system and associated piping was removed as well. The 300ft concrete/asphalt turnaround area at the building’s entrance was demolished as well.

BMO Harris Bank – Loyola Branch - $3.4 Million
Senior Project Manager; This $3.4 million negotiated contract included interior buildout construction of a 8,000 sf full service branch facility that included an automated teller system with functioning ATMs. We were able to reduce the schedule by nearly one month by identifying the long lead items during the preconstruction process. By doing this we allowed the client to make educated decisions regarding the availability of key components.

Northwestern University – North Campus Parking Structure - $32 Million
Evanston, Illinois
Procurement Team Lead; Construction Management for this $32 Million 7-story parking structure on Northwestern University’s Evanston campus. The 523,426 sf. post-tensioned parking structure with curtain wall and limestone façade will offer 1,200 parking spaces, thus substantially increasing capacity for future campus development.
Citibank Rapid Response Renovation - $300 Million Budget
300 Locations
Procurement Team Lead; Design / Build services for the remodel and renovation of approximately 300 existing Citibank branches in select U.S. regions, throughout 18 states. Lend Lease is managing the overall construction process through to close-out, and is creating a program-wide workspace for the entire project team to utilize. Lend Lease is also managing the development of virtual as-built surveys, site-specific scopes of work, cost proposals, and the program’s construction documents. At each branch, the scope includes an initial site scoping survey, site scoping coordination, light interior demolition, and various renovations to the interior finishes. Total program budget was listed at $300 million.
Citi National On-Call Program - $207 Million Budget
Multiple Locations
Procurement Team Lead; Construction Management services for repeat client, Citi, for their 12 to 18-month National On-Call Program. The program was designed to expedite the construction and turnover of new Citi branches built in the US during 2011 and 2012, located within 11 states and Washington, DC. The scope of work at each site depends on client needs and design, but most include a gut renovation and remodel and/or built-to-suit construction of newly acquired spaces. Additional work may also include interior finishes and MEP upgrades. Total program budget was listed at $207 Million.
JPMorgan Chase Private Client - $42 Million Budget
35 Locations
Procurement Team Lead; Turnkey construction services for high profile branches in the Chicago and New York markets designed for high net worth financial services customers. Projects include high-end interior fit outs with a more sophisticated level of finishes than typical retail branch banks. Total program budget was listed at $42 Million.

JPMorgan Chase Mass Program - $217 Million Budget
185 Locations
Procurement Team Lead; Lend Lease is managing the JPMorgan Chase Mass Program, which involves a number of different project types throughout the country. The program covered 85 locations in 2012 alone. The project types include: retrofits (traditional full branch remodel); additional Sales Space Add (SSA) sites; American Disabilities Act (ADA) upgrades that include new vestibules, concrete ramp approaches and various internal elements; Self Service Banger (SSB) projects that include the installation of new modular teller lines with new automated self service banker ATMs; and downsizes that entail a major remodel to reduce the building’s footprint in order to give it back to landlords and decrease rent overhead for JPMorgan Chase. Total program budget was listed at $217 Million.
Burger King / Carrols LLC - $171 Million Budget
154 Locations
Procurement Team Lead; Construction Management and Consulting Services for Burger King’s 20/20 Program, also known as the Image Transformation Program (ITP). The program will result in the upgrade of existing Burger King Restaurants and the construction of new restaurants in select markets. As the Program / Project Manager, Lend Lease is responsible to for the renovation of 154 restaurants by the end of 2013 throughout the Midwest, Northeast and the Carolinas. The general scope of services and responsibilities include, but are not limited to, planning and site investigation, design management and approvals, procurement, construction and project closeout. Carrols LLC is the largest Burger King franchisee in the United States. Total program budget was listed at $171 Million.
Domino's Pizza Pilot Program - $210 Million Budget
Las Vegas, Nevada and Virginia Beach, Virginia
Procurement Team Lead; Construction Management and Program Management services for the new Domino’s Pizza pilot program. The scope of work included the tenant build-out for a new restaurant site in Las Vegas, which served as one of two test markets for Domino’s new prototypical brand image. The second location, in Virginia Beach, was a remodel of an existing free-standing location. Both sites will be scrutinized by Domino’s management and potentially rolled out at approximately 5,000 stores across the United States. Total program budget was listed at $210 Million
Provident St. Mel Warehouse and Parking Facility - $2.1 Million
Chicago, Illinois
Senior Project Manager; Project included tie-ins from the existing facility and storm water drainage system with bio-swale included. Enclosed security fencing with automatic gates and FOB system is included. Upgrades to the adjacent concrete sidewalks and curbs were also required. The base scope included a 5,000 sf 2 story warehouse with an attached 50 space parking facility. Total project cost was listed at $2.1 Million.
Lambda Chi Alpha Restroom Remodel and Kitchen Upgrades - $75,000
Evanston, Illinois
Senior Project Manager; Renovation of three restrooms that included an automatic exhaust system, automatic hand dryer, ceramic wall tile, lighting system, and refinishing of the terrazzo floor. Kitchen upgrades a long with new carpeting and base in all common areas. Total project cost was listed at $75,000
Queen of Heaven Cemetery Renovations - $1.2 Million
Hillside, Illinois
Senior Project Manager; Scope included Renovation of the restrooms and waiting are of the internal sacristy area. Complete demo of the existing areas and fixture upgrades along with new flooring, fire alarm strobe lights, electrical upgrades and plumbing line rerouting.

Black Ensemble Theater and Cultural Center - $18 Million
Chicago, Illinois
Senior Project Manager; 47,000 sf facility with administrative offices and auxiliary theater and parking garage constructed within an existing facility. Adjacent to the existing structure is the new 299 seat theater with a two story curtain wall and 7,500 sf green roof and patio space. LEED classification anticipated – Gold.
Lake Capital 34 & 39 Floor Office Renovations - $3 Million
Chicago, Illinois
Project Manager; Renovation of the existing 39th floor office space to include additional work stations, offices, and finished in a live working area. Also included a 15,000 sf interior office build out on the 34th floor.
Macy’s Woodfield Mall Rightsizing Remodel - $5.2 Million
Schaumburg, Illinois
Project Manager; the scope consisted of over 200,000 sf of existing floor space being renovated as well as coordinated department moves. Work included electrical fixtures, casework upgrades, wood, resilient, and carpeting replacement, painting, demolition and construction of a Starbucks restaurant.
Macy’s Department Moves and Upgrades of Various Retail Projects - $3,000 to $310,000
Various Locations
Senior Project Manager; This type of work was both hard bid and negotiated ranging from $3,000 to $310,000 for the following vendors: Macy’s Neiman Marcus, Mark Shale, Polo Ralph Lauren, Coach, Saks Fifth Avenue, F.A.O. Schwartz, NIKE, and Martha Stewart.

Art Institute of Chicago – Ferguson Wing Remodel - $410,000
Chicago, Illinois
Project Manager; this work was competitively bid and included the renovation of various offices, meeting rooms and exhibit floor space. This work included electrical upgrades, HVAC redesign and upgrades, finishes, and a “State Of The Art” security system.
LaSalle National Bank - $4 Million
New Lenox, Illinois
Project Manager; This negotiated contract included new construction of a 7,000 sf full service branch facility that included a four lane drive-thru area with functioning ATMs, a storm retention system along with landscaping irrigation.
Lawndale Christian Health Center - $14 Million
Chicago, Illinois
Project Manager; This negotiated contract included renovation of a 14,000 sf existing facility and the addition of 9,500 sf. of new construction. Other items that were included were: A new waiting area, exam rooms, labs, pharmacy and a functioning wellness / fitness center.
Cook County Forensics Facility - $2.7 Million
Chicago, Illinois
Project Manager; This competitive bid project included the renovation of an existing 12,000 sf space with the installation of an auxiliary generator, cooler, and sprayed-on full insulation system.
LaSalle National Bank - $2.9 Million
Chicago, Illinois
Project Manager; This negotiated contract included new construction of a 6,500 sf full service branch facility with a partial mezzanine and basement. Also, a three lane drive thru with functioning ATMs with a parking area was included as well.

Soft Sheen / Carson Products - $8 Million
Chicago, Illinois
Project Manager; This negotiated contract included the renovation of an existing 54,000 sf warehouse conversation into corporate office space that included a full service cafeteria, new parking area, elevators and an upgrade to the MEP systems.
House of Kicks Family Fun Center - $2.9 Million
Chicago, Illinois
Project Manager; This negotiated contract included the renovation and conversion of an existing 84,000 facility to an indoor amusement park with a precast and clerestory skin, elevators, new MEP systems, flooring and security cameras.
YMCA Child and Family Center – 1.2 Million
Chicago, Illinois
Project Manager; This competitive bid contract includes new construction of a 26,000 sf. two story cast-in-place concrete metal deck structure with a precast and masonry façade. Also included is a partial basement, health center, 150 space parking area and play area including landscaping and irrigation.
Stony Island Plaza - $12 Million
Chicago, Illinois
Assistant Project Manager; This negotiated contract includes new construction of a 70,000 sf Jewel Food Store along with two retail shops equaling 18,000 and 10,000 sf respectively. Also constructed were berms along with a parking area with 500 spaces, underground storm piping and utilities around an active “Wetland” system.
Cook County Hospital Parking Garage - $41 Million
Chicago, Illinois
Assistant Project Manager; this hard bid contract includes a 510,000 sf seven level post-tensioned concrete parking garage. Other items that are included are precast concrete panels, elevators, storefront systems misc. metals and MEP systems.
CHA – Brooks Homes - $19 Million
Chicago, Illinois
Assistant Project Manager; This competitive bid project includes the renovations of 132 two story townhouses in existing row house structural frames including structural and aesthetic enhancement of the building exteriors.
South Cobb Reclamation Facility Expansion - $37 Million
Austell, Georgia
Assistant Project Manager; this competitive bid project included the construction of a new process train (40MGD) adjacent to an existing plant once the new train is completed. Various existing buildings are to be modified for new purposes or rehabilitated with new equipment.
Blue Cross Blue Shield Office Building – Phase I - $220 Million
Chicago, Illinois
Project Manager; This negotiated contract includes 1.3 Million sf and 32 story build to suit corporate headquarters building including the interior build out. The portion that was under my supervision was the interior build out portion that included the following finishes: Flooring, Painting, Doors, Frames and Hardware.

Tolton Manor - $3.1 Million
Chicago, Illinois
Assistant Project Manager; This negotiated contract includes a new 70,352 sf masonry bearing precast structure that includes the build out of 81 apartment units for low income senior housing.

I-64 Soundwall - $17 Million
Norfolk Virginia
Assistant Project Manager; This competitive bid project involved the construction of 11 miles of precast sound absorptive sound wall as well as 900,000 sf widening of two bridge structures and associated grading and drainage improvements.

CTA Bus Facility - $21 Million
Chicago, Illinois
Project Engineer; this competitive bid project includes new construction of a 400,000 sf bus maintenance, storage and administrative office space.

Laflin Street System No. 4 - $21 Million
Chicago, Illinois
Project Engineer; This negotiated bid project include sewer improvements with manholes, appurtenances, new home tie-ins and surface restoration.

Hayes Manor - $2.7 Million
Chicago, Illinois
Project Engineer; this negotiated bid project includes new construction of a 43,500 sf masonry bearing precast structure. This 60 apartment unit six story building will be used for low income senior housing.

Churchview Manor Apartments (Phase One) $3.5 Million
Chicago, Illinois
Project Engineer; this negotiated bid includes new construction of a 56,000 sf masonry bearing precast structure. This 60 unit five story apartment building will be used for low income senior housing.

Cook County Jail – Men’s Dormitory Division IX - $27.4 Million
Chicago, Illinois
Project Engineer; This competitive bid contract includes new construction of a 325,000 sf maximum security jail dormitory building with recreational areas for basketball, volleyball, and a large gymnasium.

Contact this candidate
