
CURRICULUM VITAE

BISWAJIT CHAKRABORTY

Seeking suitable position in Instrumentation & Control System engineer with a reputed organization in the LNG, Oil and Gas, Refinery and Petrochemical domain.

PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS

A dynamic professional with over 23 years of affluent experience in Instrumentation & control system Development of Basic Engineering, Field Engineering, Installation & Commissioning, and Instrument Enhancements. Presently associated with Technip France ME, as a Sr. Commissioning Team Leader Instrumentation & control system. Possesses extensive experience in all aspect of instrumentation includes Engineering, commissioning and warranty maintenance. An effective communicator with excellent relationship management skills and strong analytical, problem solving & organizational abilities.

Knowledge Purview

CORE COMPETENCIES
Installation & Commissioning
Instrument Installing and commissioning as well as conducting tests & inspections to ensure operational effectiveness of plant & utilities.
Responsible for FAT, SAT, loop checking, Functional check & Commissioning activities in DCS, PLC & ESD Systems as a part of PMC Instrument Team. Carried out the functional test and commissioned the molecular sieve beads.
Pre-commissioning, Commissioning and testing of all installed instruments and control system.
Carried out loop checks and Function Checks for the 6 x 240 TPH MACCHI and MHI Boilers.
Revamping Project involved the commissioning activities including functional test, Instrument Loop check of various equipment’s during pre-commissioning, commissioning Hot and cold Transfer of the loops.
Responsible for loop checking, Functional check, Commissioning and Start-up activities for Reactor, incinerator, Heater all fire equipment as per NFPA regulation.
Carried out Function checks for Crack Gas Compressor (SIEMENS), for Propane and Ethylene Compressors (ELLIOT).
Having good commissioning experience of Gas Turbine, Steam Turbine and Multi-Stage Compressors Nuovo Pignone, Siemens, Mitsubishi Steam Turbine Compressor, Gas Turbine work with GE Mark - VI. Instrument Air Compressor, etc.
Supervising the marshalling cabinets cross wiring till FTA cards for the field signals simulate and testing the same in DCS.
Direct supervision to QA/QC instrument inspectors and pre-commissioning team in performing their duties, plan the orderly execution of company responsibility matrix
Familiars with Ciscom, Opercom, IDMS, Winpcs, Petropcs, CDMS, Maximo, MMMS & CMMS in different projects.
Responsibilities of Engineering Activities
As a Control and Instrumentation engineer with extensive working experience in oil and gas projects and developed well proven skills combined with a flexible attitude to work. The responsibilities include reviewing of Logics, Configurations, Function Test Procedures, Cause and Effect matrix and other relevant documents.
Following up with System Software Design modifications and Modification of Logic Typical and preparing as-built drawings as per the installation & commissioning and co-ordination with client.
Proficient working experience and thoroughly conversant with Instrumentation & Control Deliverables for all project phases, Field Design Engineering of Oil & Gas Facilities.
Extensive experience of Reviewing the Contract Specification, Preparation of TQs, Scope definition, Work procedures, handling kick off meeting
Preparation and Review of Instrumentation engineering deliverables;
Instrument Design basis, Instrument Index, I/O list, Technical specification for Instruments, Specification and Datasheets for Field Instruments/Control valves/On-Off Valves/PSV, Sizing and selection of control valves, flow elements etc.
Preparation of requisition for field instruments and ICSS, Technical Bid Evaluation of Vendors technical offers, TQs and Clarifications, Procurement supports
Review and design inputs to designers for preparation of Instrument/JB Location Plan, Cable tray layouts, Instrument Cable Block Diagram, Control/Rack room layout, Loop Wiring, Instrument Hook up, Level sketches, MTO generation and validation.
Participation in the P&ID review meetings, and Coordination with Various 3rd party vendors.
Coordination with intra-disciplines such as process, safety, piping, static/rotary, HVAC, electrical for various design input requirements
Vendor drawing review for package instrumentation.
Review of System Architecture diagram, GA drawing, Panel wiring drawing for DCS/ESD/F&G cabinets.
Reviewed Functional design specification for Control systems.
Participated in Factory Acceptance Test for Honeywell, Yokogawa, Foxboro, & Emerson Delta – V, DCS.
Carried out Site surveys for various instrument scopes of works.
Method statement, Risk assessment and JSA documents preparation.

Maintenance & Operations
Carry out preventive and routine maintenance schedules on all process units and in accordance with maintenance procedures.
Install, maintain or repair a variety of electronic and pneumatic instrumentations.
Test, calibrate and re-install repaired electronic and pneumatic instruments ensuring accuracy of operation and recording of data, both within a system or circuit, and in synchronization with others.
Study and propose enhancements to the control instrumentation and system to prevent obsolescence.
Experience on Field Instruments and Control Loops tuning, Preventive Maintenance, trouble-shooting, calibration in Oil & Gas industry / Refinery / Fertilizers / Petro-chemicals.
Worked as a lead of a team of Supervisor, technicians and fitters to get the instrument activities.
Worked on instruments (Vibration, temperature etc.) related to Compressors, Turbines, Feed Pumps, Heaters, Desalters, CRU, Separators, Boiler, Fractionators and check their permissive & shutdown interlocks. Assisted operation for start-up of the units.
Involved in modification of control system and loop configuration in running Plant for better performances. As per requirement of job.
Well Familiar with Calibrating Device like Druck DPI Calibrator, SFC, HART communicator, UNOMAT, Dead weight tester, Decade Box, Thermocouple calibrator.
Ensure all maintenance records are completed, including work orders, work reports and the maintenance log describing the fault, time, labour and materials used and the recorded values.
Experience in CMMS System
Performed data entry to the MAXIMO maintenance system & MMMS (Materials & Maintenance Management system) like work order activities, materials and spares, failure reports and manpower statistic & Handling Computerized Maintenance Management System (CMMS).
FAMILIARTY WITH PROCESS & CONTROL INSTRUMENTATION SYSTEM

Honeywell Experion C-200 Process Knowledge System (PKS),-DCS & TDC-3000 & TDC-3000X, Total distributed control system.
Foxboro I/A series, 6.2.1, -DCS.
Emerson Process Management Delta – V, DCS.
Fisher Rosemount – RS3, Distributed Control System.
Yokogawa centum CS -3000, -DCS.
Fail safe control system (FSC - Honeywell Safety Management Solution),
IPS Instrument Protective Systems, Triconex.
Triconex TMR ESD System.
Modicon Quantum- PLC system
Siemens, ABB, PLC.
Bently Nevada- 3500/3300 smart series for vibration and various types of rotating equipment monitoring by Trend master with Pro-Tim like vibration temperature and speed.

Professional Experience

COMMISSIONING & START-UP PROJECTS HANDLED

Qatar Gas Expansion PMP project Ras Laffan, Qatar.
With TCJV (Technip Chiyoda Joint Venture)
As a Sr. Instrument Commissioning and Start-up Team Leader since November 2013 to till date.
Qatar Gas Expansion project QG-2 Ras Laffan, Qatar.
Worked with CTJV (Chiyoda Technip Joint Venture) seconded from Cegelec, UAE. As a Commissioning and Start-up Team Leader since November 2007 to March 2009.
Qatar Gas Expansion project QG-3&4 Ras Laffan, Qatar.
As an Instrument Commissioning Team Leader with CTJV (Chiyoda Technip Joint Venture) seconded from Cegelec, UAE. From September 2009 to 31st March 2011.
Ras Laffan Olefin Company (RLOC) QATAR.
Worked with Technip seconded from Cegelec, UAE. As an Instrument Commissioning and Start-up Team Leader since April 2009 to August 2009.
TAKREER Refinery NCR & GASCO F & G Project Abu Dhabi.
With Cegelec, Abu Dhabi, UAE as a Sr. Project Engineer from April 2011 to July 2012.
BP (British Petroleum) ANADARKO & SONATRACH El-Merk-CPF & ISG Project, Algeria.
With Petrofac international Ltd Sharjah, UAE. Worked as a Sr. Commissioning Eng. Instrumentation & Control System from August 2012 to October 2013.

REVAMPING & COMMISSIONING PROJECTS HANDLED

Abu Dhabi Gas Industries Ltd. (GASCO) ABICS project (ASAB & BAB Integrated Control System), Abu Dhabi, UAE.
Worked with Cegelec Abu Dhabi as a Sr. Instrument Engineer from June 2005 to October 2007.
Petrochemical Industries Company (PIC)-Kuwait. Automation & Revamping project.
Worked with Cegelec Abu Dhabi as an Instrument Engineer for Construction Commissioning and Start-up activity since October 2003 to May 2005.

MAINTENANCE CONTRACTS HANDLED

Petrochemical Industries Company (PIC) - Kuwait. Ammonia & Urea plant.
Worked as an Instrument & Analyzer Foreman with UB Engineering Co. Ltd. From October 2001 to September 2003. Same time worked with TECHNIMONT Italy, for commissioning activity UREA Automation & Revamping project.

Kuwait Oil Company (KOC) Kuwait. Maintenance contract.
Worked as a Sr. Instrument Technician with Khalifa–Al–Dabbous Co. Kuwait their maintenance contract under KOC from September 2000 to September 2001.
Kuwait National Petroleum Company (KNPC) Mina Abdullah Refinery Kuwait. Maintenance contract.
Worked with SPIC-SMO as an Instrument Foreman from May 1995 to September 1999 with their maintenance contract under KNPC Mina Abdullah Refinery.
Worked materials data entry system, addition and deletion new and obsolescence materials.
ZIA Fertilizer Company Ltd.
Worked with ZIA Fertilizer Company as an Instrument Technician since February 1993 to April 1995 with their maintenance contract.

TRAININGS ATTENDED

Completed an Industrial attachment training organized by Khulna Goalpara Power House from Jul’92-Oct’92.
Attended in-house safety trainings conducted by KNPC (Kuwait National Petroleum Co.), KOC (Kuwait Oil Co.) PIC (Petrochemical Industries Company Kuwait). GASCO (Abu Dhabi Gas Company), BP (British Petroleum)-ANADARKO & SONATRACH Algeria, QG (Qatar Gas) and Hazardous Area, Work permit procedures (PTW),
Attended the training Fire Fighting & Evacuation Procedures, etc.

ACADEMIC CREDENTIALS

Bachelor of Electronics & Communication Engineering Degree.
Diploma in Power Technology with electronics & instrumentation.

IT SKILL SET

Diploma in Computer Application from the London Institute of Technology & Research under the National Institute, Kuwait.
Conversant with AUTOCAD.

PERSONAL DOSSIER
Nationality : Indian
Date of Birth : 15th January 1969
Local contact phone : +974-********
Email ID : adag5q@r.postjobfree.com
Marital Status : Married with one child.
Driving Licence, no : India -3439/08/BTH
Qatar- 269********
Languages Known : English, Arabic, Hindi & Bengali.
Reference :
1)Kaushik Chakravarty, QATAR GAS. Mob. +974-********.
2)Swapan Chakravorty, QATAR GAS. Mob. +974-********.
3)Kallal Kumar Bhattacharya. HOUSE OF TRADE & CONTRACTING CO., KUWAIT. Mob. +965-*******

Biswajit Chakraborty

Contact this candidate
