
SIDDIQALI RAJABDEEN
Current Position: Contracts Specialist, in
Gulf Drilling International, Qatar (A subsidiary of Qatar Petroleum) Mobile: +974-********; Email: adagqj@r.postjobfree.com;
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
An Engineering Graduate Professional with 17+ years of extensive experience spanning from Contracts & Commercial Administration, Procurement/ Supply Chain Management, Tendering & Estimation, Marketing, EPC etc., in the field of Oil & Gas, Energy Sector (Power Generation, Transmission & Distribution) and Industrial Projects.
Looking for a challenging career where my education, knowledge and experience can be utilized in excellent manner to develop my career and to contribute to the organization’s growth. KEY SKILLS & CORE COMPETENCIES
Good Business Acumen Drafting of Contracts with OEMs and sub-contractors
Strong Analytical, reasoning and problem solving Understanding of Contracts Law and Industry practices
Negotiation strategies Good Knowledge in turnkey EPC project practices
Planning, Organizing, Coordinating and Controlling Risk management, Claim management
Technical and good interpretational skills Excellent verbal & written Communication
Tendering, Contracts & Commercial Administration Task management and team management EDUCATION QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor of Engineering (BE) graduate degree in Electrical and Electronics Engineering (1997-2001) from a Reputed & Accredited Indian University (Madras University - Crescent Engineering College) with an aggregate categorized under First Class.
Diploma in EMBEDDED SOFTWARE SYSTEMS from EMCON-EMSYS Software Solutions Company, Chennai – India. TRAININGS / WORKSHOPS / CERTIFICATIONS
Certified Courses in “Contracts & Projects Management” (by Creative Management Consultant, UAE).
Certified Courses in “FIDIC Conditions of Contract” (by Creative Management Consultant, UAE).
Training on “Effective Cost Estimation & Budgeting” (by Dubai Institute of Business Management - DIBM, UAE).
Training on “Occupational Health & Safety Courses” and “Internal Auditing for ISO 9001” (by DIBM, UAE).
Training on “Effective Proposal & Business Writing Skills”, “Time & Material Management” (by DIBM, UAE).
Undergone various in-house training programs on Procurement, Contract & Project Management etc. COMPUTER LITERACY / IT SKILLS
Oracle ERP SCM Module (EBS & Cloud fusion), SAP, MS Office Suite, Project, Power Point, Auto CAD etc.,
Computer literacy including working knowledge of business software programs EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
1) Gulf Drilling International (GDI), Doha – Qatar (2016 – till date) Title: Contracts Specialist (Engineer)
GDI, a subsidiary of Qatar Petroleum, is World Class National Drilling Company, market leader in Qatar that focuses on providing safe, efficient & cost effective Onshore & Offshore Drilling, Liftboat and Jack-up Accommodation services. Key Roles & Responsibilities:
Responsible for all types of SERVICES and GOODS contracts and agreements of company needs with best value for money.
Provide expertise and practical assistance to all assigned Sponsoring/ End-user departments of the company in all tendering / contractual matters from inception of project till close-out of contracts (PRE & POST stage of Contract).
Takes the lead role in tendering & contracts activities such as; tenders strategies, selection of right price schedule & contract terms, ensure approval from appropriate authorities, pre-qualification of contractors, preparation & issuance of tenders and contracts, tender clarifications, site visits, modification of tender documents, bids evaluation based on pre-established evaluation criteria, clarification of bids, preparation of recommendations for award, award of contracts, signing and execution of contracts.
Liaises with all stakeholders for their queries/concerns, reviewing scope, schedules, etc.
Formulate tendering and contracting activities including comprehensive review of budget estimate, scope of work, specifications, other details received from various business units to evaluate any potential risks to the Company.
Assess commercial risks and consider appropriate risk mitigation solutions to prevent any potential impact on tender and contract delivery program.
Review scope of work and commercial documentations to ensure accuracy and compliance with regulatory and local standards.
Ensures quality control tender documents and releases the tender to approved /public bidders
Review of bids, conducts pre and post bid clarifications / meetings in coordination with concerned stake holders
Provide specialized expertise in tendering and contracting process ensuring latest financial, technical, commercial, QHSE standards are embedded in the documentation and providing specialist guidance to team members to ensure alignment.
Conduct contract cost analysis and monitor savings to support Company cost initiatives.
Conduct, monitor and support the improvement efficiency of systems and processes to enhance organizational performance.
Negotiate, prepare recommendation reports for management (Tender Committee, Board of Directors, etc) approval
Preparation of various type of contracts /price agreements (for short term and long term strategic agreements)
Contract administration & support to the end users
Contract Variations/Renewals and close outs by ensuring monitoring of valid contracts including participation in contract renewal and amendments discussions with stakeholders.
Assist coordination and compliance of the company’s Policy and Procedure to maximize performance. Well experienced with complete tendering & contracts process & procedures.
To participate in the cost optimization exercise periodically
Supporting Marketing team for Client Drilling contracts where necessary.
To ensure post contract administration activities such as; acquiring performance bonds and insurance policies from contractors, issuance of change orders, settlement of disputes and claims, review of supplier performance, etc.
Timely perform the other duties assigned by direct supervisor, comply & assist upgrade of company policy & procedures.
Key Achievements:
Successfully handled blockade situation with NO disturbance to Operations / Stakeholders by smooth transferring of all long-term contracts to alternate service providers promptly with minimal cost implication amid challenging blockade time.
Involved in tendering and awarded multiple high value contracts after processing rigorous & competitive tendering
(Catering Services US$ 120M, Onshore Rigmove and site preparation works US$ 50M, Various Shipyard services contracts US$ 20-25M,H2S services for Rigs US$ 5M, Rental agreements worth of US$ 3-5M, Manpower outsourcing contracts US$ 2M and various other Services and material supplies contracts worth of more than US$ 20M)
Involved in the Pre-qualification process of new potential players and awarded contracts to new alternate contractors and suppliers which has resulted and will yield HUGE cost savings to the Company in Short and long term
Being one of the cost optimization team members, successfully re-negotiated 180 valid long term contracts and managed to achieve recurring annual cost saving of US$ 4.5M (approx.. overall cost saving of 10%)
Involved in tendering and award of long term lease agreement to new land lord Al SALAM for GDI corporate head office building (at cheap rental rate per sqm) which brought an annual cost saving of US$ 2.4M
Awarded contracts to Oracle for migrating existing ERP –EBS to Cloud fusion licensing and implementation
Various price agreements for call off and consignment needs for OEM, Non OEMs, Subcontractors and Consultants.
GDI Core Team member in the transition of ERP “Oracle EBS module” to “Oracle Cloud Fusion module” with enhanced features.
2) Emirates Trading Agency (ETA ASCON Group) - Power Projects Division (PPD), Dubai - UAE (2002 - 2016) Title: Manager – Tendering & Contracts (2012 - 2016) Title: Senior Engineer – Tendering & Contracts (2007 - 2012) Title: Engineer – Tendering & Procurement (2004 - 2007) Title: Graduate Engineer Trainee – Tendering & Marketing (2002 - 2004) ETA is a subsidiary of Al Ghurair group of Companies and renowned EPC contractor in the field of EHV Transmission, Distribution, Power Generation and Desalination projects in MENA region with group annual turnover exceeding approx. USD 3 Billion and overall man-power more than 50,000. Joined as Graduate Engineer Trainee (GET) in ETA PPD and based on the merit and performance, I was promoted upto
“Manager” position within the span of 10 years. Nominated as Manager (Tendering & Contracts) in the “Central Tendering & Marketing Cell” which is responsible for ETA Power Project Divisions in various regions (MENA & India). Key Roles & Responsibilities:
Tendering:
As Tender In-charge, responsible to lead various engineers/ staffs & participate in overseas & domestic tenders for company’s EHV (upto 400kV) Overhead Transmission Lines (OHTL), Underground (UG) Cabling Works, Substations and industrial projects on turnkey EPC basis.
Identifying, risk assessment and reporting the opportunities to the management
Defining the bidding & execution strategies
Formation of partnerships with OEMs and Sub-contractors, preparation of scope/responsibility matrix
Drafting of Consortium Agreements, JVs, MOUs, Agency Agreements, etc. wherever required.
Comprehensive bid preparation including Study of tender document requirements
Obtain all necessary inputs from various stakeholders typically involving contributions from internal contracts, finance, projects, planning, engineering/design, commercial, QA/QC & HSE and legal team to prepare competitive bid
Prepare pre-bid clarifications & communicate to Client to understand the scope and specification without any ambiguities.
Attend pre-bid meeting & site visit organized by the Client/Consultant.
Generate Request for Quotations (RFQs) and obtain competitive offers from OEMs, Non OEMs and subcontractors.
Review offers and terms & conditions
Negotiate and select the best suppliers/sub-contractors meeting the tender requirements.
Prepare budgetary price for arranging tender bonds.
Estimation of material supply, manpower, direct & indirect costs
Review complete project cost estimate, building-up of tender price including markup in discussion with the senior management.
Ensures all costs are included in the final price to the customer & submission of the proposal as per the Client’s requirement.
Preparation and submission of all technical & commercial bid including support documents as per the Client’s requirement.
Development of competitive Proposal defining scope boundaries, terms & conditions
Respond to Client’s technical & commercial queries during post tender, including negotiation meeting to secure the project.
Attending Bid clarifications and follow up of Award of Contract
Handing over of award to the project team/stake holders Contracts & Procurement:
Responsible for Contracts & Procurement to support supply chain department and reporting to senior management
All aspects of Budget planning & cost control, Risk Management and Mitigation, etc.
Monitor the project cost, materials and manpower flow, cash flow.
Review contracts requirement including scope, terms & conditions, contract obligations forming prime contract documents.
Prepare Call for tenders ensuring company’s interest are well protected technically & commercially
Review & Finalize the Sub-work Orders for services & supplies, Settlement of Claims & Final Accounts with Suppliers and Subcontractors
Sorting out Variations, Time Extensions, project issues between the Company and the sub-contractors
Ensuring the work progress and addressing the concerns of Clients while maintaining the contractual rights of ETA in coordination with Project Management team
Driving the project jointly with Project Management for Project Close Out in co-ordination with stake holders
Attend meetings with the Consultant / Client / Suppliers and Sub-Contractors
Contract administration to ensure compliance with all contractual provisions, variations, claims including liaison with Legal as required
Prepare project budget/ JCA, cash flow and co-ordinate between projects & commercial team for arranging finance requirements (Guarantees, LCs, OD, insurance, etc).
Co-ordinate with various stake holders i.e., finance, insurance, logistics, commercial, QA/QC, legal, planning, suppliers/ subcontractors, etc to ensure successful completion of the project
Preserve Company’s rights and entitlements as provided in the contract.
Manage project insurances, submission, monitoring and settlement of insurance claims in accordance with policies.
Contract Management support to complete the project successfully within the agreed cost & time.
Support Planning & Project Management team in preparation of EOT claim documents for amicable settlements. Key Achievements:
Secured more than 3 Billion USD worth of tenders/ projects. Listed are the MAJOR WINNING BIDS & CONTRACTS worked: 700 M Dirhams Contract from Abu Dhabi Gas Liquefaction Co. (GASCO) for Plant electrical refurbishment works 1.5 Billion Dirhams Turnkey Contract from DEWA for 800 MW Aweer Power plant for consortium of Siemens and ETA 250 M Dirhams Contract from Aluminium Bahrain (ALBA) for Line 5 Power Distribution System (220kV S/S & Cable) 250 M Dirhams Contract from Saudi Electricity Company (SEC, WOA) for 3 nos. 110/ 33/13.8kV Substations Emirates Global Aluminium (EGA) for 20 nos. 11/0.4kV distribution stations and industrial electrical works. EGA for implementation of 132kV & 33kV harmonic filters to improve the efficiency & power quality of the end user. Various Underground Cabling / Overhead line projects on EPC basis for more than 4 Billion Dirhams (few listed below):
66kV Cabling & Substation works under Phase 8 & 11 Expansion project for KAHRAMAA (700kms cables & 3nos. S/S)
132kV Cabling works on turnkey EPC basis under various contracts for DEWA, Dubai (approx. 2,500kms)
400kV Cabling works on turnkey EPC basis along with PRYSMIAN Cables for TRANSCO, Abu Dhabi (100kms)
400kV OHL Contract with Hyundai (HDEC) consortium for MEW, UAE, for Emirates National Grid project (200kms)
400kV OHL Contracts for DEWA for Jebel Ali “L” Station in Alstom Consortium and Aweer 800MW Power Station in Siemens Consortium (100kms).
More than 100nos. 132KV, 220KV Substations of DEWA, TRANSCO, Nakheel, Meraas, DIB, Damac, DWTC, DP, DCA etc
Successful Pre-qualification of ETA in Qatar Petroleum, GASCO, ADGAS & ADCO, MEW Kuwait, OETC Oman, TNEB & KPTCL India.
Core team member for “Settlement of Disputes & Claims” from 2 major project clients (i) Falcon City of Wonders & (ii) DUBAL Kestrel project and DEWA/FEWA projects of ETA.
Have also worked as Project Coordinator / Expeditor during critical stage of Projects to ensure timely completion. 3. EMCON-EMSYS Software Solutions Company, Chennai – India (2001 – 2002) Title: Testing & Quality Control Engineer – Embedded Software Applications MAJOR CLIENTS, OEMS / VENDORS, CONSULTANTS AND SHIPYARDS dealt with
CLIENTS: QP, SHELL, QATARGAS, Maersk, Total, Oxy, ARAMCO, ADNOC, GASCO, ADCO, ADGAS, PDO, BAPCO, KAHRAMAA, ALBA, DEWA, ADWEA, FEWA, MEW-Kuwait/ Bahrain, SEC-KSA, OETC-Oman, EGA, etc & India/ Africa.
OEMs: NOV, Schlumberger, Cameron, SIEMENS, ABB, ALSTOM, GE, HYUNDAI, LS, TAIHAN, PRYSMIAN, NEXANS, J- Power, Mitsubushi, Hitachi, KEC, L&T, KPTL, MIDAL, NGK, MOSDORFER, etc.,
CONSULTANTS: McKinsey, Hay Group, Protiviti, Safety 24/7, Mott MacDonald, Fichtner, Lahmeyer, Tractebel S.A., SNC Lavalin, Energoproject, Energoconsult, etc.,
SHIPYARDS: Dubaidrydocks, NKOM, ASRY, Oman Dry-docks, Q-Con and Milaha.
Various Local and International Contractors/Suppliers/3rd Parties OVERSEAS BUSINESS TRIPS
Have travelled to various countries (S.Korea, KSA, UAE, Oman, Bahrain, Qatar, Kuwait, India etc.) for Techno- commercial meeting, contractual & commercial negotiation, tendering purpose, site visit and project progress meetings. PERSONAL STRENGTHS
Positive approach, Smart Working and Result oriented
Good Listener, Collaborative, Organized, Adaptable
Highly Self-motivated, Problem solver, Proactive, Strategizing, Planning and Implementation
Lean thinking and focusing on vital information
Good Interpersonal Relationships
Long term association with the company
PERSONAL DETAILS
Date of Birth : 16 December 1979
Languages Known : English, Tamil and Hindi
Marital Status : Married, having two daughters
Visa Status : Valid employment VISA in Qatar and Transferable Driving License : Qatar & UAE Licenses
REFERENCES : Available on Request

Contact this candidate
