
M.A.MOHAMMED FAYAZ DEEN
Email: **fayaz**gmail.com Mobile: +971*********
Career objective
Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) in Mechanical.
Having 2 Years Experience as a Mechanical Design Engineer.
Extensive Knowledge of designing of Gauge’s, Fixture, Hydraulic cylinders, Power presses.
Good in trouble shooting and overhauling of Gauges and Hydraulics cylinders. Key Skills
Good on Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerance (GD&T), DFM.
Reverse Engineering and FME.
Surface roughness symbols, Limits & Fits.
Understanding of 2D & 3D Assembly Drawing, BOM Creating.
Drawing Reading Skills
Software proficiency
AUTO CAD PTC CREO CATIA V5 SOLIDWORKS.
(Part, Assemble, Drawing)
Intermediate proficiency in Ansys, Inventor.
MS Office: Word, Excel, Spreadsheet and Power point. Organizational Experience
Job Profiles:
Total Experience : India: 2 years
Previous Employer : Wabco India Ltd.
Designation : Design Engineer.
Duration : From June 2018 to November 2018 (6 months) Role and Responsibilities:
Assigned to design a Gauge such as Diameter, Symmetry, Position, Receiver, Height, and Variable and Snap gauges.
Responsible for creating the Dimensional Drawings, Main Assembly Drawing, Part Drawings and the complete BOM for Gauges and Fixture.
In some special gauge have accuracy of 50 microns to 100 microns.
Assigned to selection of materials, Pneumatic Cylinders, pneumatic Valves.
Responsible to design compact and accurate gauge to analyze the components (Master Cylinder, Rotor, Compressor) and standardizing a tool drawing. Previous Employer : S.G.S Hydraulics
Designation : Design Engineer.
Duration : From May 2017 to May 2018 (1 Year)
Role and Responsibilities:
Responsible for complete design of Hydraulic Cylinder, Power Presses and Hydraulic power pack design.
Assigned with the responsibilities of creating the Dimensional Drawings, Main Assembly Drawing, Part Drawings and the complete Bill of Materials for Hydraulic Cylinder and Hydraulic Power Presses.
Responsible for tasks of analyzing the components to ensure design criteria and specific requirements.
Responsible for establishing the specifications for the material procurement. Main Project
Project Area : Automobile
Project Title : Design and analysis of Space Exploration Rover. Role of Project : Tilt angle of the rover was improved up to 50 degree for perfect stability Of the vehicle
Mini Project : Design and fabrication of Rocker bogie mechanism. Visa & Passport Details
Passport No : N5179300
PP Expiry Date : 09/12/2025
Visa Type : Visit Visa
Visa Expires : 06/03/2019
Academic Qualification
B.E. Mechanical with an aggregate of 70% from Kings College of Engineering (Anna University) Thanjavur, Year of passing 2017.
Higher Secondary with an aggregate of 63% from Maxwell Matric Higher Secondary School (State board of Tamilnadu) Thanjavur, Year of passing 2013.
Secondary school leaving certificate with an aggregate of 59% from Maxwell Matriculation School. Thanjavur, Year of passing 2011.
Personal Trait
Creative and logical.
Multitasking and Problem solving ability.
Co-operative and good observer.
Tolerance: Stress Tolerance.
Leadership.
Can grasp new concept as early as possible.
Personal Profile
Date of Birth : 26.07.1995
Gender : Male
Marital Status : Single
Languages Known : Tamil, English
Address : Deira, Dubai.
I hereby declare that all the details furnished here are true to the best of my knowledge. M.A.MOHAMMED FAYAZ DEEN

Contact this candidate
