
Elamin Mohamed
773-***-****
***** ***** ***, *** ****, IL 60453
adag77@r.postjobfree.com
773-***-****
Objective
I am a highly qualified and motivated chemical process engineer with 11 years of commercial chemical engineering experience who seeks career advancement within a dynamic organization.
Skills & Abilities
Certified Internal Auditor
PRMS (AS400)
Aspen Software
SAP R/3 Software
MS Project Software
MATLAB SOFTWARE
Laboratory Skills
Microsoft Office
Certified Lean Six Sigma
Experience
Quality Assurance Coordinator, Fresh Express-Streamwood, IL
April 2016-Present
Maintain systems to support and manage FSSC 22000 program, regulatory requirements, and applicable industry quality standards (i.e. FSSC. HACCP, GMP)
Oversee daily operations of food safety activities including system management, audits, document control, CAPA, and continuous improvement programs
Design, develop, and implement quality systems across the supply chain to identify critical quality parameters, appropriate verification/validation schemes and resulting business reporting capabilities
Continual research and identification of new technologies and processes to improve quality, as well as the ability to apply SPC concepts to reduce process variation, improve quality, and optimize cost.
Process Engineer, Engineering Institute of Technology-Chicago, IL
Sept 2014- April 2016
Training in chemical process engineering including process plant layout and piping design, Piping and Instrumentation Diagram (P&ID) and Process Flow Diagram (PFD).
Mass and energy balances and thermodynamics calculations, Fluid mechanics and process control instrumentations.
Heat transfer and materials& material specification for piping and equipment, Principles of mass transfer, pumps, and chemical kinetics.
Reactor design and piping system components, fitting, flanges, valves. Chemical process safety, responsibilities of individuals, responsibilities of supervisor, standard safety and regulations, chemical hazard and chemical safety data sheets, health and toxicity hazards, general safety practices, safe furnace firing, furnace lighting and shutdown.
Project Manager, Quad Management-Bolingbrook, IL
Feb 2009-Sept 2013
Accomplish project objectives by planning and evaluating project activities.
Achieve operational objectives by contributing information and recommendation to strategic plans and reviews; preparing and completing action plans; implementing production and productivity, quality, resolving problems, completing Audits, identifying trends, determine system improvements and implementing change.
Meets financial objectives by forecasting requirements; scheduling expenditures; analyzing variances, initiating corrective actions.
Developing budgets, coaching, supervision staffing, process improvement, tracking budget expenses, self-development, planning, performance management, inventory control, verbal communication.

Process/Project Engineer, Khartoum Petroleum Refinery-Sudan
Jan 2000-June 2008
POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES:
Coordination between maintenance, safety, and technical service departments to avoid loss of
production and ensure equipment reliability
* Unit Experience: Crude Distillation, Crystallization, Hydro Treating, Catalytic Reforming; Alkylation, Polymerization and FCC.
* Process Safety Management (PSM), Trouble Shooting, Commissioning, Startup &Shut Down, Material & Energy Balance, Process Flow Diagram (PFD) and Piping and Instrumentation Drawing (P&ID).
Monitor unit performance by tracking key process indicators (KPI’s) and key operating parameters (KOP’s)
Maintenance of performance tracking tools to include set point or target changes.
Basic troubleshooting and optimization of the process to address gaps identified through daily performance monitoring.
Interface with production engineering to: Optimize the current process using operational entitlement models. Implement advanced performance tracking tools. Implement new technology projects. Execute annual productivity plans. Escalate technical issues which are too complex to handle within the unit
Interface with process engineering to: Initiate projects to improve the process

Chemical Engineer, Arabic Company for Investment Vegetable Oil
May 1990-Oct 1993
Propose and implement projects to improve site reliability and process improvement (assess quality of the crude oil, indicate potential problem).
Supervise plant start-ups (pre-commissioning or/and commissioning), shutdown and emergencies as per the established operating procedures.
Managed operations for vegetable oil manufacturing from raw materials to finished products (including but not limited to milling, extraction using extrusion machines, refining, deodorization, bleaching, and hydrogenation)
Reviewed and revamped production lines to enhance production and efficiency
Trained and managed work routines for 50+ employees
Education
Micro Train – Chicago
April 2016
Illinois Institute of Technology – Chicago – MS in Chemical Engineering
May 1999
University of North London – England – MS in Polymer Science & Engineering
December 1996
University of Gezira – Sudan – BS in Chemical Engineering Technology
May 1990

Contact this candidate
