
CURRICULAM –VITAE

Mohd Aqib
S/o- Mr. Akhlaq Ahmad
Addres: 20 Futa Okhla Nagar, New Delhi Contact No. : +919*********
E-mail:- adag7p@r.postjobfree.com

Career Objective:

To find a good carrier in the field of HVAC and Mechanical Engineering where I can utilize and share my experiences, knowledge, skills which would enable me to grow while fulfilling organizational goals.

Summary:
I am a Bachelor in Mechanical Engineering from Shri Siddhi Vinayak Institute of Technology, Bareilly. Have experience as an operational management and have proven record of doing things in an innovative and effective way.

Key Specialization:
Heating/Cooling Load Calculation following E-20 ISHRAE/ASHRAE handbook and software, building survey and preparation of riser diagram for multi survey buildings.
Selection of indoor and outdoor units according to calclated CFM and TR.
Selection of diffuser, grill and gauge of GI Sheet, calculation of no. of GI Sheets required, selection of AHU after static pressure calculation.
Calculation of duct sizes, design & drafting of all types of split A/C and preparation of duct layout with supply and return diffusers, duct grill, slot diffusers with flexible connections for multi-storey buildings.
Estimation tendering & preparation of BOQ.
Pipe sizing for chiller with complete valve and fittings, pipe size calculation for chilled water circuit to AHU, cooling tower, calculation of pipe dia, by considering friction loss, pipe sizing for VRV/VRF.
Completed design and selection of extract fans, centrifugal blowers, axial flow fans, duct in line fans.
Selection of chillers, pipe sizing calculations cooling tower, pump with pump head calculation.
Personal skills:
Excellent communication and leadership skills.
Possess resource management, time & discipline management skills.
Attended various official meetings, conferences and other curricular events.
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment to set deadlines.
Excellent oral and written correspondence with an exceptional attention to detail.
Ability to cope up with different situations.
Ability to rapidly build relationship and set up trust.

Educational Qualifications:

Academic Records
Board
Year
Grade
Division
Remark
10th (High School)
CBSE
2012
A
I
Pass
12th (Intermediate)
CBSE
2015
A
I
Pass
B.tech (Mech. Engg.)
AKTU

2019
A
I
Pass

Experience/Training:
3 month of Training Certificate as Trainee Engineer with Micro Turners Private Limited.
45 days of training/certificate course as Dhanush Engg. Services Pvt Ltd.

Software Skills:
Microsoft applications (Word, Excel, Office, PowerPoint) – Advanced
AutoCad (HVAC drafting)
Duct Sizer, pipe sizer, E-20 and hvac softwares.
Internet Knowledge.
Auto Cad.
Good Typing Speed.

Languages Known:
Professionally Fluent in English.
Professionally Fluent in Hindi.
Professionally Fluent in Urdu.
Near-native command of Arabic.

Personal Details:
Date of Birth : 21/08/1997
Marital Status : Single Nationality/Religion : Indian Muslim /Islam
Interest & Hobbies: Administration, Public Relations, Managements, Social Working, Events Planning, Photography, Travelling,

DECLARATION
I do hereby declare that the above information is true to the best of my knowledge.

Place: New Delhi
Date: 03/Sep/2019 (Mohd Aqib)

Contact this candidate
