
CURRICULAM VITAE

RIYAS AHAMED M
SYSTEM ADMINISTRATOR

Email : adagxq@r.postjobfree.com
Skype : rismab1827
Kuwait No.: +965-********, +965-********
WhatsApp No.:+918*********

CAREER OBJECTIVE

Seeking a position to join a team of ambitious intellectuals, where I can apply my talents and timeless dedication to invoke my existing and acquired skills on innovative ideas. Be self-reliant in converting them into new concepts to reach the pinnacle of success that offers professional growth while being resourceful and flexible.

SUMMARY

A confident and reliable working with computers and resolving any support issues that are raised to the service desk.
In depth knowledge of Windows server operating system and configuring various windows Roles and Services such as Active Directory, DHCP, Group Policy, File And Printer Management.

ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:

Install and Configure and Maintain Active Directory, Working with Active Directory Users and Computers, Active Directory Sites and Services, Active Directory Domains and Trusts
Implementing specific Group Policies for each department based on management needs.
Install and configure DFS, FSMO, RODC-Migration from 2003 to 2008,RDP, RDP Gateway, WSUS Upstream and Downstream Server, NAP,
WDS Hyper-V, DRMS and Certificate Services
Install and Configure Site to Client VPN I & II, Site to Site VPN.
Configure and Maintain DNS, DHCP, NetBIOS, NAT, Packet Filtering
Disk management, File Permission, Profiles, Disk Quota, Shadow Copy, Backup & Restore
Network troubleshooting and testing with tools PING, TRACERT, TELNET, IP Config.
Configuring Outlook IMAP/POP
Execute basic to advanced systems administration tasks, including Active Directory Management, Storage Management, NTFS and File share permissions, Server Installation, Operation, Maintenance, etc.,
Install/load hardware & software for client/ server/storage/network devices, mobile devices, printers, digital senders, video teleconferences, VOIPs, and other standard office equipment and provide problem isolation, identification, diagnosis and resolution to HW & SW issues on all assigned equipment
Configuring and Troubleshooting Desktop / Notebook PCs, Printers, Scanner, Projectors
Manage IT system infrastructure and any related processes; complete infrastructure work as directed (running cable (fiber and copper), cable management desk side, in comms closets, and in server rooms, etc)
Getting assistance from seniors when problem for unresolved problems.
Help System Administrator in implementing Operating System & security patches across the desktops.
Development, documentation and promotion of best practice maintenance, troubleshooting procedures with respect to resolving incidents and problems user environment.
Troubleshoots computer and printer problems and coordinates with supervisor to get external support, if necessary.
Remote support of on-site engineers and end users during installation.
Remote troubleshooting and fault finding if issues occur upon initial installation.
Participate in or lead special projects and day to day operations as needed or assigned by the site lead, including surging to alternate locations for customer requirements
Document all work, incident status and solutions in incident database tools such as Remedy as directed, ensures completeness and accuracy of tickets, and escalate issues as need
Teach, train, mentor junior team members through sharing of technical expertise and/or experience.

WORKING EXPERIENCE:

Desktop Support Engineer and Windows Server Administrator in
Perwira Setia Technologies – Tamil Nadu, India from July 2016 to November 2018.

IT Support Engineer in Abdul Samad Marafi Sons General Trading & Shipping Co.-
Shuwaikh, Kuwait, from February 2019 to Present.

EDUCATION:

M.C.A from Mohamed Sathak College of Arts & Science,
Madras University, Chennai-119 with 71.75%

B.sc with (Information Technology) from Jamal Mohamed College,
Bharathidasan University, Trichy-20 with 62%
CERTIFICATION:

Microsoft Certification ID: 12942508
Microsoft Certified Solution Associate: (MCSA)

Certification Number: F600-0815 Achievement Date: Mar 03, 2016
Certification/Version: Windows Server 2012

Microsoft Certified Professional: (MCP)

Certification Number: F596-2569 Achievement Date: Feb 23, 2016
Certification/Version: Windows Server 2012

Completed in MCSE Course

Diploma Certification:

Diploma Computer Application
Diploma Hardware and Networking

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Computer Skill
Microsoft office complete package, Broad Knowledge of Internet and its application, Browsers,
Operating System
Windows XP, Vista, 7, 8, 8.1 and 10
Windows Server 2008, Windows Server 2012 R2.
Designing
Adobe Photoshop, Corel Visual Studio.

EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES:

Skipper of School and College Foot Ball, Cricket Team.
NSS Member in School Level
YRC Member in College Level
JAMCROP Activities

PERSONAL:

Name
Sex
: RIYAS AHAMED M
: Male
Marital Status
D.O.B
Visa Type
Civil ID

Nationality
: Single
: 18th October 1991
: 18 (Transferable)
: 291*********
Date of Expiry : 15th January 2020
: Indian
Passport Number
: Z3107538
Date of Issue : 09th March, 2015
Date of Expiry : 08th March, 2025
Religion
: Islam
Language
Address
: English, Tamil Native, Learning Arabic, Hindi.,
: Block 10, Street 10, Jabriya, Kuwait.

DECLARATION

I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

AUTHENTICALLY,
RIYAS AHAMED

Contact this candidate
