
Saira Zobair, MS, PMP
***** ****** **
Chantilly, VA 20152
703-***-****
adagjq@r.postjobfree.com

Summary of Qualification
Charismatic PMI certified program manager excelling in delivering business critical projects within the required time and budget. An accomplished and fluent communicator with strong planning, problem-solving and decision-making skills, combined with a pragmatic approach and sound business acumen. Able to build strong, sustainable relationships with internal and external stakeholders while maintaining highest ethical standards.

Qualification Highlights
Key Projects Managed
$39 million Facilities Services Branch mission to provide application migration, software development, maintenance and system support within Marine Corps Installation Command for over 45 FTEs.
$3.6 million WAVE infrastructure implementation and land mobile radio upgrade on Air Force network, including the teardown and restacking of 120-foot self-supporting radio tower
$1.2 million outside and inside plant telecommunications infrastructure deployment for 10 separate Air Force customers
Full life cycle of multiple SharePoint customization and integration solutions (web parts, work flows, forms) on U.S. Army NIPRnet and SIPRnet portals, serving over five thousand customers including SharePoint migration from MOSS 2007 to SharePoint Server 2010.

Life Cycle Project Management
Process Improvement
Systems Analysis
Business and IT Alignment
Resource Management
Proficient Communicator
Strategy Execution
Knowledge of Design and Dev
Collaborative Leader

Education and Training
Master of Science in Information Systems, University of Baltimore, Baltimore, Maryland, USA, December 2002
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, Marquette University, Milwaukee, Wisconsin, USA, May 1998

Certifications: Project Management Professional (PMI), CompTIA Security+, Microsoft SharePoint 2010 Configuration, Microsoft Office 2010 Specialist

Citizenship and Clearance
U.S. Citizen
Active US Secret Clearance

Professional Experience
22nd Century Technologies Inc. 09/2018 – current
McLean, VA
Contracts/Program Manager
Drive the program management for four main government agencies over a multi-million-dollar portfolio; FSB Marine Corps, National Institute of Health, IRS and Federal Bureau of Investigation. Ensure goals are met in areas including customer satisfaction, safety, quality and team member performance. Implement and manage changes and interventions to ensure project goals are achieved. Meet with stakeholders to make communication easy and transparent regarding project / task order issues and decisions on services. Produce accurate and timely reporting of program / task order status throughout its life cycle.
Direct and oversee contracts throughout their lifecycle to include full accountability for daily leadership and management of personnel and contracts, subcontracts, compliance, operations, serving as the liaison between company, employees and customer. Facilitated negotiations, recommendations, record keeping, monitoring and change management to be a smooth and streamlined process.

General Dynamics Information Technology 04/2017 – 07/2018
407th Expeditionary Communications Squadron – Al Jaber Air Force Base
Communications Project Manager/Site Lead
Direct and lead ten major telecommunications infrastructure projects. Produce timelines, coordinate project support agreements, and review engineering design documents.
As a site lead, manage a staff of 15 employees. Demonstrate knowledge of company’s mission, purpose, goals and the ability to help employees successfully achieve them. Adhere to rigorous standards for customer service, safety and security policies. Maintain healthy team dynamics and provide feedback to junior staff on performance.
Provide continuity for deployed USAF personnel on all projects and act as the focal point for all communications systems planning. Act as liaison with the base level Air Force personnel to support USAFCENT operational requirements.
Coordinate and facilitate communications installations for civil works authorizations and logistics, including analysis of CAD designs for inside communication infrastructure

Vectrus 09/2013 – 07/2016
KBOSSS – Camp Arifjan Kuwait
Project Manager/Team Lead
Managed full life cycle of multiple SharePoint projects on U.S. Army NIPRnet and SIPRnet portals serving over five thousand customers including SharePoint migration from MOSS 2007 to SharePoint Server 2010.
Implemented a project management framework including kick-off meeting minutes, requirements document, design document, change request form and test documents. Enforced the use of the formal procedure for gathering requirements and having customers sign-off on all documents before proceeding to the next phase of development.
Led the SharePoint Continuity Book project including documentation of all business processes, SharePoint Governance, Disaster Recovery Plan, SharePoint Topology and architecture.
Managed SQL Server Database migration project including impact analysis on customers, plan for migration of applications, testing of business-critical applications and production roll out.
Analyzed clients’ requirements by studying their business processes and functions. Developed requirements documents that can be used for detailed design specifications. Served as a bridge between customer and development team.
Managed change request and change control processes.
Conducted status meetings, created status reports and managed stakeholder expectations.

Gulf University of Science and Technology 09/2010 – 01/2013
Adjunct Professor for College of Computer Science and Management Information Systems
Mentored students to incorporate MIS skills such as business analysis, project management, client interaction, and team work in developing real life projects. Projects covered the systems analysis stage of the software development life cycle: problem definition, project planning, analysis and requirements gathering. Deliverables were RFI, RFP, final proposal, business requirements document, functional and non-functional requirements document, brainstorming documents and ER diagrams, flowcharts and workflow diagrams.
Created motivational coursework, lessons, and developed stimulating teaching strategies to engage students in an interactive learning process. Constantly challenged students, encouraged class participation and attendance, and motivated students to learn effectively.
Incorporated innovative techniques for higher-level learning and assisted students to develop information literacy and problem-solving skills.

Work History
Business Analyst and QA Manager, Agora Publishing, 2004 - 2008
Senior Analyst, Meridian KSI, 2006-2008
Software Engineer, PESystems, 2006-2007
Software Programmer, Society for Human Resource Management, 2001-2006
Software Engineer, Applied Data System, 2000-2001
Associate Software Engineer, Raytheon Systems Corporation, 1998-2000

Technical Summary
Languages: VB Script, PHP, Perl, ASP, ASP.NET, VB.NET, CGI, Cold Fusion, JavaScript, C, SQL, HTML, KML, CSS
UNIX (Linux, Solaris), MS-Windows (XP, Vista, 7, 8, Server R2 2008)
Relational Database Management Systems (Oracle, MySQL, Microsoft SQL Server)
Software: Jira, SharePoint 2007, SharePoint 2010, Maximo, Remedy, Vi, CVS, VSS, TOAD, Visio, Homesite, Apache Web Server, IIS, ClearCASE, Razor, Cold Fusion, OpalisRendevous, DDTS (Distributed Defect Tracking System), StarOffice, Stellent Content Management System, Cybercash, Site Executive Content Management System, Adobe Photoshop

Awards
USAF Commander’s Excellence Achievement Award
Vectrus Excellence Award
Vectrus Team Achievement Award
Who’s Who in American Universities Merit Award
Raytheon Team Achievement Award
Marquette University Academic Merit Scholarship
Marquette University Outstanding Academic Achievement Award

Contact this candidate
