
Nikhil Krishnan Page * of *
CURRICULUM VITAE
NAME : Nikhil Krishnan
DATE OF BIRTH
**-**-****
MOBILE No.
+974********
EMAIL ADDRESS
adag3l@r.postjobfree.com
NATIONALITY
Indian
PASSPORT NO:
P0245508
VISA STATUS
Licenses
Residence Visa Transferable
Valid Qatar & U.A.E Driving
Licences
CAREER OBJECTIVE
I am a Master's degree holder in Environmental Engineering and Bachelor's degree in Civil Engineering and Affiliated from GORD Qatar as GSAS CM CGP. I am Seeking a career that is challenging and interesting and lets me work on the leading areas of technology, a job that gives me opportunities to learn, innovate and enhance my skills and strengths in conjunction with company goals and objectives.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Environmental and Civil Engineer GSAS CM CGP: Begin Transporting & Contracting, Qatar (May 2019 – Till present)
Environmental Engineer/Sustainability Consultant GSAS CM CGP - Qatar Green Leaders (June 2018 – May 2019) Client: Supreme Committee for Delivery and Legacy for FIFA World Cup 2022.
Preparation of Construction Management and Environment compliance reports. Nikhil Krishnan Page 2 of 5
Sustainability Assessment for various GSAS (Global Sustainability Assessment Systems) -Construction Management Criterions.
Preparing documents needed for GSAS -Construction Management Criterions for Audit Submission.
Determining the peak construction period for all the construction stages for evaluation of the Peak period for Dust and Noise.
Collection of shreds of evidence required for the GSAS Construction Management Criterions.
Performing Environmental site inspections.
Monitor and assure that the contractor’s CGP and project will meet GSAS requirements GSAS Construction Management certification.
Coordinate, update and check Sustainability related Logs for compliance against site applicable standard.
Identify issues and risks linked to sustainability compliance of the works that need to be brought to the attention of senior management.
Maintain appropriate communication with the client's site discipline engineers on all sustainability-related issues.
Training the workforce including managers in GSAS categories. Environmental and Civil Engineer: Begin Transporting & Contracting, Qatar (March 2018
– June 2018)
Conducting and organizing safety induction to the site staff before the commencement of work.
Inspection of materials that have been delivered for installation and ensuring that installation is done as per the approved drawings.
Conducted site inspections on a pre-determined basis to ensure the on-going adherence to all applicable standards and regulations.
Co-ordination with Contractors, Labours, and Sub-Contractors.
Identify the risks, threats and the inconsistent areas that need improvement to upgrade the current safety standard.
Conducting Safety meetings and Toolbox talk.
Prepared reports, proposals, and other documents required by engineers, managers, and regulators.
Nikhil Krishnan Page 3 of 5
Weekly meeting with Main contractors to discuss Site progress.
Valuate the drawings which Submitted by the Main Contractors.
Documentation and preparation of the Compliance report. Environmental and Civil Engineer: Well Certified U.A.E (May 2017 – February 2018) Environmental and Civil Engineer: Creative Orbit Interiors U.A.E (March 2016 – December 2016)
Ensures effective implementation of Health, Safety, Security and Environmental systems and procedures in the workplace.
Provide training to new EHS coordinators.
Workers Welfare and Management Operation.
Conduct Meeting with Client, Sub-Contractor and Suppliers.
Support inspections, audits, and self-assessments
Audit operations for proper management of waste storage areas and record-keeping responsibilities.
Get the required approvals from Clients, Building Management and Governing bodies.
Check every raw material used in the plan and make sure that the environment is not polluted during the Construction.
PROJECTS HANDLED
Ras Abu Aboud Stadium FIFA WORLD CUP 2022 (Client: Supreme Committee for delivery and legacy. Contractor: H.B.K)
Qatar metro red line projects (Client: Ace Engineering)
JLT-Silver Tower (Client: Icon Petroleum)
JLT-Black Tower (Client: Monjaza)
Nikhil Krishnan Page 4 of 5
Dubai Science Park (Client: Centric Compound)
Sharjah Khalid port (Client: Orient Oil)
Hilton Resort (Client: Rostamani)
EDUCATION and CERTIFICATION
Masters/Post Graduate in Environmental Engineering from Vinayaka Mission College of Engineering.
Bachelors in Civil Engineering from Vinayaka Mission College of Engineering.
Qualified GSAS CM CGP (Global Sustainability Assessment System in Construction Management as Certified Green Professional) from GORD (Gulf Organization of research development) Valid until April 30, 2022.
Affiliated from Society of Engineers U.A.E.
KEY SKILLS
Good Knowledge in Outdoor Environment, Urban Consideration, Site, Management & Operation, Energy, Water, Materials, Socio-Cultural Dimension.
Good knowledge of Sustainable Construction Practices.
Good Knowledge in Health Safety and Environmental Inspection.
Good knowledge of Construction Safety.
Knowledge in Risk Assessment.
Good record on presentation.
Good interpersonal and communication skills.
Skilled in Microsoft Office and AutoCAD
Skilled in Construction management Sustainability Training.
Good Knowledge in Project Coordination
Nikhil Krishnan Page 5 of 5
TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Interpersonal skills
Multi-tasking
Easy adaptability
Excellent communication skills
LANGUAGES KNOWN:
Speak Read Write
English Excellent Excellent Excellent
Malayalam Excellent Excellent Excellent
Hindi Good Good Good
Tamil Good Good Good
DECLARATION
I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to the best of my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above particular. Nikhil Krishnan. A
Design Tools : AUTOCAD
Operating System : Microsoft Windows
Other Software ; Microsoft Office, ArcGIS
Personal Skills

Contact this candidate
