
RESUME

Anand Choubay
Address- Bank Colony New Area Surajganj

Itarsi District Hosangabad (m.p)

Contact Information: 968-***-****, 700*******

Email:-adag8e@r.postjobfree.com

INTRODUCTION :

Hello,

I am Anand Choubay a Electronics and Communication Engineer form Itarsi. I have done
my Engineering from Sagar Institute of Science and Technology College RGPV University Bhopal.
Ability to perform under pressure and produce excellence work. I does have weakness but I have
strength to overcome. About my family there are five members in my family including me. My
father is worker in FCI (food corporation of India) and mother is house wife. I have one elder sister
and small brother.

Career objective:
To purse a challenging career in field sales to reach my goals and have both inside.

duc
E ation qualification:

Bachlore of Engineering in Electronics and Communication form Sagar institute of science
•
and technology Bhopal in 2014.

NISM Certification.
•

Other qualification:
Knowledge of Microsoft word and Microsoft excel.
•

Software Skill.
•

Having knowledge of share market and stoke exchange and E learning products.
•

NISM level 1 and 2
•

Having knowledge of Trading and Investment strategy.
•
Having experience in inside sales.
•

Working Experience:
1. Currently working in Extramarks Education pvt ltd as “Buisness Developer”.

2. Worked in “CapitalAim Financial Privet ltd” as an “Relationship Manager”.

Description: New acquisition and team sales. Targets maintain spirits and boost
positive energy. Handing Client query and solve it. Believe in Ethical sales.

Other Duty: Chat support, email support and de mat handling ( Zerodha, Angel
broking, IIFL, Icici direct ect ).

3. Work at Capitalvia Global Research Privet ltd as an “Acquisition Manager”.

Description: Dealing with HNI Clint in various segments like Commodity and Equity.
Full fill their requirement with proper response and market knowledge. Upgrade and
cross sales product

Other Duties: Provide lead to Upstox ltd as Capitalvia having operation of Online
dematerialize account.

Personal Details:
Father’s name : Shri Ashok choubay

Date of Birth : 27 5 1992

Marital status : Unmarried

Languages known: Hindi & English

Nationality : Indian

Hobbies : Reading book, listening music, video game, all kind of sport etc.

Achievement:
Best Discipline award from previous Organization.
•

Hockey Team Captain in College.
•
Manager of the Month. ( January 2017, April 2017, Oct 2017, Jan 2018, Aug 2018 and
•
Sep 2018, April 2019)

Declaration: I hereby declare that all the above information is completely true and
correct to best of my knowledge and belief.

Reference:-

Date:- Signature

Contact this candidate
