
K.Saicharan
D.no:*-*/*
St: Mazeedhwada, E-Mail: adaglz@r.postjobfree.com
Manthani (Md) Manthani Krimnagar (DT), TS. Mobile: 994-***-****
832-***-****

A challenging opportunity in a reputed organization, with professional environment to utilize my knowledge and skills. Looking ahead to share my experience and contribute towards the company’s growth. To show high quality performance and successfully grow in the organization.

I have 3.2 years of Experience in Telecommunications mainly in I&C.
Worked as a Telecom GIS Engineer at CADSYS PVT LTD from December 2015 to Nov 2016( 1 Year)
Worked as a Samsung Site Engineer from December 2016 to November 2017( 1 Years)
Worked as a JIO Deployment Engineer Feb 2018 for July 2019 (1.5 Years)

I have to take care of BTS,MW,SMALL CELL,WIFI ROUTER Installation and commissioning
Responsible for I&C and Integration sites
Ensure all Network elements are deployed as per deployment template and standard configuration.
Responsible for carrying of new site Installation & commissioning of Hybrid for Transmission in Site
I have to take care of installation and commissioning of Different Models in NEC Microwave Antennas.
Develop yearly capital budget plan and manage changes
Develop hardware WiFi/GPS RF test plan, review WiFi/GPS RF performance test data and document into formal report
Perform failure analysis during development phase, troubleshoot field return issues
Provide guidance to RF team in ensuring consistency in planning policy for the region
Continue improving product quality and assess new WiFi/GPS RF chipset solutions
Upgrades Based network to IP based routing for NodeB’s
Lead ad-hoc trials aimed at improving LTE and VoLTE performance
Managing the Installation and commission of NEC Microwave Antenna.
Proper Earthling of All Equipment’s.
E1 routing and connectivity data for quicker restoration of sites during outages.
Doing night planned activities like traffic shifting & Site migration
Has good understanding of Network Engineering principles and techniques

.
Plan and coordinate system utilization and capacity, involving configuration and testing with vendor.
Responsible for advanced enterprise wireless LAN administration and design, mesh networks, and point-to-point and point-to-multipoint topologies.
Monitor, document, and control infrastructure performance for response, throughput, and availability.
Resolve escalated hardware and software issues related to LAN/WAN.
Identify opportunities and solutions for improving efficiencies with emerging technologies, including Cisco routers/switches and wireless systems.
Monitoring & troubleshooting site Integrations and Alarm clearance
Worked as Team Co-orindinator for Site quality Audits
Handled cisco router configurations
Implement and maintain Local/Wide Area Network.
Providing installation and upgrading services of hardware and software.
Implementation of virus detection and eradication procedures.
Diagnosing end user system failures and implementing repair solutions.
Diagnosing printer and other peripheral device failures and implementing repair solutions.
Configuring and troubleshooting network devices in order to ensure connectivity from the PC to the network
Setup and troubleshoot audio/video equipment such as projectors and video conference equipment.
Provided routing support including configuration and troubleshooting of various routers..
Manage and coordinate all infrastructure related moves, adds, and changes.
Troubleshoot Hardware, install and configure routers and switches.
Perform planning, testing, & evaluate new devices and troubleshooting.
Remote desktop connectivity applications like Teamviewer and windows native tools
Done RF survey for new sites and recommended for optimization
Involving in backend support of NMS visibility
Supporting for planning of OFC / wireless networks
Configuration and Troubleshooting of cisco, juniper Routers.
Configuration and Troubleshooting of L2 Switches (RAD,Techroute)
Configuration and Troubleshooting of Microwave Links,UBR Links
Updating and Maintenance history for Assets for (CSS in various systems like NE,GIS etc)
Coordinate with NOC team for Operations & Maintenance resolution of critical technical issues

Other Technical skills:
Ensure all Network elements are deployed as per deployment template and standard configuration template.
Configuring VPN routers o protocols.
Knowledge of implementing and troubleshooting Hipath real-time IP systems
Configuration of Ether-Channel using LACP Protocol in distribution and L2 – Switches
Establishing communication between same company at different locations
Monitoring, troubleshooting, Investigating, diagnosing and resolve all network problems.
Responsible for troubleshooting regional backend and network issues till node level
Providing Technical Support to Clients either through Remote Management on onsite

Graduation : B.Tech from JNTU (HYD), Mother Theresa College of Engineering
Intermediate : Intermediate from Pranavi Junior college (Manthani)
SSC : SSC (Secondary School Certificate) from Sadhana High School (Manthani)

IT Exposure:

Operating Systems : AutoCAD 2d, Windows Server 2012

Packages : Ms-office-2003, 2007. & 2010

Personal Profile :

Father’s name : K.Satyanarayana
Date of Birth : 02-May- 1992
Nationality : Indian
Marital status : Unmarried
Languages Known : English, Hindi and Telugu
Hobbies : Learning new things, reading, listening Music…
Personal Motto : Challenges keep a man Young forever.
I want to remain perpetually young, as I
Have a quest for excellence.

I hereby declare for the authenticity of the above-mentioned information.

Place:

Date:
(Sai charan.K)

CAREER OBJECTIVE
PROFILE SUMMARY
WORK EXPERIENCE
TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION
EDUCATIONAL QUALITICATION

EDUCATIONAL QUALITICATION

EDUCATIONAL QUALITICATION
IT EXPOSURE
PERSONAL PROFILE

Contact this candidate
