
TM ARAVIND RAJ
Email ID: adagmi@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile: +91-904*******
An accomplished Mechanical professional having career spanning about 3 years 2 months, with an established history of delivering high performance in key areas of Mechanical engineering field, data/system design and analysis and a broad range of project experience specializing. My ability to manage simultaneous tasks and forge long-term relationships with clients and functional groups has led to a successful track record in a wide variety of roles. Possess the analytical thinking abilities to meet objectives independently, and consistently meet deadlines within fast-paced environments.
Technical Summary
Having keenon knowledge in Mechanical Engineering field and developed Mechanical design using C++,CAD, CNC, Creo and Pro-e.
Valued contributor who performs confidently and effectively under pressure and thrives on challenge.
Enthusiastic learner who quickly grasps concepts and technical skills.
Excellent communicator and good listener.
Proactive attitude with excellent analytical, communication and inter-personnel skills.

Technical skills

Cad software
Pro-e
C++
Photoshop
Creo software
ANYSYS
CATIA

Education/ Professional Qualifications

MECHANICAL ENGINEERING (Bachelor of Engineering) from Professional Engineering College Anna University, Palladam, Tamil Nadu . (CGPA: 7.5)
Diploma in Automobile Engineering, Karpagam Polytechnic College, Tamil Nadu (77%).
SSLC, Chinmaya Vidhyalaya Higher Sec.School Palakkad, Kerala in 2008 (58.27%).

System Experience

System Assembling
Hardware Networking.
Academic Project Experience

I have been involved and implemented below projects during my academic career of Master of Technology

1)Two wheeler works on GAS Kit

The GAS KIT FOR TWO WHEELER Mechanical Mini Project has focused on the use of fuel in two stroke Gasoline engine. The goal of the project is to utilize non-conventional fuel and conventional fuel that has become expensive and insufficient today. This has resulted in less air pollution than conventional fuels which is better based on considerations of economic.
We have used LPG fuel system, two stroke vehicle, gasoline, and LPG in this project. LPG includes the adjustable regulator from storage tank with the transfer of valve present in the LPG cylinder.
LPG is abbreviated as Liquefied Petroleum Gas which is also known as bottled gas (or) Refinery gas. This is formed like a byproduct on bashing heavy crude oils or natural gas. The LPG is produced by bashing or dehydration of CNG (Compressed Natural Gas), desulphurised, or organic sulphide (Mercaptans).
2)Multi Nut Remover

Multi nut remover is a kit invented to reduce the effort and time in replacing the wheels of the vehicle. The plurality of lug nuts can be removed at one time without the usage of an electric motor or any hydraulic and pneumatic devices. The planetary shafts are arranged exactly in the pitch circle position of the lug nuts. This method can be used to remove any number of lug nuts but the design of gear varies according to the certain parameters like number of lug nuts, pitch circle diameter.
3)Design and optimization of Piston using ANSYS and CATIA software
Design, Analysis and optimization of piston which is stronger, lighter with minimum cost and with less time. Since the design and weight of the piston influence the engine performance. Study Design: Analysis of the stress distribution in the various parts of the piston to know the stresses due to the gas pressure and thermal variations using with Ansys. Methodology: The Piston of an engine is designed, analyzed and optimized by using graphics software. The CATIA V5R16, CAD software for performing the design phase and ANSYS 11.0 for analysis and optimization phases are used.
4)JCB India Ltd: Service Engineer Coimbatore Region
•Evaluates mechanical and electromechanical systems and products by designing and conducting research programs; applying principles of mechanics hydraulics, heat transfer, and materials.
•Confirms system and product capabilities by designing feasibility and testing methods; testing properties.
•Develops mechanical and electromechanical products by studying customer requirements; researching and testing manufacturing and assembly methods and materials; soliciting observations from operators.
•Develops manufacturing processes by designing and modifying equipment for fabricating, building, assembling, and installing components.
•Assures system and product quality by designing testing methods; testing finishedproduct and system capabilities; confirming fabrication, assembly, and installation processes.
•Prepares product reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing information and trends.
•Provides engineering information by answering questions and requests.
•Maintains product and company reputation by complying with government regulations.
•Keeps equipment operational by coordinating maintenance and repair services; following manufacturer's instructions and established procedures; requesting special services.

TRAINING EXPERIENCE

I). Organization Worked on : Ambal Motors Coimbatore (2013)
II) Railway Engine Department Locomotive shed

TRAINING SUMMARY
I have been trained six months in Ambal Motors (Maruthi Suzuki) at Coimbatore at the period of 2013. I’ve learned Technical experience with an established history of delivering high performance in key areas of technical support, Possess the analytical thinking abilities to meet objectives independently, and consistently meet deadlines within fast-paced environments.
I have rich experience in working with Ambal automobiles at Coimbatore based on technical knowledge.
Personal Information

Name : TM ARAVIND RAJ
Parents : Mr. TN Mohan Raj, Mrs. Suguna Mohan Raj.
Date of Birth : 17/ 08/1993.
Nationality : Indian.
Address : 17/263 Edayar Street, Tattamangalam. Palakkad, Kerala.
Languages : Conversational fluency in English, Tamil, Malayalam and Telugu.
Reading and written skills in English, Hindi, Tamil and Malayalam.
Interests : Reading books, Surfing, AUTOMOBILE.MECHANICAL

I hereby declare that above furnished details are true to the best of my knowledge and I hold myself liable for precedence, if any.

Place : Coimbatore. Yours Sincerely,
Date : (TM ARAVIND RAJ ).

Contact this candidate
