
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
VishnupriyaMurthi
*/****.*,*** ******
South bethel nagar,injambakkam
Chennai-600115
843-***-****/807-***-****
adaglv@r.postjobfree.com
CAREER OBJECTIVE
I am passionate to start my career as an junior biomedical engineer .To utilize my skills and abilities towards the growth of organization and thereby enhance my professional growth.After I gain 3 years of experience I want to be an senior biomedical engineer down the line.
EDUCATION
Course Institute Year of
PassingCGPA/Percentage
B.E(Biomedical) Agni college of technology,Anna
university,Tamilnadu 2019 7.4
HSC Manuelmony.Matriculation.Higher.Secondary.School, Palavakkam,Tamilnadu. 2015 82
SSLC Manuelmony.Matriculation.Higher.Secondary.School, Palavakkam,Tamilnadu. 2013 92.8
EXPERIENCE
Workshop
Siemens healtheenier
Attended lecture on Radio equipments.
Workshop
GE healthcare
Attended lecture on CT and MRI.
Internship
Shri Sathya Sai Hospital
Lecture on Radio equipmentsTrained on OT equipments,General medicine equipment,Radiological equipments,physiotherapy equipment and pathological equipments.
Workshop
ARDIOT,Arduino & Iot applications held at college of engineering,Guindy Trained to design application software's using Arduino. Workshop
Radikal medequip systems
Workshop on service and maintenance of critical care biomedical equipments. Workshop
Nirajan ultrasounds private limited
Hands on training to handle ultrasound equipments. Internship
PCB designing for industry ready engineer held by sunshiv electronics Trained to design PCB boards and designed working model of water level rise alarm indicator. Implant training
Uniq technologies
Trained on MATLAB and ARDIOT applications .
TECHNICAL SKILLS
MS windows and MS oﬃce
C
OOPS using c++
MATLAB
Visual basic
SQL server
Web programming
4 months
4 months
3 months
2 months
PROJECTS
GPS navigation with voice assistance and live tracking for visually impaired travelers. Voice navigation and GPS tracking in real time is of done for visually handicapped through this system and in case of emergency the message is send to their caretakers.
Segmentation of haemoarthrosis in hemophilic patients Categories the level of hemophilia through joint bleeding. Temperature logger
Designed to sense the temperature level in environmental using Arduino for various medical applications. Ticking bomb
Designed to alarm when there is a hike in water level. ACHIEVEMENTS & AWARDS
Presented paper on "GPS Navigation With Voice Assistance And Live Tracking for Visually Impaired Travellers "in IEEE International Conference held at Saveetha Engineering College.
Presented paper on "Smart Detective Curator" in International Conference held at Bharath institute of higher education and research. Presented paper on ”Smart lens locator” in National Conference held at SSN College of engineering. Presented paper on "Plastic surgery in artiﬁcial skin" in National level symposium held at Smk fomra college of engineering. Presented paper on "Deep brain stimulator" in National level symposium held at Jerusalem college. Completed prathamic,madhayama and rastrabasha with ﬁrst class Secured 30th rank in National level science talent examinations 2014 Awarded as outstanding student of academic year 2015 ACTIVITIES
Student coordinator of “Xavion 1.0 “our college symposium conducted in 2016. Class representative during school days for about 9 years. INTERESTS
Rehabilitation
Sales and Service
Application
PERSONAL STRENGTHS
Leadership
Problem solving and decision making
communicate effectively inside and outside the organization. Teamwork.
PERSONAL PROFILE
Date of Birth : 15/03/1997
Nationality : Indian
Known Languages : English,Tamil,Telugu,Hindi
Hobby : Singing
DECLARATION
I hereby declare that the information given above are true to my knowledge.

Contact this candidate
