
MOHAMMAD SADIQ KADIRI
Mobile: +966*********
Al Rehab, Azizia,
Jeddah. adagjh@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Summary:

Electrical Engineer with 10 years of professional experience and proven track record in handling large scale projects across India and Saudi Arabia.
My projects consist of high rise Hotel buildings, IT parks, research labs, hospitals and commercial complexes.
Many of my projects consist of latest construction technologies and safety standards.
Proven to be a resourceful leader who knows how to utilize team and bring out productivity out of them.
Skills and Abilities:
Identify and manage resources to achieve project requirements, onsite supervision, project completion and ensuring projects are undertaken in accordance with design briefs.
To handle upgradation of projects with ease and planning, some of projects handled are
King Faisal Speciality Hospital and Research Center ( KFSH&RC) in Jeddah, Al Keswah Holiday Inn Towers at Makkah with 5450 rooms which are renovated as per IHG standards, King Abdullah Third expansion of Holy Mosque and its surrounding areas in Makkah, IBM IRL lab in Bangalore, Commercial project Bharatiya City in Bangalore and many more fit out projects.
Preparing work schedules, bill of quantities, work control graphs, material takeoff reports, work inspection reports, material inspection reports.
To perform third party inspection of large scale projects and prepare system condition and recommended changes as per NEC, NEMA, NFPA standards.
Installation and maintenance of power distribution systems Main distribution panels, motor control centers, sub distribution panels etc., external and internal lighting system, distribution transformers, Generators (750KVA), RMU, LV switchgears, UG cabling systems, cable tray and trunking system, busbar trunking system.
Installation of First fix, second fix and final fix for Low current system like Fire Alarm system, Voice Evacuation system, Life Safety lighting control systems, CCTV system.
Procurement of engineering equipment, tools and materials within required safety standards.
To plan, analyze, direct, supervise and coordinate all engineering activities and capable of guiding a team of engineers and supervisors.
Conversant with international standards and codes of practice for electrical engineering,
Including British Standards, IEC, NEMA, NFPA & NEC Codes and Specifications

Educational Qualification:
Bachelor of Technology with First class in Electrical & Electronics Engineering from
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Anantapur, A.P., INDIA, 2009
Membership:
Member of SCE - Saudi Council of Engineers (212227)
Experience:
Total years of experience: 10 years

Work history in Gulf and India:
1.Currently working as Electrical Project Engineer at Zahrani Group:
Projects in Zahrani Group:
Electrical (LV and LC) Project of ICU and Pediatric block at King Faisal Specialist Hospital and Research Center, Jeddah (Dec 2018 to present).
Renovation and operation maintenance of Al Keswah Towers and Hotels (Holiday Inn Keswah) Makkah, with 5450 rooms in Tayseer, Makkah as per IHG standards,
Renovation and Fire stop works (HILTI) of Al Hidaya Towers electrical rooms in Azizia, Makkah.

Job Responsibilities:

To check quality and standards of the site installations and guide team for better productivity.
To install first, second and third fixtures for lighting system, power system, Cable routing system, Public Address systems, Fire Alarm system and CCTV as per the approved codes and standards.
To plan daily work activities at site and prepare material takeoffs required for the work.
Responsible for preparing method statements and completed construction documents.
Liaise with the client and consultants resolving all on-site and contractual problems.
To ensure safe working atmosphere at site for team.
Update daily work progress to project management team.
Supervise and provide technical assistance to the construction team as needed.
To prepare standard of procedures to complete the project with zero fatality and time delays.
To coordinate with client for new design modifications and specifications.
To prepare WIRs for the works and coordinate with QC team for the work approvals.
To study construction drawings and modify as per site conditions and client requirements with approval from consultants.
To train team of supervisors and technicians on work safety by arranging regular safety tool box meetings.
Propose new lighting designs and power distribution system, energy conservation plans as per standards.
Regular site visits and walk through with supervisors to inspect completed works.
Handing over completed floors to client after consultant approval.
Preparing handing over documents for completed towers.
Preparing daily, weekly and monthly work reports on work progress and forwarding same to project manager.
As operation and maintenance team I was responsible for the planned preventive maintenance of 5 towers with 30 floors each.
Proposed new technologies in energy conservation and implemented them in the property.
2.June 2014 to March 2016: Electrical Engineer at BTC Networks(SBG), KSA
Project: King Abdullah Bin Adul Aziz Project Third Saudi Expansion Of Holy Haram Makkah And Surrounding Area

Job Responsibilities:

Review of shop drawings and ensure that all site activities are conducted as per the standards, safety, shop drawings and specifications
Supervise and provide technical assistance to the construction team as needed.
Prepare the required project schedules, daily work progress report in coordination with site engineers.
Coordinate with technical office for updated shop drawings and site technical issues.
To maintain CCTV by checking installed media boxes and cameras for smooth running and perform troubleshooting with team if necessary.
To make sure construction site is safe as per safety standards to avoid any work hazard at site.
Plan, review construction activity on daily basis and coordinate with other engineering departments if required to ensure compliance with design drawings and specifications
Site Inspection and follow-up for the successful completion of different scope of works within the schedule periods and up to the project quality standards
Prepare work inspection reports for Installation works, inspect testing & commissioning works of ELV systems like CCTV and Public Addressing, Intercom, IPTV etc.
Regular meeting with construction manager and main contractor (SBG) at site and discuss work quality and site coordination issues.
Coordinate with project engineers and consultant for Work Inspection Requests.

Sept. 2009 to March 2014: Electrical Project Engineer at Nutech contractors and electrical systems Pvt. ltd, India.
Projects:
1.Ericsson India Pvt Ltd., Bangalore (Electrical interior project with supply and installation of LV system).
2.IBM International Research Lab, Bangalore (Electrical interior works, power distribution works, data center works, Home automation Phillips Dynalite, KNX systems)
3.Bharatiya City, Bangalore (Electrical works like supply and installation of transformers, cable trenches, concrete screed electrical works, Cable routing works, conduit works, panel board installations ).
4.TP Vision Pvt Ltd, Bangalore (Interior electrical works, power distribution works, supply and installation of panels, project management)
5.Mindtree software solutions, Bangalore (Interior turnkey project with supply and installation of electrical power distribution system, lighting system, automation system)
6.IBM India phase 2, Bangalore (Electrical interior works, power distribution works, project management)
7.Cognizant India Pvt Ltd, Bangalore (Electrical interior works, power distribution works, turnkey project)

Job Responsibilities:
Responsible for monitoring and checking electrical installations performed by site engineers to ensure its adherence to the drawings and specification.
Reading construction drawings and implementing works as per the approved drawings
Installation, Testing & commissioning of LV System and its equipment such as distribution panels, circuit breaker, Cable routing system, switchgears.
Ensure that all electrical site activities are conducted as per safety and as per shop drawings.
Preparation of material requisitions and material schedules at site and coordinating with project manager for the same.
Responsible to maintain stock at project stores and maintain the store as per the safety standards.
Responsible for preparing method statements and completed construction documents.
Liaise with clients and design department on installation details and design issues.
Handle the tasks of supporting senior level engineers in complex commissioning of electrical equipment
Co-ordinate with consultants regarding practical issues occurring during execution for clearances at site.

Personal Details:
Date of Birth : 21st may 1986
Nationality : Indian.
Religion : Islam.
Languages Known : Arabic, English, Hindi, Urdu, Telugu and Kannada
Passport Details : S8731864 issued at Jeddah.
Skype ID : mohammadsadiqkadiri
Iqama number : 237-***-****(Transferable)
Driving License : valid in Saudi Arabia

Date : 30-08-2019
Place : Jeddah, KSA.

Contact this candidate
