
ALIAKSEI TSYBULKA
adagde@r.postjobfree.com 469-***-****
SUMMARY
●Over 5 years of experience in Information Technology, in the field of Software Quality Assurance, experienced in Core Java, OOPS concepts.
●Experienced in designing and implementation of Various Frameworks using Selenium WebDriver.
●Strong knowledge of SDLC & STLC, its methodologies which are Waterfall and Agile with deep understanding of SCRUM.
●Developed and maintain Test scripts, analyzing bugs and interacting with development team members in fixing the defects and keep track of defects in defect suites.
●Expert in using test automation tools such as Selenium IDE/RC/Grid/WebDriver to develop testing scripts for Web Applications apps.
●Experience in the development of Data Driven, Keyword Driven and Hybrid Automation frameworks in Selenium.
●Good knowledge on Junit, TestNG framework for Unit testing, Maven for Project building tool, integrated the test suites to GitHub, used Jenkins & Bamboo for Continuous Integration.
●Developed Test Scripts to implement Test Cases, Test Scenarios, and features for BDD, TDD by using Cucumber.
●Created automated script for REST-API testing using Rest Assured framework using Selenium WebDriver.
●Experienced in designing and implementing different automation frameworks like DataDriven, Hybrid frameworks using Selenium WebDriver with Page Object Model (POM).
●Extensive experience in developing test scripts to implement test cases, test scenarios, and features for behavior driven development (BDD) using Cucumber.
●Designed and implemented step-definitions and feature files in Cucumber using BDD and Gherkin keywords (Given, When, Then, Background, Scenario, Scenario Outline).
●Experienced in designing TDD framework using TestNG and annotations (Before Test, Before Class, Before Method, After Test, After Class, After Method) to manipulate tests.
●Proficient in overall Defect Management/Problem solving including tracking bugs and reporting using Atlassian Jira.
●Professional expertise in Smoke Testing, User Acceptance Testing (UAT), Functional Testing, Positive/Negative Testing, System Testing, Regression Testing, GUI Software Testing, Ad-hoc Testing, Cross Browser/Cross Platform Testing, UI Validation.
●Used Git as code repository and its commands to manage code reviews.
●Experience on writing SQL queries to extract data from various source tables to perform database testing.
●Analyze the entire DataBase Tables and their entity to have an idea on which table is used for which data storage.
●Well versed with various testing stages/levels/phases, testing types, testing techniques and quality work products.
●Ability to work under pressure, adapt to new environment quickly, strong team player, good communication, excellent analytical and computation skills, sincere and committed, very detail oriented, critical thinker.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Testing Tools
Selenium IDE/WebDriver, Postman
Languages
Build & CICD Tools
JAVA, HTML, XML, SQL
Maven, Jenkins, Bamboo
Test Framework
Cucumber, JUnit, TestNG
IDE
Processes
Bug Tracking Tools
Version Control
Remote Repositories
DataBases
OS
Eclipse, NetBeans, SQL Developer
Agile/Scrum, Waterfall
JIRA, Quality Center (QC), HP ALM
GIT, SVN
GitHub, Bitbucket
MySQL, Oracle, MS Access
Windows (7, 8, 10), macOS
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Client: UBS Financial Services Inc, Weehawken, NJ
Role: QA Automation Engineer SEPTEMBER 2017 - PRESENT
Responsibilities:
●Experienced QA Automation Test Engineer with a strong knowledge specializing in Manual and Automation Testing of Web Applications.
●Working in a Scrum team, attending Daily Scrums, Sprint Planning and estimating efforts and identifying acceptance criteria for user stories, Sprint Retrospective.
●Responsible for writing and maintaining Selenium WebDriver scripts for regression and functional testing using data driven framework.
●Used core Java concepts that includes Collections, Exceptions handling extensively for coding business related activities.
●Developed new MAVEN based test scripts using GitHub as source repository and Jenkins for Continuous Integration of the builds.
●Developed Test Scripts to implement Test Cases, Test Scenarios, and features for BDD (Behavior Driven Development), TDD (Test Driven Development) using Cucumber.
●Implemented Junit test runner class to call test cases in Cucumber.
●Experience in implementing the Page Object Model (POM) by creating element for each page object and reused all the objects in various scripts.
●Used Junit runner classes in cucumber to generate step definition and used tags to run different kinds of test suites like smoke and regression.
●Performed Data Driven Testing by using Scenario Outline with Examples, Excel and Data Table.
●Developed feature files using Gherkin, step definitions using Java and Runner class using Junit.
●Developed several REST web services supporting both XML and JSON to perform tasks. REST web services leveraged by web applications.
●Set up Jenkins for scheduled automation test run and that will trigger Smoke Test script by receiving email.
●Developed and executed SQL queries to verify the proper insertion, deletion and updates into the Oracle supporting tables and cubes.
●Identified, reported and tracked defects by using JIRA.
●Used Git as code repository and Code Collaborator to manage code
reviews.
●Developed and ensured adherence to testing standards and best practices.
Environment: Selenium WebDriver, Java, Cucumber, Agile (Scrum), Maven, GitHub, Postman, JSON, Git, SQL Developer, Jira, HTML, XML, XPath, Eclipse, HTML, Windows 10, Jenkins.

Client: United Airlines, Chicago, IL
Role: Automation Tester AUGUST 2014 - JULY 2017
Responsibilities:
●Analyzed business requirements, documented business requirements specifications, wrote Test Plans, Test Cases.
●Worked with development team to understand technical design and architecture for test planning.
●Participated in Daily Scrum, Sprint Grooming, and Sprint Planning and sprint retrospective meetings.
●Drafted Test Plan which included testing objectives, testing phases, scenarios and test environment after a thorough analysis of the business rules.
●Experienced and knowledge in Core Java and Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) Concept, Data Structures and Exception handling concepts.
●Performed functional testing to identify various critical points in the application and automated it by using Selenium Web-Driver with TestNG.
●Executed Manual and Automation Testing of Web Applications and Client Server Applications. Verifying the resolution of all defects for an assigned project.
●Used Maven to build and run the Selenium automation framework. After execution of script is done, framework used to send the automation reports over email.
●Able to use different browsers, environments like Google Chrome, FireFox and Internet Explorer with Selenium Web Driver to execute scripts.
●Utilized many locators such as CSS selectors, XPaths, ID, TagName and so on to locate elements on Web pages.
●Experience in the development of Data Driven, Keyword Driven and Hybrid Automation frameworks in Selenium.
●Used Apache POI methods for read/write from/to MS Excel sheets in Java.
●Involved in the Continuous Integration and Deployment of the automation framework with Jenkins.
●Performed back end testing on Oracle database by writing SQL queries.
●Attend the BRI (Business Requirement Identification) meeting to
understand the business Requirements.
●Interacted closely with developers regarding defects, participated in tracking, reviewing and analyzing bugs.
Environment: Java, MS Excel, Selenium WebDriver, Agile(Scrum), GitHub, TestNG, Maven, Git, MySQL, Jira, HTML, XPath, Eclipse, XML.
\

Contact this candidate
