
MOHAMMED TAQUIUDDIN
Electrical Engineer

OBJECTIVE:

Seeking a challenging career in a leading company as my engineer, that matches my field of
Interest in electric design engineering, where my abilities and skills can be developed and Knowledge can be applied.

PERSONAL DATA:

Mobile :
+966*********
E-mail :
adagy5@r.postjobfree.com
Date of Birth :
Jun 25th, 1992.
Nationality :
Indian.
Address :
Hyderabad.
Marital Status :
Married.

EDUCATION:

Bachelor Degree :
Electrical and Electronics Engineering.
University :
Sun Rise University.
Graduation Year : July 2016.
SPOKEN LANGUAGES:

English : Excellent
Hindi : Excellent.
Arabic : Good

JOB EXPERIENCES:

1) Al-Energy Systems, Engineering Solution. Hyderabad, India. {From July 2016 to February 2019}

Working as an Electrical Site Engineer for two projects with the following duties.

I-Review of various electrical systems for sites (MV & LV) and buildings such as Lighting, power, grounding, lightning protection and fire alarm, including drawing, Design reports, and design computations using proprietary software, material take-off (MTO), Schedules of quantities (SOQ), specifications and quality check.

II-Participation at coordination and compliance meetings with clients.

III-Coordination and cooperation with other disciplines on new requirements, design Interference check and design changes.

IV-Instruction, guidance and monitoring of new engineers for induction into the electrical Design process

V-Site surveys and coordination with electrical utility to verify tie in point and take Approved from the regulatory.

VI-Excellent skills in dealing the project schedule & execution of work with consultant and client. Verify and submit all documents (load declaration, service request and NOC check list) to electrical utility to obtain approved for power connection to customer.

Field: Low voltage : capable of performing full distribution system design including Low & Medium Tension Networks, Emergency and Critical Load calculations studies, A/C loads, Plumbing & Fire Fighting loads, Elevators, Switch gears, Transformers, Emergency generator and U.P.S, Substations, Power fixtures, Sizing and routes of cables/conduits/cable trays and ladders, Short circuit, Voltage drop, Grounding & Lightning protection systems, Indoor-Outdoor Lighting fixtures, Landscape and Façade lighting, Lighting programs.

Familiar with electrical standards/codes: NEC - BS - NFPA - IES - SASO.

Good aware of mechanical design: HVAC – Fire Fighting – Plumbing

2) ENRUN INDIA, Hyderabad, India. {From June 2011 to July 2013}

I-Working as an Jr.Electrical Engineer for assembling of switch gear for SLD given in panels for Control Circuit, Power Control Panels, and Motor Control Panels.

II-Supervision of panel boards and inspection of other machines in the panel board industry & to maintain the daily progress report.

III-To check the entire work of the panel boards is according to approved drawings.

Electrical Site Engineer CITY CAPITAL MALL Hyderabad, India {April 2017- February 2019}
Electrical Site Engineer PARAGON PVT LTD. Hyderabad, India {August 2016 – March 2017}
Jr. Electrical Engineer ENRUN INDIA, Hyderabad, India. {June 2011- July 2013}

COMPUTER SKILLS:
1)Microsoft Windows.
2)Microsoft Office 2013 (Word, Excel, Access and Power Point).
3)AutoCAD 2016.
4)E-tap.
5)DIAlux 4.12
6)Internet Search and Information Technology.

ADDITIONAL SKILLS:

1)Have the ability to accept risk and work under stress.
2)Have the ability to be a member in teamwork.
3)Able to learn new experience.
4)Accept all hard working conditions.
5)Ambitious and active.
6)Complete the task as scheduled.
7)Organization skills, time management and self-planning.
8)Pay attention for safety, accuracy, efficiency, honesty, completeness and creativity.

Contact this candidate
