
ASHWINI PATTAR
Email:adag6r@r.postjobfree.com Contact no: +91-988*******
Career Objective:
Worked as a "Software Engineer” for 11 months in software developing in an esteemed organization that provides endless opportunity in Python, NLP technology. Profession Profile:
Worked for “Intkonsys Technologies” as a software developer from 11th august 2018 to 28th june 2019
Worked for Aroha Technologies, Bengaluru for 1.5 months as a SQL developer
(Trainee) in 2018
Technical Skills:
Knowledge in understanding client requirements and designing Python and NLP Solutions.
Have deep knowledge in Python basics, Input/Output,Variables,Operators, Control flow, functions.
Have deep knowledge in OOPS, Exception Handling.
Have complete Knowledge in GUI- Tkinter.
Worked on Numpy, Pandas, Matplotlib, Minecart, PyPDF2, pdfminer3k, NLTK, scikit Learn,modules.
Have deep knowledge in NLP [Natural Language Processing].
Have deep knowledge in Text preprocessing, Text to Features, Entities Extraction, NLP Libraries.
Build Project on Python,Tkinter and NLP
Handled errors diligently using Try-Catch statements.
Have Knowledge in Flask web development
Operating system Windows,Linux
Programming Languages C,C++,Python
Database My SQL, M S SQL,MongoDB
Web Development HTML,CSS,PHP
Tools SQL Server 2012,Pycharm,Anaconda
Academic Profile:
Graduated in Computer Science Engineering from S.G.BIT College of Engineering Belgaum (2011-2016).
College Project Details:
Project Name: I CITIZEN SMART CARD
Project Description: I CITIZEN SMART CARD Application is an android application that retrieves and displays the cloud data using internet. A smart card with a unique QR code printed on it is scanned by the android application which in turn displays all the documents which belongs to an individual.
The main motivation for carrying this project is to reduce the burden of carrying documents that is all the documents are integrated in a single smart card. This is done with help of QR code. By just scanning the commuters QR code all the documents can be accessed at finger tips.
Project Members: Four members.
Platform: Android and Windows
Languages used: Java and PHP
Tools used:
1. Eclipse: ADT (Android Development Tools)
2. Xamp server
3. Joomla
Professional Projects Profile:
Company: Intkonsys Techonologies Pvt Ltd
1. Project: Documentation Parsing
Title : Documentation Parsing
Team Size : 2
Duration : March 2019 to June 28th
Project Description: Documentation Parsing is Application is an Python,NLP
.Application that extracts text and images from PDF files stores separately and displays on GUI and also does Text pre-processing using NLP module NLTK Roles and Responsibilities:
1. Worked on some features which are mentioned above on both Backend and Frontend.
2. Worked on extracting text and images from PDF files and storing. 3. Involved in enhancing the test cases and defect reporting. 4. Debugging the defects and support issues.
5. Worked on GUI using Tkinter.
6. Worked on Text pre processing using NLP
Personal Profile:
Name : ASHWINI PATTAR
Address : # CCB no:45, Second cross
Mahadwar Road, Belgaum
Belgaum: 590001.
Date of Birth : 18-june-1991
PAN Number : CWDPP7529J
Declaration:
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge. Date:
Place: (Ashwini Pattar)

Contact this candidate
