
CARLITO B. CENA
MANAGER-MAINTENANCE
Contact no: +974-******** /+639**-*******
email. adagkl@r.postjobfree.com

EXPERIENCES SUMMARY

A total of 5 years experiences in local and 12 years Gulf experiences in Construction and Maintenance as project Engineer & Supervisor for Sub-Station of Ship Repair yard, Supervisor for Oil & Gas Facilities & Utilities, Steel Plant including Facilities and Utilities.
oHaving experiences for hands-on switching and operational for high voltage switchgear 11/.433KV, Installation, testing and commissioning the High Voltage and Low Voltage Switchgear and associate control.
oExperiences for construction activities like cable pulling, cable laying, testing, commissioning the electrical equipment like High & Low voltage Switchgear and using electrical measuring equipment, Distribution Board, Lighting and Sockets, Battery and Battery Charger, UPS, Motor and Motor Controls, street lighting, Motor Blower and Pumps.
oHaving hands-on experiences for Preventive and Corrective maintenance activities base on the maintenance flow activities created by the auto-generated process flow on system SAP.
oManage the Permit to Work (PTW) system as standard operating procedure prior to project task. LOTO, Hot Work, Working at Height, Confined Space and related activities with necessary PTW for project safe completion.

PERSONAL BACKGROUND:

Place of Birth : Batangas City, Philippines
Date of Birth : November 4, 1969
Age : 49
Nationality : Filipino
Current Location : Qatar

EDUCATIONAL BACKGOUND

Degree: BACHELOR OF SCIENCE IN INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING
Major: Electrical Technology
Batangas State University (BSU)

Technical Course: DIPLOMA OF INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGY
Major: Electrical Technology
Batangas State University
CERTIFICATE OF TRAINING

PERFORMING AUTHORITY
QATAR PETROLEUM
DATE : April 26, 2017

: H2S/BA TRAINING CERTIFICATE
QATAR PETROLEUM
DATE : May 31, 2017

BASIC OVERHEAD CRANE OPERATOR SAFETY
GL- GERMANISCHER LLOYD
DATE : February 21, 22 & 23 2017

TEAM BUILDING DYNAMICS WORKSHOP
CELLS MANAGEMENT AND CONSULTANCY PTE LTD
DATE : February 7, 2012

PMS OPERATOR & MAINTENANCE TRAINING
ABB OY, SUBSTATION AUTOMATION SYSTEMS
DATE : 13 & 14 December 2011

BASIC PROGRAMMALE LOGIC CONTROLLER (PLC) TRAINING
STEEL CORPORATION OF THE PHILIPPINES
DATE : 14 & 15 March 2000

WORK EXPERIENCES AND RESPONSIBLITIES

POSITION: ELECTRICAL SUPERVISOR
COMPANY: SPIE Oil & Gas Services Middle East
Project : QP-RLIC Facilities and Utilities, Qatar Petroleum
NAKILAT DAMEN SHIPYARD QATAR- NDSQ,
NAKILAT-KEPPEL OFFSHORE & MARINE-NKOM
DURATION: From October 1, 2016 to Present

JOB RESPONSIBILITIES

Hands-on switching operation the HV, LV & MV Switchgear and preventive maintenance of transformer 11/.433KV for under-ground and above ground Sub Station.
Hands-on testing the CT and VT protection relay ABB RF 542 plus by Omicron CMC 356 testing equipment.
Hands-on testing Contact Resistance Measurement by CRM equipment by MEGGER-MOM 200A (micro-ohmmeter).
Hands-on IR testing (MEGGER-FLUKE 1550C-5KV and FLUKE 87-1KV) the VCB & ACB type ABB indoor VD4/P, SACE Emax E2, E4, E6 -ABB Protection Relay REM 454.
Hands-on operation and maintenance the UPS- Battery Charger – TYPE: CHLORIDE Industrial System.
Hands-on synchronizing the Power Diesel Generator (PDG) Set.
Execute troubleshooting process on the electrical system and equipment to ensure operational readiness.
Provide input developing maintenance strategy and skills to increase the effective maintenance work.
oParticipate in technical review of operating license documents to ensure safe yard operation.
oParticipate in the technical review of service contract documents and manages the contractor to ensure best maintenance practice.
Provide and create works orders for preventive and corrective maintenance from maintenance work flow system (SAP) and update the improvement of company properties and asset to ensure all are met in specific date and time.
Attend the client daily meeting and update the daily output activities as well as discuss the daily plan work site activities.
Provide a safe, successful, timely and economical electrical maintenance & repair service for all onboard electrical equipment within the area of responsibility.
Ensure the team is carryout the works according to the plan, policy and procedure.
Responsible for implementation of daily preventive and corrective maintenance task as per client standard and procedure which regards safety compliance.
Attend on-calls duty on emergency task if require immediate response.
Plan and control the electrical maintenance team to facilitate the safe and efficient operation to meet the company maintenance and strategy policy.
Lead the activities on workshop on daily basis to ensure correct safety procedure was followed and coordinated with other responsible team.
Apply PTW for different electrical task and follow the standard procedure written in approved Job Safety Analysis & Method of Statement.
oFollow all relevant company Health and Safety policies, processes, procedures and instruction to ensure compliance in all aspect of fields of work.
oApply all safety policies and procedure to self and others to ensure reasonable care of the health and safety of the team.
Organizing the work load and priorities of electrical technician.

POSITION: MAINTENANCE ENGINEER-ELECTRICAL
FACILITIES & UTILITIES DEPARTMENT
COMPANY: NAKILAT-KEPPEL OFFSHORE & MARINE Ltd.
Southern Breakwater, Ras, Laffan Industrial City
Doha, State of Qatar
DURATION: June 01, 2011– February 9, 2016

JOB RESPONSIBILITIES

Responsible for planning and maintaining work system, procedures, and policies that enable and encourage the optimum performance of the people for offshore and onshore activities.
Responsible for motivating, directing and overseeing the operations of the departments for better and good organization.
Provide a safe, successful, timely and economical electrical maintenance & repair service for all onboard electrical equipment within the area of responsibility.
Hand-on switching operation the HV, LV & MV Switchgear and preventive maintenance of transformer 11/.433KV for under-ground and above ground Sub Station which is required on preventive maintenance activities and ensure the safety standard.
Responsible the operation of Sub-Station Power House 60 Hz, Gangway Tower & Dehumidifier Machine-DH to support and to continue the smooth operation of the project.
Hands-on synchronizing the Power Emergency Diesel Generator (PeDG) Set.
Ensuring that worker follow standard safety precautions while undertaking installation and maintenance works.
Perform maintenance task schedule for electrical and instrument equipment and secure step for performing the job is well implemented.
Ensure safety of all employees and contractors working in operating unit or department by driving continuous improvement towards a true safety culture. This includes supporting all corporate safety programs; developing SOP’s, identifying and eliminating hazards and enforcing all safety rules.
Ensure compliance with all standards and program (safety, environmental, quality, maintenance and procedure) with in the area of responsibility.
Perform and conduct tool box talk or meeting prior start the job to secure the safety measure are implemented and job safety analysis well clear and as per safety procedures.
Verify the work assigned staff for accuracy, proper work methods or method of statement- MS, techniques and compliance with applicable standard and specifications to ensure adherence to established guidelines, rules and regulation.
Maintain efficient records on operation and activities (logbook) and coordinate and prepare a variety of reports.
Attend to urgent operational equipment failure and reports and include recommendation to prevent such failures re-occurring.
ABILITY TO:
Plan and execute repair, maintenance and installation of controls and equipment.
Ability to use any type of electrical power tools, hand tools and measuring equipment such as Multi-meter, Megger, Contact resistance Meter, Clamp Meter, Hi-Pot- Hi-Potential measurement equipment, Trip test Equipment- OMICRON 356 and Earth Tester- KEW 4106.
Troubleshoot and diagnose problem.
Read and interpret technical illustration, HV & LV schematic, single Line Diagram and associate electrical controls.
Operate office equipment including computers and supporting software application.
Independently perform difficult installations, repair, troubleshooting and maintenance of electrical equipment.
Work under steady pressure with frequent interruption.
Communicate clearly and precisely both oral and written.

POSITION: ELECTRICAL SUPERVISOR- CONSTRUCTION
COMPANY: DAEWOO E & C (ENGINEERING & CONSTRUCTIONS)
COMPANY AWARD: GOLD AWARD-OUTSTANDING EMPLOYEE OF THE MONTH of JANUARY 2011
DURATION: December 2007- March 2011

PROJECT INVOLVES:

NAKILAT-KEPPEL OFFSHORE & MARINE
Southern Breakwater, Ras Laffan Industrial City
Doha, State of Qatar
July 2010 – March 05, 2011

QATAR CHEMICAL COMPANY-Q-CHEM
Messaeid, Industrial City
Doha, State of Qatar
December 2007 - March, 2010

JOB RESPONSIBILITIES

Responsible for planning of daily task on job sites given by constructions engineers and ensuring daily activities are met and projects is completed ahead on given schedule.
Installation the different electrical equipment, HV-LV Panel, Transformer, UPS, Battery Charger, Field Pumps & Motor, Field operating Panel, street lightings, Switchgear lightings Sockets & switches.
Implements the testing, commissioning program in electrical discipline and associates work scope and coordinate, assist during pre-commissioning and commissioning activities.
Understanding the testing and commissioning requirements for cable earth, grounding, generators, Automatic Transfer Switch (ATS), lighting and lighting controls, UPS and battery charging system, over current protection and related electrical system.
Perform primary and secondary testing of instrument transformers (current and voltage transformers), polarity and rotation.
Testing of HV, MV switchboards including apparatus i.e circuits breakers, disconnecting switches, earth switches and including testing of LV switchboards, loop test to control and supervise the computerized system and fault recorder.
Perform scheme test or functional tests, testing of inter-trip panel and tripping matrix and monitor the electrical interlocking schemes.
Ensure the commissioning obligations of the project are carried out in accordance with the terms of contract, quality and schedule in conformance with good practice of commissioning standards.
Defining and requesting work or test permit, release service operation and to follow-up of clearance works and responsibility in handling over commissioned system to the operation team.
Utilize and manage the documentation for electrical commissioning such as taking over certificates, as built drawing, manufactures manuals and instruction, test procedure, risk assessment, health and safety method of statement and end of commissioning reports.
Monitor and direct supervision the technician on project site.
Ensure all quality controls records like test reports, equipment calibration certificate, designed modification request.
Compile, consolidate and follow-up the end of electrical commissioning reports and preparing the taking over of system or sub-system for operational team.
Review construction method statement, pre-commissioning procedure and endorse red marks drawing and dossiers.
Control and endorse work permit for the project work and ensure that QPs safety standards safety regulation, project safety plan was understood and followed by contractors.
Inspect construction works and materials in accordance with the project Quality Plan and inspection Test Plans.
Attend weekly progress meeting, update the daily and weekly construction progress reports and verify contractor progress for accuracy.
In coordination with end users, prepare and categorize punch list and ensure that the contractor clear punch list items.

POSITION : ELECTRICAL TECHNICIAN
COMPANY : STEEL CORPORATION OF THE PHILIPPINES
BALAYAN, BATANGAS PHILIPPINES
DURATION : October 1997 – September 2003

JOB DESCRIPTIONS

Installation, testing and commissioning the electrical equipment like Electrical switchgear, Electrical panel, Distribution Board for lighting system.
Cable pulling, laying and tagging, installation the cable tray and trenches, conduit pipe layout and installation, earth and lightning copper bare bar installation.
Diagnose cause of electrical & mechanical malfunction or failure of operational equipment and performs preventive and corrective maintenance.
Applies electrical and related knowledge to test and modify development or operational electrical machinery and electrical control equipment and circuitry entire plants and laboratory.
Assembles and test experimental motor controls devices, Drives Panel, Lighting switch panels, lightings solenoid valves, lightings fixtures, Pumps Control and other related equipment and components according to engineering data and knowledge of electrical principles.
Develops wiring diagram, layout drawing and engineering specifications for system, equipment modification, installations and maintenance duties.
Plans, direct records the periodic electrical testing, recommends or initiates modification and replacements of equipment which fails to meet acceptable operating standards.

Contact this candidate
