
. Mechanical Coordination Draughtsman
Auto cad & Revit (MEP)
Sajid Hussain
Musaffah 17
Near Al Madinah Market
Abu Dhabi (UAE)
Mobile: +971 -561412065
adag6k@r.postjobfree.com
adag6k@r.postjobfree.com ( Skype id )
Personal Profile:-
With my Work Experience up to date. I feel that I can work independently on different projects and having ability to self-checking and correction of shop drawings in MEP discipline, looking for a position that will build on my skill and provide experience in the field of Computer Aided Drafting (Auto Cad & Revit) with the view to widen the scope of carrier Enhancement with, it would make me a useful member of your organization.
Highlights of Experience (Over All. 13.6 Years) (12. years in Gulf Experience) (2 years in (UAE)
(Total Experience is High Rise Tower s and Villas. :- Hotels, Hospitals, Airport terminals. Project Experience in All MEP coordination services Modeling Using of Latest Version AutoCAD - 2017). Specialization: -
Plumbing Drainage system. Water supply system, Solar Hot Water heater system, HVAC, Ducting and piping And Chilled water, Chiller cooling tower system and Firefighting system. Site – Weekly report submitted to Project Manager and MEP head. Store report, Quantity surveyor, Site surveyor & supervisor, Foreman & site engineer also safety officer & site safety report & organize the site materials.
Professional Experience
1. Tornado Group Abu Dhabi UAE join in 08-03-2018 to till date Projects. 1) Hamadi villa Musaffah Abu Dhabi. 2) park view Tower Reem I land Abu Dhabi 3) HCT Baniyas Abu Dhabi. 4) Al Mubarak commercial building till date
2. Larsen& Toubro Oman LLc, As a MEP Draughtsman AutoCAD & Revit 28-May-2014- to 29- May-2017 Nature of Work. :-
1) Preparing latest Structure and Architecture drawings Services. 2) Preparing all MEP - IFC Drawing Services.
3) Preparing ID Drawing coordinated to MEP Services 4) Developing of Co-ordination drawings for all MEP Services. 5 Developing of Co-ordination drawings for all MEP Services Builder shop Drawing. 6) Developing of Plumbing Drainage & water supply system shop drawing with AutoCAD template. 7) Developing of Shop Drawings Plumbing Drainage system with invert level and Manhole coordinate point. 8) Developing of Plumbing, HV/AC & Firefighting Shop Drawing with AutoCAD template. 9) Developing@ of Mechanical, Solar hot water system with clarifier and displacing unit drawings. 10) Developing of Fire pump, Water Tank, Substation & Pump room layout. 11) Developing of Sectional detailing and all MEP services layout. 12) Developing of MEP as per site Sketches drawing. 13) Developing of as built drawing preparation showing all new locations, elevations, sizes & distances. 14) Developing of Risers Co-ordination drawings. Preparing the Sectional and Detailing Drawing 15) Preparation of ducting layout according to the ASHRAE & SMACNA Standard. 16) Preparation of Schematic Diagrams.
17) Preparation of Schedules & Sheet List
18) Preparation of MEP AUTOCAD Drawings
19) Managing QS and QA/QC
20) Preparation of MEP all services BOQ, (1) plumbing (2) Firefighting (1) HV/AC (3) Solar hot water system 1) Shalala Airport: - For this project we did all the MEP, Structure & Architecture work in AutoCAD and I was the lead MEP Draftsman for this project. This is a highly confidential project and don’t have any right to disclose more about this project. 2) W- Hotel (City Hotel-1) Muscat. :- For this project we did all the MEP coordination services in AutoCAD -2015. 3) OCEC-Crown plaza Hotel 2. :- This project is a Hotel Apartment & we did MEP in AutoCAD -2015 4) Duqam Airport: - This project consists of terminal floor & Air traffic control tower and located in Oman and did MEP AutoCAD work for this project
3. Anwarco Company. Riyadh (KSA). As a MEP Design Draftsman 2011-April to 2013-march Nature of Work: -
1) Preparation of Shop Drawing Drainage & Water Supply system Layout 2) Preparation of Shop Drawing Duct work & Chilled water Layout 3) Preparation of Pump Room and Plant room & boiler Layout 4) Preparation of Schematic Diagrams.
5) Preparation of firefighting drawings layout.
of Preparation As built drawing preparation showing all new locations, elevations, sizes & distances Key Project:
1) Rafal Tower - Riyadh Saudi Arabia):- Main Consultant:- Dubai Contracting Company LLC The project calls for construction of the 62-storey Burj Rafal. The tower will include 260 luxury apartments (23 floors), 2,000-person grand ballroom & 24 meeting rooms (1 floor), 297-room Kaminski Hotel & 54 serviced apartments (17 floors), Office space (13 floors), 2 wellness spas
(1 floor) and 4,000 square meters of retail space (podium). The Site Area is 19,315 square meters and the Gross Floor Area is 96,575 square meters.
4.AL MASHRIK. CONT. (J.V.) "(K.S.A). Elec. Mech. Co. As a MEP Design Draftsman 2008-May to 2010-Nov. Nature of Work. :-
1. Preparation of Shop drawings - Drainage System with slope levels.Taking approval with consultants. 2. Preparation of Shop drawings – Domestic & Hot Water Supply System Taking Approval with consultants. 3. Prepare Mechanical Plant Room piping layout plan and section accordingly access path. 3. External services coordination system.
4. Underground Drainage and water supply coordination layouts and sections. 5. Typical Connection details of plumbing appliances like water closet, Wash Basins, Bidets, Sinks, and Faucets 6. Knowledge of referring Technical Catalogues in preparing shop drawings. 7. Pipes hanging and support details.
8. Preparations of Builders work drawings (Slab & Wall openings) 9.; As Built Drawings – Mechanical Hvac & Plumbing Dwg’s. 10. Learning & work on other MEP trade shop drawings & coordination layouts 11. Reviewing Design Drawings & Calculations as per Specs & Standards. 12 Preparing various Periodical Reports regarding Design/Shop Drawings approval Status 13. Reviewing As-Built Drawings as per Specifications, Codes/Standards & Requirements. 14. Prepare Rain water drain details.
15. Preparation of Architectural and Mechanical drawings. 16. Designing the drawings as per the guidance of Sr. Engineer. 17. Preparations of Plans, Sections, Details, Isometric drawings. 18. Using word, Excel and other specialized engineering programs. 19. Prepare Quantity Survey, Material Take-Off of the building Key Projects:
Noora Bint Abdulrahman University. The project calls for construction of a new university for women. The university is expected to cover 8 million’s square meters and located on King Khalid International Airport Road at north of Riyadh. The total built up area is around 3 millions square meters. The university will include administration buildings, 13 faculties, a 700-bed student hospital, laborites, Research Centre’s, and residential area that include accommodation for students and staff. The capacity of university is around 26,000 students. Project in Main Company is El Seif Engineering & Contracting Co and MEP Contractor:-Vision Company for Electrical and Mechanical. 5.PIONEER Contracting &Trading WLL" (Qatar). As a Mechanical Draftsman 004-Dec to 2007-Dec Project Key:-
1.) Project. - Khalifa stadium sport academy. :- Client:- sport academy. :- Consultant.:-Cico:- architect Engineering .:-Main contractor .:- AL Huda Engineering works.:- MEP Work :- Pioneer contracting Company 2.) Project. - National command center. :- Client:-Air force Duhail:- Consultant.:- KEO International.:- Main contractor:- AL Huda Engineering works.:- MEP Work :- Pioneer contracting Company. 3.) Project. :- Millennium Hotel Al saad.:- Client:-Al- Sraiya Contracting & Trading Company.:- Consultant.:- Al-Jazeera Consulting Office.:- Main contractor:- :-Al- Sraiya Contracting & Trading Company :- MEP Work :- Pioneer contracting Company. 4.) Project.:- School No.12 preparatory girls. Al azizya.:- Client:- Min. of Mum afire & agriculture building Eng.Dep. :- Consultant:-GDH Management Engineering group.:-Main contractor:- Louts Trading & Contracting Company.:- MEP Work :- Pioneer contracting Company. 6. LARSEN&TOUBRO As a Mechanical Draughtsman 2004-Dec to 2007-Dec Project Key. :-
INDIA) Mumbai period 11th June 2003 Inc an ISO-9001-2000 certified company MEP field done lot of prestigious hig rise buildings and villa. Project in Mumbai. worked as Drafting Electrical Fair Fighting. HVAC. Plumbing finishing of project. 07th Nov2004. NATURE OF DUTIES HANDLED
1. Preparation of Shop drawings - Drainage System with slope levels taking approval with consultants. 2. Preparation of Shop drawings – Domestic & Hot Water Supply System Taking Approval with consultants. 3. Prepare Mechanical Plant Room piping layout plan and section accordingly access path. 3. External services coordination system.
4. Underground Drainage and water supply coordination layouts and sections. 5. Typical Connection details of plumbing appliances like water closet, Wash Basins, Bidets, Sinks, and Faucets 6. Knowledge of referring Technical Catalogues in preparing shop drawings. 7. Pipes hanging and support details.
8. Preparations of Builders work drawings (Slab & Wall openings) 9.; As Built Drawings – Mechanical Hvac & Plumbing Dwg’s. 10. Learning & work on other MEP trade shop drawings & coordination layouts 11. Reviewing Design Drawings & Calculations as per Specs & Standards. 12 Preparing various Periodical Reports regarding Design/Shop Drawings approval Status 13. Reviewing As-Built Drawings as per Specifications, Codes/Standards & Requirements. 14. Prepare Rain water drain details.
15. Preparation of Architectural and Mechanical drawings. 16. Designing the drawings as per the guidance of Sr. Engineer. 17. Preparations of Plans, Sections, Details, Isometric drawings. 18.Using word, Excel and other specialized engineering programs. 19.Prepare Quantity Survey, Material Take-Off of the building Using word, Excel and other specialized engineering programs BOQ 20. Selection of the equipment’s like Pumps, chillers, FCU, AHU, cooling towers. 21.Estimation & quantity survey for HVAC, PLUMBING and FIRE FIGHTING works Academic Qualifications.
1. Diploma in Mechanical Engineering. passing years 2003-July West Bengal state council of Technical Education. Class standing: - 78% 2. 10+2, SCIENCE passing years 1996-May
Govt: SNS Collage Motihari. Bihar Education board council. (BEBC) Class standing: - 65% 3. Secondary School Exam passing years 1994-October Govt: Rupan girih high school Muzaffarpur. Bihar. (BSEB) Class standing: - 56% Software Skills
AutoCAD 2006 To 2017 with Lisp & latest version
M/S Office and Vision. Photo shop.
Personal Details
Sex Male
Date of Birth 12. NOVEMBER. 1979
Age 38
Nationality Indian
Religion & cast Muslim, Islam
Marital Status Married
Passport No & Date of Expiry J7034415 - 23-03-2021 Valid Indian driving License M/C With gr, 3whlr & LMV Languages Known English, Hindi, Urdu & Arabic
Extra-Curricular Activities Professional Photography & Body care Personal References
1) Mr. Tufail kahn.(Mep Designing Manager) L&T Oman LLC Parson upon request either verbally or written. 2)Md. Zeyaul haque ( Mep Designing Engineer Anwarco company KSA
Declaration
I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. Thanking you Place. :-
yours faithfully sajid Hussain Date:-

Contact this candidate
