
PAVAN KUMAR PANDETI
E-mail: adagt9@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: +965-********

An enthusiastic and high energy driven professional targeting Supervisor Level Assignments in:
Refinery Hand over & Pre-Commissioning Gathering centers & Booster station construction, pre-commissioning & commissioning.
Industry Preference: Oil & Gas (Gathering Center, and Booster Station & Refinery)
Successfully coordinated operations with teams across India, Oman & Kuwait.
CARRIER OBJECTIVES:

High-energy, focused professional offering 11 years of site experience in Transformers, High voltage & Low voltage switchgear, HVAC, UPS, High & Low Voltage Motors, RCU, IRP and DCS Panel Construction, Pre-commissioning & commissioning startup of Electrical equipment’s and control system . Efficient organizer, motivator, team player and a decisive leader with the skills to motivate teams.

EDUCATION DETAILS:
Diploma in Electrical and Electronics Engineering from (Dr.Y.C.James yen rural Polytechnic) Kuppam, Andhra Pradesh,
in 2005 to 2008.
S.S.C. Exam from in 2004.

SYNOPSIS EXPERIENCE:
Preparation of work method statement for Electrical and Instrumentation related activities
Preparation of shutdown packaged and construction related document for GCs & BS.
Implementation of HSE System as per the standard.
Client/consultant co-ordination.
Responsible for controlling all aspects of Switchgear, MCC, and control system related.
Preparation of as-built and markup drawings.
Work Coordination among all disciplines.
Familiarized with test equipment.

EXPERIENCE:
Abroad experience - 07.5+ years in Kuwait
India - 3.5+ Years in India
Working as an “Electrical System Owner & Pre- Commissioning” in Tecnicas Reunidas (AL-ZOUR REFINERY PROJECT, Kuwait) from 03th Dec. 2018 to till continues.
Duty and responsibility:-
Review of Subsystem scope, Provisional turnover dates of as per contract for respected System/Unit.
Follow up and expedite the different field activity with construction, Pre-commissioning, Commissioning and Quality in order to achieve target dates.
Preparing Notification and walkthrough plan for different Subsystem/ System as per priority and site condition.
Closely monitoring progress of each Subsystem/ System and their constraint's for completion with plan date.
Preparing planning, target and Progress of report for different Subsystem/ System.
Conducting meeting with SUBCONTRACTOR, Construction team for expediting of different task follow-up and punch items to close out in site.
Coordinating with Client relevant Area/ System representative for different milestone and expedite the constraints.
System owner is leader for walkthrough in their unit and conducting Punch list agreement meeting with client after walkthrough.
Working as an “Electrical Supervisor” in SK E&C (Elevated Sub Station project, Kuwait) from 14th Dec. 2015 to 30th NOV 2018.
Duty and responsibility:-
Supervision of all kind of sub-contract activities such as Electrical and Instrument equipment installation, Cable Tray, Cable laying,installation of LV & HV Switchgears, cable splicing, RCP, IRP,ANN,UDB, Battery Charger, and fire and gas panel and Transformers, Distribution board Panels, UVIR, Glanding, Termination, Earthing, Cathodic Protection work.
Supervision of all kind of construction, Pre-Commissioning & commissioning activities for electrical equipment’s.
LV & HV switchgear Tie in work supervision
Gathering center & booster station shutdown activity for Electrical load transfer old utility substation to new elevated substation.
Preparation of site for Pre-Shutdown, shutdown and startup
11kv and 3.3 kV Switchgear, transformer and generator energization.
Site survey for equipment load, location and installation panels
All kind of document preparation work like WMS, Schedules, daily and weekly report, outstanding work report and Drawing modifications Good knowledge of schematic, layout typically drawing, drawing modification as per site condition with company standard.
Good Coordination & conversation with K.O.C and PMC.
Troubleshooting of all plant equipment’s such as Electrical & Instrument problems.
Demolition for substation (HV & LV switchgears, Transformers & Generators).
Worked as an “Assistant plant engineer” in Al-Turki Enterprises L.L.C (Oman) from 04th Feb. 2012 to 06th Oct 2015.
Duty and responsibility:-
Construction, commissioning & Maintenance of LV switchgears, various types of RMC-batching plants, flake ice plants & chiller Plant, Panel Boards, LV & HV Motors, Gen-set, Compressors and Pumps with reference to the orientation drawing.
RMC – batching plant running programing and sequence for command batch, command alkon to manual station.
Ready mix Plant, kit ice plant operation, maintenances and erections work-in electrical section.
Field wiring, Panel wiring, and installation of PJB, FJB and local Control Stations.
Installation of cable trays, laying of HV, LV, Instrument Primary & Secondary cables.
Lighting conduit and fixing of lighting fixture, earthing system of the unit as per drawings.
Inspection of all electrical activities & material with reference to the standards
Troubleshooting of all plant equipment’s such as Electrical & Mechanical problems (Such as PLC & Electrical Circuit, Pneumatics and Hydraulics).
Monitor and assist in the implementation of site-specific HSE Program.
Operation & Maintenance of plant equipment’s such as Compressors (Reciprocating & Screw Type), Evaporators, Evaporative Condensers, Ice Maker.
Operational skills and attitudes in Ice plant refrigeration servicing. It includes inspection, servicing and maintaining, troubleshooting, start up and commissioning ice plant refrigeration system.
Power units Calculation.
In sap SMR preparation and stock maintains.
Worked as an “Assistant electrical engineer” in PREMIUM TOBACCO PACKER (India) from 29th Apr. 2008 to 10th Oct 2011.
Duty and responsibility:-
All kind of document preparation daily and weekly report, Outstanding work report and Drawing modifications,
Maintains of AC Motors Up to 90KW.
Immediate resolution provided, in case of Motor Failures.
Making of electrical panel (star & delta, DOL stares and control panels).
Replacement of relays, contactors when they are burnt out.
Blades, NO & NC Pins replacement of Siemens & telemecanique contacts.
Bearings & terminal boxes will be verified during the weekends.
Any problematic components will be replaced, in order to overcome production breakages.
COMPUTER LITRACY & IT SKILLS:
MS Office, Outlook, Auto Cad-2013, PC-Schematic, SAP (Material Management)
Windows operating system installation and configuration & configuring and maintaining all types of application software’s.

DECLARATION:
I Hope That your considération Will Be beneficial for my Bright future. If You Will give a chance to express my ability. I assure That i would bé honorable and thanksful.

Date: 14-08-2019 Yours Faithfully
Place: Kuwait. (PAVAN KUMAR. P)

Contact this candidate
