
Curriculum Vitae
SIVARANJANI S
No ** F,F block,*ST Floor
IHFD Nagar,
Pallavaram, Mobile Number : 701*******
Chennai-600043 Mail ID:adagw5@r.postjobfree.com

Objective:

Looking for an excellent opportunity to work as a Engineer where my talent and knowledge can be utilized for the development of the organization.

Academic Qualification:

B.E. Aeronautical engineer,P.B. College of engineering, Anna university, Sriberambuture,chennai,-2011,73.5%
HSC, Govt Hr. sec school, Lalbet, Cuddalore (dist).-2007,62.5%
SSLC,R.C .High School, Kattumannar koil, Cuddalore (dist)-2005,69%

Other Computer Proficiency:

Operating Systems : WINDOWS
Design Software : CATIA V5,Pro-E & UG

Professional Training Experience:

Organization : National Aviation Company of India Ltd
Designation : In plant trainee in engineering department.
Role : Passenger and cargo Flight cockpit,fuel and landing gear checking and Airport maintenance training
Duration : From 21-06-2010 to 30-06-2010.

Technical Projects :
Title : Design and Development of Supersonic scramjet Engine nozzle
Description : under subsonic speed nozzle is designed and
Fabricated successfully by a group of 3 members; which mach no changed subsonic speed to supersonic speed, still in use aeronautical department laboratory of the institution. for the study of scramjet engines..
Tools Used : CATIA V5 and Ansys-Fluent

Work Experience:
Job -1
Company Name : Parametric consultancy services pvt ltd,
Role : CAD Engineer
Job Nature : Design and analysis of NPD and Creating CAD model for customer requirement and giving 3D print of the CAD model.
Tools Used : UG & CATIA V5
Job location : Chennai
Duration : Mar-2014 to Jul- 2017

Job -2
Company Name : Modine thermal system pvt ltd,
Role : Application Engineer- Engineering Design
Job Nature : Development of APQP gate 2-5 Cooling system (Heat exchangers) designer which is designed for customer DMU & DFME requirement and giving verified actual part with GD&T Stickup to the customer.
Tools Used : CATIA V5,Pro E & SAP
Job location : Chennai
Duration : Jul 2017 to Still

Extra Curricular Activities and Achievements:

Implant training on “National Aviation Company of India Limited” at Chennai Airport
Basic CFD training at P.B.College of Engineering, Chennai
Training on “Application of CFD in Aerospace” at Rajalakshmi College of Engineering, Chennai
Seminar on “Helicopter Technology” at Veltech University, Chennai
Seminar on “Advanced Propulsion System” at Sathyabama University, Chennai

Personal Information :
Name : Sivaranjani S
Father’s Name : Sivaprakasam N R
Gender : Female
Mobile Number : 701*******
Mail Id : adagw5@r.postjobfree.com
Languages Known : Tamil & English
Religion : Hindu

Declaration:
I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Date: With Regards

Place: (SIVARANJANI.S)

Contact this candidate
