
MEGAN J. STEFFEN
*** *. ******* ******, #**
CHICAGO,IL 60657
773-***-****
adag95@r.postjobfree.com

Dynamic, creative and highly reliable professional who consistently demonstrates integrity and sound judgment. Well organized with good time management habits; completes assignments in a timely and accurate manner. Strong problem solving abilities; May be counted on to follow through to resolution. Works well independently as well as collaboratively in a team environment. Reputation for exceptional customer relations; easily establishes trust and rapport with public. Self-confident and poised in interactions across all business hierarchies; a persuasive communicator and assertive negotiator. Results driven, detail oriented and always trustworthy with time-sensitive and confidential matters.

Medical Leave For Major Surgery, Chicago, Illinois April 2017-April 2018

Staffing Now, Chicago, Illinois January-March 2017
Contract Recruiter at McDermott Will & Emery LLP
A valued team member for an international law firm with 20 offices in the United States, Europe and Asia. McDermott Will & Emery is a leading international law firm with a diversified business practice representing commercial, industrial and financial enterprises both publicly and privately held.
Support tasks of staff recruiting including posting open positions to job boards, sourcing and screening candidates and coordinating interview scheduling for senior level positions such as Litigation Technology Manager, Litigation Technology Systems Analyst, Technology Project Manager, Litigation Technology Data Analyst and Senior Software Engineer.
Sourcing and screening candidates by performing initial phone screens along with coordinating between the candidate and the hiring manager for staff recruiting. Summarize notes and deliver to the hiring manager.
Participate in phone meeting and conference calls with assigned hiring managers to assist in hiring needs.
Review submitted resumes and identify first round candidates to recommend to hiring managers.
Coordinate scheduling and on-site logistics for interviewers and candidates.
Assist in due diligence process for selected candidates including completing background checks and extending offers.
Maintain accurate and appropriate documentation in The Firm’s (ATS) Applicant Tracking System.
Assist with engineering The Firm’s talent pipeline and maintaining contact with prospective candidates.
Schedule videoconference interviews with multiple cities and multiple interviewers for an individual candidate.
Manpower, Chicago, Illinois October 2016-January 2017
Contract Associate Recruiter
Handled all Recruitment, Human Resources and Administrative functions.
Created job postings online utilizing Manpower.com, Facebook, Zip Recruiter, Monster, Careerbuilder, Linked-In, Twitter and other various recruiting tools.
Answered and responded to incoming phone calls and emails in response to job postings and Web Advertisements.
Sourced, screened and interviewed candidates.
Scheduled up to 25 interviews weekly and maintained schedules in Outlook and an Excel spreadsheet.
Recruited for accounting, general office, healthcare, HR, industrial, IT, marketing and sales positions.
Completed and issued conditional job offer letters.
Initiated and assisted in candidate new hire onboarding process.
Processed I-9 forms with supporting documents for employment along with all new hire paperwork.
Administered oral drug screens and background checks to new hires.
Developed relationships with clients and candidates.

True Blue-Peoplescout, Chicago, Illinois January 2015-July 2016
Recruiter
Managed account for Delta Airlines overseeing 40-50 open requisitions weekly.
Pre-screened 150 job applications for qualified candidates for client to interview daily.
Maintained relationships with 50-75 hiring managers across the U.S. building professional relationships.
Managed weekly reporting with weekly team conference calls.
Scheduled interviews for 10 to 90 candidates per session at 25 airport locations throughout the U.S.
Coordinated campus recruiting events

MARY SULLIVAN, Chicago, Illinois January 2011 to December 2014
Executive Assistant
Oversee all aspects of executive daily needs.
Answer phone calls, Manage calendar, schedule appointments, make travel arrangements, create & send correspondence.
Responsible for running errands, sorting mail, paying bills, driving to appointments and planning lunches.
Handle time-sensitive and confidential matters.
Create and update excel spreadsheets: power point presentations: prepare for presentations.

KELLY SERVICES, Chicago, Illinois April 2006 to January 2008
Partnered Staffing Account Manager (2007 to 2008)
Chicago-area Account Manager responsible for overseeing a multi-million dollar account including all aspects of high volume full cycle recruiting and account management of Kraft Foods’ 8 client locations.
Translated client objectives into high impact solutions resulting in increased client satisfaction and expansion of business opportunities.
Sourced, recruited, interviewed, screened, and hired employees for various positions including accounting, administrative, clerical, customer service, data entry, healthcare, human resources, information technology, legal, light industrial, marketing, and reception.
Performed in-depth behavioral interviews.
Processed branch payroll and maintained employee files.
Managed branch statistics reporting (HRIS) including customer satisfaction, employee utilization, financial, performance, recruitment, sales, and (IDES) unemployment claims.
Conducted drug and background screening, skills assessment testing, reference checks, new-hire orientations & paperwork.
Supported employee career development by means of advising, coaching, mentoring, and resolving employee related issues.
Strategized with team to meet/exceed weekly sales and recruitment goals.
Accomplishments:
Successfully organized and executed countless open-house recruiting sessions and college job fairs.
Consistently exceeded weekly and monthly recruiting goals.
Participated in local professional networking events to gain an edge on regional resources.
Trained and mentored branch personnel.
Senior Staffing Supervisor (2006 to 2007)
Managed all aspects of high volume full-cycle recruiting, placing viable candidates into various assignment types including temporary, temp-to-hire, and direct hire.
Generated viable job order requests through assessment and understanding of company needs, to more accurately compose job descriptions based upon corporate environment and culture to ensure appropriate match is made.
Counseled managers with employee relations issues including policy interpretation and disciplinary actions.
Built and maintained relationships with clients ranging from small and mid-sized local accounts to large national accounts; eliciting and fulfilling client orders, managing throughout life-cycle.
Negotiated placement fee agreements, client contracts, and direct hire employment offers.
Proactively cultivated local area companies both new and established to increase business development by canvassing and scheduling new contact appointments.
Conducted new- hire orientations for employees and provided ongoing support to resolve issues and concerns.
Managed human resource functions including new-hire paperwork, pre-employment testing, payroll, and benefits enrollment.
Facilitated branch viability through monitoring and reporting on a range of metrics such as client satisfaction, employee utilization, performance and unemployment.
Coordinated and facilitated many successful multi-campus recruiting events
Accomplishments:
Promoted to Partnered Staffing Account Manager and awarded highest level customer account (annual spending of $1 MM and above) after only 16 months.
Implemented branch recruiting plan and cost free advertising, through relationship development with national organizations, career development offices at local colleges, universities, unemployment offices, and The Great Lakes Military Base.
Regenerated several distressed accounts resulting in contract renewals and increased bottom-line revenue in the thousands.
Supervised branch IDES unemployment reporting, resulting in minimal to zero state financial penalties and benefiting additionally with placing employees back to work.
Selected by Area Manager to partner with FedEx and Kelly Services Corporate Managers to implement a new direct hire pilot program: delivering $50K in successful candidate placement fees along with contract renewal.
Recognized by corporate headquarters Manager of New Talent Recruiting for participation in the Hispanic Alliance for Career Enhancement job fair and valuable contributions to senior management diversity recruiting plan.

UNITED AIRLINES, Chicago, Illinois December 1999 to February 2005
Administrative Coordinator Onboard Service (2004 to 2005)
Provided direct administrative support to senior level division management including two Senior Operations Managers and
the Domicile Manager, overseeing a number of confidential matters.
Assisted in investigations of Flight Attendants (FA’s), and acted as resource person for Onboard Service department staff.
Assisted management team with administering FMLA, STD, LTD, LOA’s, and Workman’s Compensation claims
Managed executive calendars, scheduled meetings, coordinated travel arrangements and conference calls. Processed expense reports and tracked reimbursement.
Recorded and distributed staff meeting minutes, monitored inventory/ordered supplies, prepared monthly & quarterly domicile reports.
Maintained staff personnel and medical files, staff attendance calendars, processed/tracked payroll, and recorded data for annual & mid-year performance reviews.
Transcribed correspondence, letters and documents, and maintained various spreadsheets and databases.
Updated employee work histories and attendance records.
Coordinated the planning of employee recognition ceremonies & celebrations, fundraisers and events; drafting recognition certificates, arranged catering, ordered supplies, event set-up and decorating.

Operational Coordinator Onboard Service (2001-2003)
Assisted Onboard Service staff of 75 in serving from 2-3,000 Flight Attendants from global locations daily.
Provided internal and external customer service to FA’s and staff as well as all United Airlines departments requiring assistance, domestic and international.
Issued and collected security badges and other company materials.
Conferred with operational management to ensure timely departure through resolution of provisioning with gategourmet, operational concerns, crew assignments, security issues, passenger conflicts and other matters.
Supported Airport Operations and FAA in resolving amber alerts and in-flight security issues requiring medical and safety attention by coordinating police, paramedics, and management to meet flights.
Checked-in and directed Air Marshalls to assigned flights.
Processed deposits/cash payments, ordered materials, completed separation checklists for furloughed FA’s, and assisted with computer-based training programs.
Maintained domicile computers, printers and mailboxes.
Travel arrangements and issued tickets
Maintained management calendars and appointment scheduling

Accomplishments:
Recovered missing cash deposits exceeding $500 through careful monitoring of details.
Received multiple letters of appreciation from FA’s in resolving concerns beyond expectations.
Recognized by domicile management for exceptional performance of duties on 9/11/01 and the months that followed.
Received letters of commendation from management and peers in appreciation for effectiveness, diligence, teamwork and exceeding expectations in demanding situations.
The Administrative Coordinator Onboard Service position was created for me upon my managers’ requests for me to be recalled from furlough.

Human Resources Assistant (1999-2001)
Conducted conditional job offers to candidates for Flight Attendant employment. Explained hiring process, training, and expectations.
Provided initial contact support to candidates; fielding inquiries and monitoring screening process.
Scheduled candidates for medical exams utilizing ten U.S. facilities, organizing travel, issuing tickets, managing facility schedules and test results.
Assisted with candidate selection process; open-house interviews nationwide, identifying and screening, initiating pre-employment testing (background, medical, language-speaker), and training coordination.
Delivered weekly new-hire orientations for 30-60 trainees; prepared and processed all new-hire paperwork along with supporting documents for U.S. employment verification.
Presented benefit programs, processed all benefit enrollment forms.
Generated paper and electronic new-hire personnel and medical files. Managed I-9 database and ensured on-time follow-up of all expiring work authorizations.
Prepared statistical reports for staff meetings and monthly distribution.
Coordinated and facilitated many successful multi-campus recruiting events

Accomplishments:
Instituted measures to improve hiring process and remove any perceived barriers for applicants.
Turned around previous difficulties as liaison between department and training center staff.
Received multiple awards in recognition for effectiveness of performance.
Initiated FA training for staff, a five-day program providing acclimation to FA procedures.
Assisted in development and transition from paper files to PeopleSoft application, facilitating increased frequency of I-9 updates and adherence to federal requirements in secure environment.

EDUCATION:
DEPAUL UNIVERSITY, Chicago, Illinois 1994 to 1997
Completed 3 years of coursework toward a Bachelor of Arts degree in International Relations (major) & Spanish (minor)

AFFILIATIONS:
Society for Human Resource Management 2017
ASPCA 2017
TRAINING:
1999 to 2008
Confidentiality and Professional Standards
Equal Opportunity and the Law
Software Skills Training Seminars
Documents and Verification for USA Employment
Various Customer Service Training Programs
CPT and ICD-9 Coding
LANGUAGES:
Conversant in Spanish. (Studied Spanish for 5 years)
COMPUTER SKILLS:
Advanced level proficiency with Windows operating systems and internet based searches. Specialized knowledge of
MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Lotus Notes, Outlook, PeopleSoft, Taleo, Lawcruit, SAP, Visio, Apollo, Unimatic, IDX, NEBO, Fidelio, Facebook, Google Documents, Pinterest, LinkedIn and Twitter, EMR (Electronic Medical Records)
Various Proprietary Software

Contact this candidate
