
Ali Aldarweesh, PhD
Charlotte, NC ***** 980-***-****
https://www.linkedin.com/in/ali-darweesh-572b4420/ adagow@r.postjobfree.com
Organizational Leader
Change Champion Global Leadership Training Project Controllership
Senior leader skilled in collaborating with all members of an organization to achieve business and financial objectives. Instrumental in streamlining and improving processes, enhancing productivity, and implementing solutions. Extensive ability to successfully deliver training programs in relation to change management and leadership on global stages (Middle East, China, Europe, India, and USA). Communication skills to effectively collaborate with culturally diverse teams to deliver change management tools and methodologies.
Internal Quality Auditing
Global Leadership Training
Learning Assessments
Total Quality Management
Change Management
Training & Development
Strategic Planning
Quality Management Systems
Process Safety Management
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
ASIA e UNIVERSITY, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 2019
Student, PhD Program, Business Administration
Developed an assessment tool to measure organizational learning capabilities in the petrochemical industry in GCC countries.
SAUDIA ARABIA BASIC INDUSTRIAL CO. (SABIC)/SAUDI METHANOL COMPANY, Saudi Arabia 1998 – 2016
Change Management Consultant, 2011 - 2016
Provided on-going change management support to a number of organizational change initiatives as a member of the center of excellence for change management within HR headquarters.
Designed and delivered global change management trainings to the seniors, managers, and staff to ensure successful implementation of change initiatives.
Increased skills through training and consulting for individuals on project teams to promote change initiatives.
As a facilitator within SABIC Academy, delivered a number of leadership and change management training globally (MENA, Asia, Europe, and USA).
Presented a field study measuring effectiveness of materials management for industrial construction projects.
Communication Leader, Supply Chain Management Project, 2009 - 2011
Increased awareness and acceptance of the EMDAD (The Arabic equivalent word to supply chain) project among SABIC employees.
Established and coordinated Change Agent Network (CAN) which include training its members on change management concepts and tools.
Staff Specialist, Total Quality Management (TQM), 2001 - 2008
Managed the TQM system in Arrazi (a subsidiary of SABIC) increasing compliance to ISO quality and environmental standards.
Gained practical experience in managing and auditing quality management systems in accordance with ISO9001:2000.

Assessed and benchmarked the efficiency of maintenance units and utilized the DEA approach.
Maintenance Scheduler, 1998 - 2001
Produced a daily plan and schedule for annual turnarounds and shutdowns utilizing Around the Clock (ATC) turnaround management software.
Utilized SAP PM, an ERP integrated module-based system for plant maintenance.

Additional Professional Experience
Production Scheduler/Software Application Engineer (1993 – 1997), Al-Khobar, Eastern Province, Saudi Arabia
Contractor (1988 – 1993), Al-Darweesh Establishment, Tarout, Eastern Province, Saudi Arabia
Supervisor, Crane Shop (1987), The Marine Department, Ras Tanura Pier, Dammam, Eastern Province, Saudi Arabia & Offshore
Earth Moving Maintenance (1986 – 1987), Roads & Heavy Equipment Department, The Central Area, Dhahran

EDUCATION & CREDENTIALS
PhD, Business Administration, Asia e University, Malaysia
Master of Business Administration, King Fahad University of Petroleum and Minerals, Dhahran, Saudi Arabia
Master of Science, Construction Engineering & Management, King Fahad University of Petroleum and Minerals, Dhahran, Saudi Arabia
Bachelor of Science, Mechanical Engineering, The University of Texas at El Paso, El Paso, TX
Certified Change Management Practitioner, APMG International (UK)
Certified FIRO-B [Fundamental Interpersonal Relations Orientation-Behavior], CPP Asia Pacific
Certified 360 Assessment Feedback

Contact this candidate
