
YUSSEF A. AWIN
Westland, MI *****
503-***-****
adagy2@r.postjobfree.com
U.S. CITIZEN
AREA OF EXPERTISE
CAD/CAM software:
AutoCAD, SolidWorks,
Autodesk Inventor, UG NX,
and CREO (Pro E).
Computational fluid dynamic
(CFD & FEA):
ANSYS, Star CCM, Trace 700,
MATLAB, Simulink, and EES.
Statistical Software:
Minitab and Excel.
MS Office:
Excel, Word, Outlook, Visio,
Acrobat Reader &
PowerPoint.
Expertise in Researching and
designing:
Design concepts, experience
in developing product design
(NPD), finite element analysis
(FEA), experimental thermal
design, stress analysis,
improving business efficiency
and effectiveness (lean six
sigma), tolerance analysis
and manufacturing
drawings(GD&T), and design
for manufacturing &
assembly (DFM/DFA).
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
MSc. in Mechanical Engineering with over ten years of professional experience in Mechanical Design Engineering.
Experienced in all the design aspects and stages of a product, including research, development, and manufacture through to installation and final commissioning.
Proficient in CAD/CAE software such as SolidWorks, CREO (Pro-E), AutoCAD, UG NX, and Autodesk Invertor.
Proficient in CFD software & (FEA) such as ANSYS, Star CCM, and EES.
Very advanced problem analysis and solving skills and proven ability to resolve complex customer complaints.
Ability to travel as needed (currently traveling about 35%).
A strong data-driven decision-maker with Strong MS office skills proficiency with Minitab quality software.
Possess a good team spirit.
Having the ability to create innovative and cost-efficient product designs. WORK EXPERIENCE
University of Detroit Mercy – Detroit, MI May 2015 to Present Research & Development Engineer
Responsible for: Providing the technical solution to the components and the entire system. Establishing a design from concept to production including prototyping, testing, material selection, and validating. Gathering relevant information for product design from the sources interfacing with OEM components. Founding and developing structural finite element analysis (FEA) simulations and design optimizations using various software applications
(CAD/CAE &CFD), providing a Design Failure Mode and Effect Analysis (DFMEA) and DVP&R, generating 3D CAD models, drawings and designing documentation via techniques of a design for manufacturing & assembly (DFM/DFA or DFMA). Also, creating innovative and cost-efficient product designs. Duties:
Gathering relevant information for product design from the sources interfacing with OEM
Providing and supporting DFMEAs and DVP&R.
Providing "design for manufacturing & assembly" (DFM/DFA). PERSONAL SKILLS
Ability to work under any
condition, the ability to make
a decision, time
management, self-
motivation, organize, and
adaptability.
AWARDS & HONORS
Best Mechanical Engineer
Award, two years (2012,
2013), HIEP, Misurata, Libya.
1st Award for Best Projects in
Engineering & Sciences
(2009), National Institution
for Scientific Research, Libya.
3rd Award for Best Projects in
Engineering & Science (2008),
National Institution for
Scientific Research, Libya.
ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION
U.S. Citizen
Bilingual (English and Arabic)
An American Society of
Mechanical Engineers
member.
By using computer-aided design (CAD/CAE) to create new and existing geometric drawings/models GD&T.
Generating CAD models, drawings, and design documentation (layouts, assemblies, detail).
Establishing and providing FEA simulation for the prototype phase.
Manufacturing and Assembling different prototypes, the fixtures, and the instruments which are from plastics, sheet metal & Aluminum using machines and hands.
Testing and experimenting with different prototypes and Monitoring the results and converting the data to graphs.
Analyzing, validating, and evaluating data gathered during research.
Publishing research works.
Supporting other teams.
Industrial Research Center & Development Misurata, LY Jun 2003 to Jan 2014 Sr. Mechanical Design Engineer
Responsible for: Designing, developing, creating products, and supervising a lot of projects (electromechanical), training different courses, and publishing some research.
Duties:
Developing products design.
Providing "design for manufacturing & assembly” for a lot of the products. o Spare parts (General Co. for Trucks/” Iveco& Daewoo” Libya branch) o Pumps (Loloat Libya for general construction)
o Hydraulic systems (water and sewage company)
Designing, developing, and manufacturing of many products: o A hybrid system to improve gas turbine plant using Aqua- ammonia absorption cycle.
o HVAC systems for buildings, factories, and Schools. o Generation of electric wind power.
o Wind turbine generator & solar systems.
o Air conditioning unit for desert homes.
o A design for Tensile and compression tests for metals. o A design to test the impact and hardness of materials.
Training different courses, such as CAD & FCD Software.
Providing FEA simulation for the prototypes of several products.
Implement a Design Failure Mode & Effect Analysis (FMEA), Process Quality Control Plans (PQCP).
COURSEWORK
INCLUDED:
Six Sigma, Heat Transfer,
Manufacture (I, II), Fluid
Mechanics, Computational
Fluid Dynamics, Finite
Element Analysis,
Thermodynamics, IC Engines,
Air Dynamics, Design (I, II),
Project Management, HVAC,
Control Systems and
Vibration.
Leading a multinational team and solving critical issues and preventing project delay.
Publishing some research projects involving clean energy. Thermodynamics Group Center for Aerospace Research Tripoli, LY Aug 2000 to Jun 2003
Jr. Mechanical Engineer
Responsible for: Designing, creating, and assembling some systems for jets. Moreover, supervising a study of a unique thermal phenomenon. Duties:
Designing air-fuel systems for jets.
Designing hydraulic systems for jets.
Supervising a particular project involving a study of thermal phenomena.
Working collaboratively with a team to assemble jets. ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
University of Detroit Mercy Adv. Courses in Mechanical Engineering GPA: 4.00 2017 University of Tripoli Master of Science in Mechanical Engineering 2010 Overall GPA: 3.74; World Education Services evaluated PUBLICATIONS
1. Awin Y, and Dukhan N, “Experimental performance assessment of metal-foam flow fields for proton exchange membrane fuel cells”, Applied Energy Journal, 252 (2019) 113458, https://doi.org/10.1016/j.apenergy.2019.113458. 2. Awin Y, “Novel Bipolar Plate with Metal-Foam Flow Field for PEM Fuel Cells: Basic Design and Performance”, EATON AND LSMCE, Technical Open House, 2018. 3. Awin Y, and Dukhan N. Metal-foam bipolar plate for PEM fuel cells: simulations and preliminary results. In: Proceedings, 10th international conference on porous metals and metallic foam, Nanjing, China, September 14 to 17; 2017. 4. Emdini S, and Awin Y,” Energy and Management Methodologies in Libyan Planning”, Asian-Pacific Conference on Management and Business, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia; September 2013.
5. Awin Y, and Fellah G,” Performance Enhancement of Unit number six in Misurata Gas Turbine Power Plant by Effective Utilization of the Exhaust Gases”, 23rd International Symposium on Transport Phenomena, Auckland, New Zealand, November 19-22; 2012.

Contact this candidate
