
VIGNESH ROYAL DANDU
H.NO:**/*** Mobile: +91-855*******
Near Income Tax oﬃce E-mail: adahhu@r.postjobfree.com Nandyal, Kurnool (Dist.)-518501
Career Objective:
Seeking the role of Graduate Mechanical Engineer where I can enhance my educa on and professional skills to build a long term career in a stable and dynamic workplace. Highlights of Qualification:
Course Specialization Institute Year CGPA/Percentage B.Tech Mechanical
Engineering
RGMCET,
JNTU Anantapur 2015 - 2019 7.2
Intermediate MPC Narayana Junior
College 2013 - 2015 89%
SSC All subjects KRPS 2013 9.5
Projects Carried:
Minor Project: Study and FEA on Road SkateBoard, Duration: 3 Months Road skate is considered as one of the sports equipment. Here in the project a detail study on working of the skateboard in a real- me is done. Based on the literature survey FEA is carried out to determine the stresses induced. Major Project: Fabrication of Box Transport Mechanism, Duration: 6 Months Box transport mechanism involves the use of Crank-Rocker Mechanism for the movement of work parts. Here an ini al study on the various transport mechanism is done and analyzed the mo ons of each link involved in various systems. And an op mized mo on of the links are made with an aid of Robert’s_ Chebyschev theorem for the fabrica on .
Internship Experience: 45 days (2019 May-June):
Worked at Automo ve Manufacturers Pvt Ltd under the launching of the KIA SELTOS car in India. In this Kia Training program I was given an opportunity to learn about the advanced technical features which are at part with other leading brands and also the marke ng/sales skill enhancement.
Workshops & Seminars Attended and Organized :
● A ended “Fabrica on of RC aircra ” workshop at RGMCET in March 2016.
● A ended “NX Designing and Valida on” Workshop at RGMCET in September 2017.
● A ended Workshop on “Working of Quadrotor” at RGMCET in March 2018.
● Appeared for a workshop on “Assembly and Dis-assembly of Automobile Engine ” at RGMCET in February 2019
● Organized Farewell and Freshers Events in RGMCET. Technical Skills:
● AutoCAD : Basic Knowledge on sketching various 2D-Proﬁles.
● Pro-E : Appreciable Knowledge on Modelling 3D-Components
● CATIA-V5 : Basic Knowledge on various modules like Part, Assembly, Genera ve Able to work under pressure.
Areas of Interest:
● IC Engines
● Thermodynamics
● Gas Turbines
● FEM
Strengths:
● Strong communica on skills.
● Able to under pressure.
● Highly mo vated and energe c in nature.
● Organize, plan and priori se work.
● Cri cal thinking.
Software Skills:
● MS Oﬃce.
● XL
● Basic-C Language
Personal Information:
Father's Name : Dandu Balavenkateswarlu
Date of Birth : 09/05/1997
Hobbies : Travelling, Listening to Music, Watching Movies Languages known : Telugu, Hindi, English
Na onality : Indian
References (s) : Provided upon Request
Declaration:
I do hereby declare that all the informa on given above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Date:
Place: VIGNESH ROYAL DANDU

Contact this candidate
