
Kavitha Arulselvan Phone : 908-***-****
Green Card (Expires 10/11/2021) Email : adahkx@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
More than 5 Years of experience in Software Testing, Writing and executing Test plans and Test cases in highly structured environments and performing all types of testing.
About 3 Months of experience in Selenium web driver using Java.
Developed Test Plans, Test Cases and Test Scripts, Test Logs and customized scripts according to client’s requirements.
Involved in Manual Testing in the client server and web-based applications on Windows environment.
Involved in Mobile testing using iPhone, iPad, Samsung Phone and Samsung tablet with Chromecast for Global App team and Testlio.
Experience in Quality Assurance & Testing phases including Integration Testing (Full Regression), System Testing (End-to-End) and Deployment Readiness Test
Strong in planning/executing Integration test, Functional/System test, Regression test, white box and Black-box.
Knowledge in Analysis of Defect severity, Defect tracking System and Defect reporting.
Experience in SQL Server writing SQL queries.
Ability to work under strict deadlines, good at problem solving, adaptable, responsible hardworking team player and can work independently as well as team member.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Operating Systems
Windows XP/Vista / 7/10 and Mac
Programming Languages
Java, Python, Selenium webdriver
Testing Methodologies
Functional, Usability, Cross Browser and Mobile
RDBMS
MS SQL Server and Oracle
Defect Trackers
JIRA, HP QC and Mantis
Others
MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)

CAREER PROFILE:
Dates
Organization
Role
Jan 2018 – Till Date
dScape
QA Analyst
Nov 2016 – Dec 2017
MediaRebel
QA Analyst
Jan 2012 – Oct 2016
UpWork, GAT, Testlio and MyCrowd
Independent Contractor
Feb 2003 – Aug 2005
Sai Softek Services Pvt. Ltd., Pune, India
QA Tester
July 2000 – June 2001
Hindustan Aeronautics Limited, Hyderabad, India
Apprentice Trainee

Education:
Degree
University
Major
Bachelor of Engineering
Bharathidasan University, Tiruchirappalli
Electronics and Communication

WORK EXPERIENCE:
DScape Custom eMedia Solutions Jan 2018 – Till Date
QA Engineer
DScape consult, strategize, design, create, host and support powerful e-media tools for every business communication need.
Dscape has more products which is implemented for different clients like “The Children Place”, “Comcast”, “Siemens”. Successful users of the SaaS CloserConnect platform and LMS include Fortune 500 companies, mid-sized companies, small companies, schools and non-profits.

Responsibilities:
Created Test plans based on the business requirements.
Involved in Cross browser, functionality, usability and role-based access testing.
Issues are created and maintained through JIRA.
Created JSON data for the given document.
Currently I am involved to implement the automation testing using Selenium and Java.

MediaRebel July 2017 – Dec 2017
QA Engineer
BWP Project - BWP is a not-for-profit organization owned by the citizens of Burbank. Our mission is to provide reliable, affordable and sustainable water and electric services.
https://dev6.burbankwaterandpower.com/
Responsibilities:
Involved in Cross browser, functionality and usability testing.
Involved in retesting and regression testing after fix the issues by the developer.
Issues and documents are tracked through google documents (Word and Excel)

MediaRebel Nov 2016 – June 2017
QA Engineer
Court Ordering Process - MediaRebel is the most technologically advanced video deposition platform available today. You will greatly increase your ability to effectively manage witness testimony, and instantly glean insightful psychological and emotional behavior – allowing you to profile each witness.
https://legaldev.mediarebel.com/users/login/
Responsibilities:
Created Test plans based on the business requirements.
Involved in functionality based on the requirements, usability and cross browser testing.
Performed retesting and Regression testing to test the impact of bug fix.
Issues are created and maintained through Mantis.
Involved access privileges testing based on the role.

UpWork, Testlio, Global App Team and MyCrowd, USA Jan 2012 – Oct 2016
QA Engineer

UpWork, Testlio and Global app is a global marketplace that helps businesses hire, manage and pay remote freelancers or teams.

Completed multiple projects for Cross browser testing, functionality, usability and mobile testing.
Projects
Team
MessageLOUD mobile app
Upwork
Marketing Content Websites
Pitney Bowes Inc
Multiple mobile app testing
Global App Team and MyCrowd
Mobile testing using CBS Chromecast
Testlio

Responsibilities:
Created Test plans based on the business requirements.
Involved in testing Web based application and Cross browser testing.
Performed Regression testing to test the impact of bug fix.
Involved in manually testing of various modules of the application to ensure application stability and functionality.
Conducted functionality, interface and integration testing during the various phases of the project.
Mobile testing using actual iPhone, iPad, Samsung Phone and Samsung Pad based on the client requests. Also test using Chromecast.
Execute test cases with multiple scenarios and create issues if there are any in the client systems.
Communicate with the team about the issues and track the issues until it close.
Reproduce the issues which is created by other testers.

Sai Softek Services Pvt. Ltd., Pune, India July 2004 – Aug 2005
QA Tester

Project Description:
STARS (SAI Technical Assistance Request System) are a powerful web-based bug tracking system.
Responsibilities:
Developed test cases based on functional specifications and requirement specifications.
Created/updated and maintained test cases.
Written informative descriptions on the issues.
Used to complete the tasks to meet project deadlines.
Reported successfully on completion of the testing phase of the project.
Executed test cases, worked closely with engineers and product managers while writing bug descriptions.
Interacted with various developers.
Performed Regression testing and System testing.

Environment: Manual Testing, Java, JSP and SQL Server 7.0

Sai Softek Services Pvt. Ltd., Pune, India Feb 2003 – Jun 2004
QA Tester

Description: The current business of Tero is a part of Supply Chain Management that also deals with Customer Relationship Management, which handles distributors and various products at various destinations around the globe. The system will have provisions for Distributor-products supply chain; these will help attain long-term goals envisaged by the company.

Responsibilities:
Developed detailed Use Case to describe the functionality of the system.
Created and executed the test cases for various scenarios, and participated actively in system, integration, performance and regression testing for every new build released.
Analyze all Report Bugs for continuous process improvement.
Performed the web testing of the application for browser dependency.

Environment: VB, COM and SQL Server

Hyderabad, India July 2000 – Dec 2000
Apprentice Trainee

Project Description:
The health of Control Unit is tested by Test Software. IFF Transponder is controlled by Micro controller-based CU. Test Software includes the following tests,
oBasic Instruction Set checking
oAddress line checking
oData line checking
oMemory and Display test

Hyderabad, India Jan 2001 – Jun 2001
Apprentice Trainee

Project Description:
The function of Control Unit is tested by Test JIG. This JIG simulates the necessary interface that exists in Aircraft/Ship to check the functionality of CU. The following tests are carried out,
oPOST (display 000000 t0 FFFFFF with delay of 0.5sec)
oVarious Modes (M1, M2, M3, MC, MS) ON/OFF checking
oData transfer checking and IP operation
oData transfer under LOW, NOR & EMER conditions

Contact this candidate
