
BHAVANI SELVI C
Phone: +91-824*******
E-mail: adahno@r.postjobfree.com

CAREER OBJECTIVE
To become a part of Growing Organization and apply my Professional, Technical and Interpersonal skills, and thus develop myself and Achieve the goal and vision of the company.

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION

B.E -Computer science and Engineering (2010-2014).
Rajas International Institute of Technology for women, Nagercoil.
First class with 69%
Higher Secondary Education (2009-2010).
Kammavar Girls Higher Secondary School, Kalugumalai.
First class with 71.3%
SSLC (2007-2008)
St. Louisa Girls High School, kalugumalai
First class with 86.2%

ORGANISATIONAL EXPERIENCE

Over 7 months of Experience, working as an ‘ Test Engineer’ in TechUnity Software Systems India Private Ltd, Coimbatore from May 2014 to November 2014.

Ability to understand the client Requirements and well experienced in team work, delivering work products on time.
Experience in Black Box Testing, System Testing and Regression Testing.
Good Knowledge of HP automation tool QTP and VB Script language
Hands-on experience in Requirement Analysis, Development of test cases, Test Case execution and Defect tracking
Having Experience in Web based application using manual testing techniques.
Expert in Bug tracking tool – JIRA

Technical Skills:
Testing Methodologies: Functional Testing, Regression Testing, Integration Testing
Automation Testing Tools: Selenium Web Driver/RC, QTP,
Bug Tracking Tools: JIRA, BugZilla
Test Management Tools: HP QualityCenter

PROJECTS UNDERTAKEN:

Project 1: DocStar - Software Tester.

Client
DocStar
Organization
TechUnity Software Systems India Private Ltd.
Team Size
2
Testing type
Manual
Duration
May 2014 to July 2014

Project Description:
DocStar application is a web application. It is a document management software which is used for managing all types of documents. Creating work flow and Publishing the document and also generating report for a document.

As a Test Engineer, responsibilities:
Creating test cases.
Reviewing test cases.
Executing test cases and finding defects
Preparing defect report
Posting the bugs in the Bug tracking system- BugZilla.

Project 2: IRBManager- Software Tester.

Client
Tech Software
Organization
TechUnity Software Systems India Private Ltd.
Team Size
2
Testing type
Manual
Duration
From August 2014 to November 2014

Project Description:
IRB Manager is a fully web based system and used in Biomedical Research. IRB Manager provides a tool to help manage the information, document generation, document attachments.

As a Test Engineer, responsibilities:
Creating test cases using Zephyr for JIRA.
Reviewing test cases.
Executing test cases and finding defects
Posting the bugs in the Bug tracking system- JIR
Personal Profile:

Date of Birth : 03 May 1993
Father's Name : P. Chiyon Raja
Marital Status : Married
Languages Known : Tamil and English
Nationality : Indian

I hereby declare that the above mentioned information's are true to best of my Knowledge.

Place: Tirunelveli Signature
Date: Bhavani

Contact this candidate
