
Mounika Bathini
Software Developer In Test
E-mail: adahr8@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile: 469-***-****

Over 5+ years of experience in design and development of software test automation solutions based on software development/release requirements of web-based and client server applications as QA Manual and Automation Test Engineer.

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

Experienced in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Software Test Life Cycle (STLC) in Agile as well as waterfall development environments.
Proficient in different types of testing like Automation, API Testing, Manual, Integration, System, Regression, Black Box, White Box, Performance, Functional, Database validation and User Acceptance Testing.
Experienced in developing Automation Scripts using tools like Selenium (in Java, Junit, TestNG, Page Object Model) using Automation frameworks.
Experienced in implementing different automation development efforts in Agile and Waterfall development environments.
Well acquainted with the documentation of Test Plan, Test Scenarios/ Test Objects, Use cases and Test Cases.
Proficient in Selenium Test suite using components like Selenium WebDriver, Selenium Grid with Java and TestNG.
Experience web services testing (SOAP, RESTful) using SoapUI Pro.
Experience in POSTMAN for API Testing.
Experience in applications design and development using client/Server and 3-tier architecture.
Designed and implemented Test Automation Framework using Java/J2EE.
Experienced in writing complex SQL Queries and working with RDBMS like Oracle and MySQL.
Developed Test Scripts to implement Test Cases, Test Scenarios, Step Definitions and features using Cucumber.
Effectively involved in Defects logging, tracking and managing Defect Life Cycles using QC.
Involved in developing Test Scripts to implement Test Cases, Test Scenarios, and features for TDD (Test Driven Development), BDD (Behavior Driven Development) using Selenium.
Expertise in implementing APACHE POI to read the data from external resources in selenium.
Experienced in Test case management software’s like JIRA.
Well versed with Reporting Mechanism’s (Daily/Weekly/Monthly Status Reports) to Project Stakeholders.
Provide risk analysis and support for seamless product release.
Active participation in daily Scrum stand-up meetings, Sprint Review meetings and Retrospective meetings.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Test Approaches
Waterfall, Agile/Scrum, SDLC
Programming Languages
C, JAVA/J2EE, SQL
Testing Tools
QTP/ UFT, QC/ ALM, Selenium (Selenium IDE, Selenium web driver, Selenium Grid), XPath, SOAP UI, Bugzilla, Cucumber, Maven
Framework
Page Object Model, TestNG, Appium, Data Driven, Hybrid Testing Framework
Other Tools
POSTMAN, JIRA, Microsoft Visual Studio, Microsoft Test Manager, Eclipse IDE, Selenium IDE, GitHub, Jenkins
Operating Systems
Windows XP/7/8/10, MAC
Databases
MY SQL, Oracle, MS SQL Server 2005/2000, MS Access

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

1) Project Profile:
Blackhawk Network, Pleasanton, CA,
July 2018 – Sep 2019,
QA Automation Engineer

Responsibilities:
Participated in all sprint meetings including Planning, Retrospective, Demo, Backlog grooming and meetings.
Used Selenium Web Driver, Java, Maven, POSTMAN and Selenium Grid to create regression automation scripts.
Executed functional and Regression test suites for different applications.
Developed Selenium Framework using Page Object Model, Properties file, Data Driven and TestNG.xml.
Written QA documents, Reports and test cases
Performed API testing of the front-end application using Selenium webdriver.
Wrote automated data-driven test scripts using selenium webdriver to carry out functional, data driven, Integration and regression testing by using reusable actions / test harnesses.
Automated Batch tests for some modules.
Experienced in using HTTP methods like GET, POST, PUT, DELETE Methods in POSTMAN for API Testing.
Developed test scripts using different web element locators (id, name, CSS selector, XPath).
Used Load Runner to develop scripts to conduct performance testing.
Developed test suites by grouping test cases using TestNG annotations.
Developed Test Suites (Java-Selenium) in Eclipse IDE and modified the selenium scripts and executed.
Maintained all the Requirements, Test Objects and Test cases in HP ALM.
Developed and executed SQL Queries to perform backend database testing.
Provided estimates of resource and schedule for the tasks to be completed.
Worked on Jira for writing test cases, generating test reports and as a project management tool for carrying out sprint process.

Environment: MS SQL Server, Windows, Selenium WebDriver, Java, TestNG, Maven, Eclipse, JIRA, SoapUI Pro, XML, SQL.

2) Project Profile:
IBM, Bangalore, India,
March 2016 – Feb 2018,
QA Automation Engineer

Project Name: IMB DENMARK

Responsibilities:
Prepared Test cases for positive and negative test scenarios as referred in the user stories keeping in mind the Boundary Value Limitations, Equivalence partition classes.
Participated in Requirement Specification Meetings (RSD) to understand the application’s functional requirements to initialize the test scenarios, test flows and test procedures.
Initially project development was in waterfall model and now it is in transition state to Agile and I was a part of all the transition meetings and helped the team with all the KT and tools.
Scripted Tests and automated using Selenium IDE /Selenium WebDriver at OS level for User Interface (UI).
Used Quality Center to track bugs and maintained the flow of iterations.
Responsible for performing build jobs and code updates.
Involved in developing the automation script for SPoE application using Java and C Test Automation tool.
Supported code SQL queries to perform data integrity testing and for Back-End Database Validations.
Defect logging, tracking and retesting using JIRA.
Performed database testing, complete backend testing and web-based testing.
Responsible for Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment using Selenium.
Worked closely with the developers within the Agile SCRUM team for bug reviews and participated in QA Meetings.

Environment: Eclipse, HTML, XML, Quality Center, SQL, Oracle, Windows, Internet Explorer, Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Git, Agile, Waterfall, MS-office.

3) Project Profile:

IBM, Chennai, India,
May 2014 – Feb 2016,
QA Automation Engineer

Project Name: CiRATS

Responsibilities:
Assessed & analyzed user stories and participated in Sprint planning, Review Sessions & Scrum Meetings and developed Test cases, Test data, Test procedures and Test reports.
Extensively worked on Integration and Manual testing to check compatibility of new functionality with the existing functionalities of the application.
Reviewed database test cases according to assigned Requirements to validate reports by retrieving data with SQL queries from MySQL. Implementation of QA approaches to ensure quality of a product and was involved in project planning and coordination.
Performed manual API testing, Unit testing for Production and also used Selenium IDE for application testing
Used HP Quality Center to store all testing results, metrics, implemented test plan document, created test cases, Defect tracking and reporting.
Expertise in generating the daily defect detailed report using Quality Center for the other project stake holders and the project Management.
Segregated Bugs on the basis of severity and priority and maintained the log using HP Quality Center.
Reported QA Status reports, Defect Log reports, Traceability reports and Test execution & results reports.

Environment: Windows, MySQL, waterfall model, MS-office, HP Quality Center, TSRM, WinSCP, WAS 8.5, RAD 7.5, Eclipse 4.0, SQL, Core Java, Eflux Framework.

Contact this candidate
