
Vinoth V
adahnd@r.postjobfree.com
+91-088********
Job Objective
Seeking challenging assignment as a Mechanical engineer with a growth oriented Organization of high repute & proving myself as an asset to the organization. Summary
BE (Mechanical) with 3+ years of experience in product design, development and Service.
Work Experience
Indira Metal components as NPD Designer (Sep 2018 – Till Now)
Butterfly Ghandhimathi Home Appliances Ltd (Unlimitive) as NPD Engineer (July 2016 – Oct 2017)
Devendra Exports Pvt Ltd as GET (Jan 2014 - April 2015)
Develop and review design prototypes, perform test and finalize product design to facilitate mass production.
Design new concepts for development of new products and maintain technical compatibility to develop concepts into real products.
Prepare product design and test plans, review design and recommend adequate changes to the approved models before actual role out of new products.
Conduct performance analysis of prototypes and ensure assemblage of products follow company’s quality parameters.
Design innovative production techniques and provide support to existing ones for new design roll out.
Design and develop new concepts as per clients requirement
Analyze new components, materials and technologies to evaluate functionality for all new product development.
Improve Process quality by design new testing fixtures and gauges.
Responsible for process improvements.
Verifying process parameters & fix it.
Responsible for the trouble shooting on line.
Responsible for APQP & PPAP coordination.
Maintain documents as per ISO standards.
Responsible for documentation as per system in the section
T V Sundaram Iyengar and Sons Pvt Ltd as CRE (Nov 2017 – Sep 2018)
Communicates with clients about vehicle problems and warranty issues
Maintains positive relationships with clients to ensure repeat and return customers
Answers customer questions about services, including when to expect vehicle repairs
Ensures customer vehicle is finished on time and details for customer services rendered and costs for those services, ensuring satisfaction at every step of interaction
Academic Details
B.E (Mechanical) from SACS MAVMM Eng College, Madurai with 6.67 CGPA in 2013
Class 12th Science Stream from MC Her Sec School, Madurai with 67% in 2009
Class 10th from Peniel High School, Natham with 72% in 2007 Software Skills
AutoCad
Creo
Solid works
MS Office
SAP
Skills
Problem Solving techniques
Creativity
Assemble Project Deliverables
Assist With Field and Manufacturing Problems
Communication Skills
Teamwork
Clearly Explain Design Ideas
Planning and Decision Making
Personal Details
Place:
Date: (V Vinoth)
Father’s Name : Sh. R.Venkatesan
Mother’s Name : Smt V.Mallika
D. O. B : 03-FEB-1992
Gender : Male
Marital Status : Married
Passport No : Z4277629
Languages Known : Tamil & English
Permanent Address : 5th Street,Poriyalar nagar,
Madurai (Distc),
Tamilnadu-625014.

Contact this candidate
