
JONO ANISHKAR
East Street, Keezha Manakudy, TN **9602, India.
Contact:+917*********; E-Mail- adahtr@r.postjobfree.com PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Mechanical Engineering Professional with 5+ years of experience in varied industries, including Manufacturing and Maintenance, looking for new opportunities in Design field.
SKILLS
Product Design
CATIA
Auto CAD
Production
Quality Control
Maintenance
Supervision
Inventory Control
Documentation
SAP
Good Communication
Team Player
WORK HISTORY
11/2012 to 11/2013 Diploma Apprentice – CNC Machine Operator Hyundai Motor India Limited, Chennai.
Good Working skills in Cylinder Head Machining.
Produces machined parts by programming, setting up and operating a Computer Numerical Control (CNC) machine.
Maintains quality and safety standards.
Maintains equipment and supplies.
Keeping records.
3C and 5S concepts.
11/2013 to 11/2014 Workshop Assistant
Shaji Motor Works, Colachel, Tamilnadu.
Raise trucks, buses and heavy parts or equipment by using hydraulic jacks or hoists.
Inspect brake systems, steering mechanisms, transmissions, engines and other parts of vehicles.
Do routine maintenance, such as changing oil, changing filter elements, checking batteries and lubricating equipment and parts.
Adjust and align wheels, tighten bolts and screws and attach system components.
Repair or replace malfunctioning components, parts and other mechanical equipments.
11/2014 to 04/2016 Diploma Trainee – CNC Machine Operator Hyundai Motor India Limited, Chennai.
Plans machining by studying machining parameters, specifications, materials and models.
Verifies settings by measuring positions, first run part and sample work pieces; adhering to international standards.
Inspect the job as per drawing and process, maintain ‘In Process Inspection’ sheet.
Handling ABB robots and Gantry robots.
Maintains equipment by completing preventive maintenance requirements and troubleshooting malfunctions.
Maintains safe operations by adhering to safety procedures and regulations.
Plans stock inventory by checking stock to determine available; anticipating needed stock.
Achieving management daily target.
Maintains continuity among work shifts by documenting and communicating actions, irregularities, and continuing needs.
Documents actions by completing production and quality logs. 04/2016 to 08/2018 Junior Engineer – RMC Plants (Maintenance) Al-Tasnim Enterprises LLC – Muscat, Oman.
Ensure the operations of machinery and mechanical equipments by completing preventive maintenance requirements on motors, pneumatic tools, conveyor systems, production machines and DG’s and troubleshooting malfunctions.
Removes defective parts by dismantling devices using hoist, crane, hand and power tools; examining form and texture of parts.
Controls the downtime by informing workers of preventive maintenance techniques and monitoring compliance.
Maintains equipment, parts and supplies inventories by checking stocks to determine inventory level; anticipating needed equipment, parts, and supplies; placing and expediting orders; verifying receipt.
Conserves maintenance resources by equipment and supplies as needed to accomplish job results.
Provides mechanical maintenance information by answering questions and requests.
Prepares mechanical maintenance reports by collecting, analysing and summarizing information and trends.
Maintains good communications among work teams.
Maintains safe and clean working environment by complying with procedures, rules and regulations.
Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. EDUCATION
2012 Diploma in Mechanical Engineering - 74%
Morning Star Polytechnic College - Chunkankadai, Tamil Nadu, India. 2009 HSC: Maths, Physics, Chemistry and Biology - 62% Government Higher Secondary School - Thovalai, Tamil Nadu, India. 2006 SSLC - 62%
Carmel Higher Secondary School - Nagercoil, Tamil Nadu, India. CERTIFICATION
2019 Certificate in Product Design (Auto CAD 2D&3D, CATIA and GD&T) CADD Centre Training Services, Nagercoil, Tamil Nadu, India ID. No : M180924366
2014 Diploma in AutoCAD
TCEDS Computer Education, Nagercoil, Tamil Nadu, India SOFTWARE KNOWLEDGE
CATIA
AUTO CAD 2D & 3D
SAP
MS Excel
LANGUAGE KNOWN
English
Tamil
Hindi
PERSONAL DETAILS
Father’s Name : J. Joseph Antony.
Date of Birth : 20/04/1991.
Sex : Male.
Marital Status : Unmarried.
Nationality : Indian.
Passport Number : L7064004.
Declaration
I hereby declare that all the details furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge.
Date Yours
Place
(J. Jono Anishkar)

Contact this candidate
