
Aswin Prabhakaran M: +91-701*******; adahmp@r.postjobfree.com
EDUCATION
B.E.(ECE) 76% K.S.R. College of Engineering,Tiruchengode 2018
Intermediate 89% ST.Joseph’s. Mat. Hr. Sec. School, Tirupur 2014
Matriculation 90% ST.Joseph’s. Mat. Hr. Sec. School, Tirupur 2012 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION & OTHER ACHIEVEMENTS
Good knowledge of statistics and machine learning algorithms like Linear & Logistic Regression, Clustering Algorithms like KNN & K means Clustering, Decision Tree & Random Forest, NLP, PCA, Support Vector Machines & Recommender Systems, Data Visualization etc.
Basic understanding of deep learning frameworks like TensorFlow and Keras.
Certified by Udemy for completing “Python for Data Science and Machine Learning Boot camp” course.
Participated in online “Hackathon” conducted by Kaggle.Com
Undergone six months Project Readiness Program (PRP) training conducted by Wipro Technologies in campus.
Participated in ten days immense training on Programming Fundamentals conducted by Infosys under Campus Connect.
Trained and Certified by Oracle University on completing fundamentals of Unix, Linux and SQL CO- CURRICULAR PROFILE
Won 3rd prize in Paper Presento on “E-Waste” held at Banari Amman Institute of Technology on 17th & 18th of March 2015.
Participated in the Code Challenge conducted by K.S.R. College of Engineering, Tiruchengode in 2016.
Won many prizes in competitions like Group Discussion, Spell bee, Oratorical & Debate conducted by English club of K.S.R. College of Engineering every year.
Overall Coordinator of Placement Activities &Technical Symposium “BLOOM2K16” conducted by Department of Electronics and Communication Engineering in 2016. WORK EXPERIENCE
Associate Data Scientist – Datakalp LLP, Bangalore, India June 2019 – Present I. NLP
Developing Natural Language Interface for Relational Database aka Chabot where in a natural language question is parsed to frame SQL queries for RD using advanced Machine Learning framework like Rasa II. Computer Vision ( Video Analytics)
Developing scripts for generating visualizations on the models predictions against the ground truth.
Generating the input data from the recorded videos and performing preprocessing by classify the objects in the frames extracted from videos
III. E-commerce Industry
Provided analytical insights on the inventory data by performing visualizations and generating plots and graphs to address the business problem.
Associate Software Engineer – Oracle Corporation, Bangalore, India 13th August 2018 – May 2019 I. Time Series Forecasting
With the data-set of records of Daily Incidents received, Forecasted with a POC to the client on the amount of the Incidents that could be possibly expected to receive across different modules.
Analyzed the pattern of Incidents received on individual modules and suggested the common cause and nature of incidents through Word Cloud
II. Performed Data Visualization & Analysis on real time datasets using Python III. Worked in ERP, BRM (Billing and Revenue Management) and SQL. ACADEMIC PROJECTS
Marine Alert System to Assist Fishermen Rescue Operation Using Raspberry-PI, Accelerometer, ZigBee & Gps
User Validation (Sign-In & Sign-Up) Webpage using HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Angular-JS, Sql. Website Link: http://aswinguviproject.000webhostapp.com
Credit Card Bill Generator using Java.
Practiced Linear Regression on E-Commerce Datasets and Logistic Regression on Titanic Dataset.
Performed Clustering Operations using KNN Algorithm
Practiced Data Visualization and Analysis on Data Capstone Projects on 911 calls dataset from Kaggle Personal Details:
Name Aswin Prabhakaran
DOB 25-10-1996
Present Address 70, 34th dollar scheme, Madiwala, Bangalore Languages English, Tamil, Kannada
(Aswin P)

Contact this candidate
