
Profile Summary

Ten (**+) years extensive experience in Reservoir Management (Surveillance); field development planning, well performance review & Workover proposals, reserve estimation & new development well design & planning.
Seven (7+) years extensive experience in Reservoir Simulation; Built and maintain up to date dynamic model using ECLIPS, PETREL RE & CMG, incorporating all static and dynamic data & matching the historical data.
Experience in Carry out reservoir engineering analysis on data obtained from well tests, PVT, Core analysis and production history to understand reservoir behavior/ characterization and ensure optimum recovery.
Experience in Work with team of geoscientists; work over engineers for new well planning, Workover & completion design.
Good knowledge and understanding of well operational aspects including completions, well test (DST), well intervention.
Experience in Developing and implementing data analytics solutions that will maximize production efficiency.
In my current role as reservoir engineer at Petro Energy E&P (CNODC-Sudan) I have been responsible for development & production plan for new oil field which Contributed to add million barrels of oil as reserve to the company & thousands daily oil production which add 10% increase of company production.
Conduct more than 5 courses in field of Reservoir Engineering Analysis (Well test, PVT, SCAL) for Sudanese Companies/Institutes
Knowledge of coach & monitor less experienced staff.

Professional Skills
Reservoir Simulation and dynamic modeling.
Develop short- and long-term production and reserve targets for reservoirs.
Actively follow reservoir performance and provide solutions to shortcomings from targets.
Reserve estimation & calculation.
Field/Well production performance analysis.
Calculate PVT data from oil and gas compositional analysis using correlations or non-EOS model.Field Development Planning.
Using core and RFT data, integrate reservoir performance and well tests with geoscience data to determine reservoir layering and continuity.
Production forecast using DCA.
Estimate reservoir pressure from interpretation of pressure transient tests.
Well test design and analysis.
Quick-look Open hole log interpretation.

Career History

1.Reservoir Simulation Engineer @ Petroenergy E&P (CNPC-Sudan), November 2015 to date

Responsible for reservoir engineering & Simulation duties for more than 200 wells for company’s onshore block “6” in Muglad Basin shally sand formation, producing light & heavy crude oil, (Sudan), to ensure the most economic wells were being drilled based on incremental production, updating decline curves, analyzing offset well performance and well review.

Responsibilities
Recommends development and depletion planning to optimize utilization of well, facilities, economies.
Directs and participates in the analysis of well performance to determine any change to well and any course of action to be taken.
Recommends operational procedures to ensure maximum oil recovery.
Forecasts oil, water and gas production in order to ensure the enhancement and maintenance of production levels.

Achievements
Proposed 8 new infill wells up to date using Eclipse software which resulted to Increase original oil in place of X structure by 20 Million Barrel.
Proposed and design more than 100 successful work over Programs either to retrieve production of shut-in wells or to increase daily oil production from problematic wells, as a result, 800,400 barrel of oil had been produce annually.
Worked with multi discipline team of geologist, petrophysicist, workover engineer for 20 new well completion design & successfully achieve company production target to increase daily production by 5000 BOPD.

Projects:
1.Greater Fula FFR Study (Jan 2019 up to date)
Carry out review and analysis of PVT laboratory data of samples taken from well tests.
Modeling the fluid PVT properties (i.e. Formation Volume Factor, Gas Solubility, Bubble Point Pressure and Oil Viscosity) using proper Software and establish the representative fluid properties that will be adopted for the reservoir simulation modeling.
Reservoir Pressure and Temperature Analyses.
Conventional/Special Core Analyses.
Pressure Transient Analyses.
Dynamic Reservoir Modeling/ Field Development Scenarios
IOR scenarios (water and natural gas injection), including injector & producer locations, injection volumes and pressures.
EOR screening for the target reservoirs.

2.Multifunction chemical Agent stimulation for high viscous oil (Jul, 2017 up to June 2018)
Initiate, planning and implement of the first chemical injection project in block-6 for heavy oil viscosity reducer. This includes design, planning, scheduling, preparing preliminary and detailed budget, obtain top management and authority’s approval, controlling and monitoring project field implementation and communicating with field staff. The project took 1 year month to finish and cost $169,460. The project resulted in increased well oil rate by 50% and decrease 40% of WC

3.Water injection lab study for Bentiu & Abu-Gabra formation in Hadida Field (Oct, 2015 up to Jan 2016)
Initiate, planning and implement of water core flooding laboratory study to test the fluid/fluid and fluid/ rock compatibility of injection water with formation water and to calculate the optimum injection rate and minimize formation damage. This includes design planning, scheduling, preparing preliminary and detailed budget, obtain top management and authority’s approval, controlling and monitoring project field implementation and communicating with field staff. The project took 3 months to finish and cost $142,000.

4.Sufyan modeling & development Study (Dec, 2015 up to Jul 2016)
Carry out review and analysis of PVT laboratory data of samples taken from well tests.
modeling the fluid PVT properties (i.e. Formation Volume Factor, Gas Solubility, Bubble Point Pressure and Oil Viscosity) using proper Software and establish the representative fluid properties that will be adopted for the reservoir simulation modeling.
Reservoir Pressure and Temperature Analyses.
Conventional/Special Core Analyses.
Pressure Transient Analyses.
Dynamic Reservoir Modeling/ Field Development Scenarios
IOR scenarios (water and natural gas injection), including injector & producer locations, injection volumes and pressures.
EOR screening for the target reservoirs.

2.Reservoir Engineer @ Petroenergy E&P (CNPC-Sudan), November 2013 to October 2015

Responsible for reservoir engineering duties for more than 100 wells for company’s onshore block “6” in Muglad Basin shally sand formation, producing heavy & light crude oil, (Sudan), to ensure the most economic wells were being drilled based on incremental production, updating decline curves, analyzing offset well performance and well review.

Responsibilities
Preparing production forecasts and provided production optimization support.
Evaluating well performance and perform reserves analysis and booking.
Analyzing competitor completion, production, and sequencing trends to evaluate proposals.
Creating area production profiles and identified potential facility constraints, conducting well testing which included design, analysis and recommendations.
Evaluating open hole and well logs.
Evaluating and reviewed reservoir studies conducted by oil companies and consultants.
Preparing and present annual Development Technical Review (DTR) to regulatory authorities and partners.
Building and updating reservoir simulation models of oil and gas fields by utilizing 3D geologic models.
Conducting studies on development optimization, identification of techniques to increase well production and management of complex petroleum reservoirs.
Documenting technical results, development plans, communicating in lateral and vertical manner.

Achievements
Proposed 7 new infill wells and 3 new step out wells using Eclipse and Petrel RE software’s which resulted to Increase original oil in place of X structure by 60 Million Barrel.
Propose & follow up more than 50 workover jobs which resulted to resume & increase production for oil wells.

Projects:
Hadida Re-modelling Study (Nov. 2014 up to Mar. 2015).
Suf & Sufyan Early Tie-in Development Modelling Study (Mar. 2014~ Nov. 2014).

3.Reservoir Engineer @ Greater Nile Operating Company (GNPOC, Sudan), Jul 2011 to Mar 2012

Responsible for reservoir engineering duties for more than 100 wells for company’s onshore block “2” in Muglad Basin shally sand formation, producing heavy & light crude oil, (Sudan), to ensure the most economic wells were being drilled based on incremental production, updating decline curves, analyzing offset well performance and well review.
Responsibilities
Monitoring of well performance, identify opportunities to improve well performance. Implement recommendations.
In charge of Reservoir performance analysis.
In charge of preparing Workover job proposals.
In charge of preparing Well completion proposals.
Carry out pressure transient test analysis using Saphir® software to define well & reservoir parameters.
Carry out detailed analysis on PVT& SCAL data for use in deriving proper correlation for fluid and rock characteristic.
Carry out reserve calculation and annually update Company ARPR.
Some office management tasks (reports, presentations ….etc).
Achievements
Proposed 3 new infill wells using Eclipse and Petrel RE software’s which resulted to Increase original oil in place of X structure by 15 Million Barrel.
Propose & follow up more than 25 workover jobs which resulted to resume & increase production for oil wells.
Projects:
Participate as Reservoir Engineer in Greater Heglig Field Development study review.

4.Reservoir Engineer @ Sudanese Petroleum Corporation (SPC) – Sudan, March 2010 to October 2013

In charge of Managing, monitoring and evaluation testing & completion operations.
In charge of Well Test Interpretation using Saphir® software to define well & reservoir parameters.
In charge of Field & Well Performance Monitoring & Optimization: Continuous monitoring of production performance, comparing predicted vs. actual and interpretation of results. Optimize field development plans as required.
Carry out detailed analysis on PVT& SCAL data for use in deriving proper correlation for fluid and rock characteristic.
Participates in reservoir engineering studies; Studies include developing detailed computer simulation models required to predict future reservoir behavior under varying operating conditions.
In charge of Development strategy planning & implementation.
Some office management tasks (reports, presentations ….etc).

5. Teaching Assistant @ University of Khartoum- Sudan, October 2008- Mar 2009
Teaching the students' tutorials.
Observing on their presentations in many petroleum engineering courses
Some management tasks.

Education

Master’s Degree in Petroleum & Natural Gas Engineering from Engineering College, University of Khartoum, Sudan in Dec. 2016
Bachelor Degree in Petroleum Engineering from Engineering College, University of Khartoum, Sudan in Aug. 2008.

Publications

Evaluation of Radial Drilling Technology (RDS) Application as New Method to Improve Oil Production from Low Permeability Formations in a Sudanese Oil Field.
This paper discusses Radial Drilling Technology implementation in Block-6 Sudan, investigate and evaluate pilot results, then discuss lesson learned from this pilot.
SAPEG 7th Conference & Exhibition – 2017
Date: Mar 29, 2017

Professional Trainings & Certifications

Quality Management
Health safety and environment in the Oil industry
Computer basic
Fundamental of oil and gas industry
Management and organization
Bits and drill string
OFM Fundamentals
PVTi Fundamentals
Advanced PVT Analysis
Advanced Core Analysis
Petrel Fundamentals

Petrophysical Analysis
Applied Reservoir Simulation
Water Flooding & EOR introduction
Advanced Well Test Analysis
Computer Modeling Software (CMG)

Personal Details

Date of birth: 02nd June 1986
Languages: English and Arabic
Nationality: Sudanese
Marital Status: Married

Software's Familiarization
Reservoir Simulation
Eclipse (Schlumberger)
Expert

Petrel RE (Schlumberger)
User

CMG
User
Rock Properties analysis
SCAL (Schlumberger)
Expert

SCAL using Spreadsheet
Expert
Fluid Properties analysis
PVTi (Schlumberger)
Expert

PVT using Spreadsheet
Expert
Production Performance Analysis and Forecasting
OFM (Schlumberger)
Expert

Plotting using Spreadsheet
Expert
Pressure Transit analysis
Kappa (Schlumberger)
Expert
Production system analysis
PIPE SIM (Schlumberger)
User

COMMUNICATION / SOFT SKILLS

Ability to work as team or independently and establish coordination within team.
Familiar with all Microsoft Office Programs (PPT, MXL, Word, Access…….).

Activities

7th SAPEG Petroleum Conference & Exhibition
Khartoum-Sudan
2017
2017 MENA Regional Student Paper Contest
Manama-Bahrain
2017
20th Middle East Oil & Gas Show (MEOS-2017)
Manama-Bahrain
2017
ADIPEC 2016 Conference
Abu Dhabi-UAE
2016
6th SAPEG Petroleum Conference & Exhibition
Khartoum-Sudan
2014
SPE Enhanced Oil Recovery Conference
Kuala Lampur, Malysia
2011
IOR Workshop-SPE Middle East Region
Khartoum-Sudan
2011
Reservoir Engineering Workshop
Sudan- Schlumberger
2011

Voluntary Work

Ambassador Lecturer, Society of Petroleum Engineers International (SPE) (Mar. 2018 to date)
External affairs secretary, Society of Petroleum Engineering Student (SSPE) – Khartoum University (December 2005 to May 2008).
Program Chairperson, Society of Petroleum Engineers International (SPE), Sudan Section, April. 2018 to Dec. 2019.

Samih Mohieldin Hassan
Curriculum Vitae
RESERVOIR MANAGEMENT RESERVOIR SIMULATION
LinkedIn Profile:
https://www.linkedin.com/in/samih-mohieldin-hassan-3b84b651

Contact Number:
+249*********

Email:
adahb1@r.postjobfree.com

Please scan to capture contact details

Contact this candidate
