
DARAKHSHAN MOHIUDDIN
Computer Science Engineer (M-Tech.)
Mobile: +91-966*******; +91 - 970-***-****
E-Mail: adahi9@r.postjobfree.com

Job Objective

To pursue a challenging career and be part of a progressive organization that gives scope to enhance my knowledge, skills and to reach the pinnacle in the computing and research field and seeking a responsible post of senior lecturer for giving the practical knowledge which makes the student's career progressive.

Career Summary

An innovative and knowledgeable professional having 4 years’ experience as a lecturer.
Proficient in developing new lessons and activities to expand learning opportunities.
Extensive participation on committees and extra-curricular activities.
Excellent knowledge of the subject and also has great practical knowledge.
Proficient in giving conceptual knowledge.

Key Responsibilities Handled

A progressive and multitalented lecturer with extensive practical knowledge having 4 years’ experience as Lecturer in Elite Institute of Management, Gulbarga in the field of Computer Science.
Excellent knowledge of Computer science subjects and the new methodologies.
Excellent in providing the real time knowledge about technology.
Excellent knowledge of subject and also have great practical knowledge.
Have proficiently handled subjects for Under Graduate students like
1. Computer Applications.
2. Database management system.
3. Operating System.
4. Fundamentals of the computer applications.
Preparing teaching material and utilizing it for the progress of students.
Helping the professor for creating the material for students.
Employ differentiated teaching methods, incorporating, audio and visual activities to address all learning styles.
Provide individualized instruction to keep all students at expected skill level.
Analyzing the material for the students and providing them guidance on various aspects of the subjects.
Utilizing the skills and qualities by assigning work to the students.
Helping the students for completing their project works.
Conducting lectures and preparing the material for graduate and undergraduate students.
Developed and supervised various laboratory activities for computer science courses.
Monitored department programs and associated activities.
Analyzed student requirements and provided support as per requirement.
Designed and implemented an efficient curriculum for an academic year.

Skill Set

Conversant with: MS Office Applications.
Excellent interpersonal skills.
Excellent written and verbal skills.
Confident in taking things and doing right.

Education:

● Pursuing M-Tech in Computer Science from Adusomulli Vijaya College of Engineering & Technology, Hyderabad, JNTU University.
● Computer Software Engineer from KBN College of Engineering, VTU University.
● 12th from Faraan Pre University College, Gulbarga, Board.
● 10th from St. Joseph’s Convent School, Gulbarga, Board.

Academic Accolade:

Participated in many Management competitions and won awards for the same.
Conducted seminars in the colleges on Management topics for students.
Took active participation while conducting events during fests in college.

Work Experience:

● Worked as a Lecturer in Elite Institute of Management, Gulbarga from 2010 to 2014.
● Presently Pursuing M-Tech in Computer Science.

PERSONAL DETAILS:

Name : Darakhshan Mohiuddin
Nationality : Indian
Religion : Muslim
Date of Birth : 1st March 1987
Passport No : P 2191458
Marital Status : Married
Mobile : +919*********
E-Mail : adahi9@r.postjobfree.com
Address : KCT Road, Gulbarga - 585104
Languages Known : English, Hindi, Kannada and Urdu

DARAKHSHAN MOHIUDDIN

DATE:

Contact this candidate
