
Working with QAS(Qatar Academy Sidra )at Doha,Qatar as a IT Support Engineer as a contractor from DECEMBER 2018- APRIL 2019
Support Promethean Board and ipads
Trouble shooting problems in chromebook for students
Working with Fresh Desk Ticketing System
Installing and Configuring the Microsoft Outlook 2016
Working on Macbook and Imac
Installing various application in ipads
Installing,configuring and Trouble shooting Printers and scanners
Solving Connection and Login issues in Power School and ERP Application
Configuring Exchange mail on mobile
Provide problem-solving service to end-users.
Working with QSC (Qatar Securities Company) at Doha,Qatar as a IT
Support Engineer from JULY 2014– AUGUST 2018
Installation and support for OS/Hardware (Windows XP, 7, Pro, 8, Windows Server 2012R2)
Installation and support for internal application like Manaf OMS(Order Management System, Back office (Accounting Package), Bloomberg terminals, broker applications provided by Qatar Stock Exchange etc.
AVAYA Telephonic support from user end.
Network troubleshooting and co ordinate with team lead.
Monitoring and maintain for Display screens for market feeds (Exchange data feeds)
Hardware installation like PC, printers, scanners, all other peripherals.
Installation of Banking applications and co ordination with venders (QNB, CBQ) etc.
Outlook configurations and support for all the users with Office 365 mail boxes.
Taking the all the file and mail backup for all the users weekly/monthly basis.
Remote desktop support for all the user by using VNC/Teamviewer etc.

Working with CBQ (Commercial Bank of Qatar) at Doha,Qatar as a IT
Support Engineer as a contractor from JULY 2013– JULY 2014
Installing,configuring Banking Applications
Installing,configuring and Troubleshooting LAN, Printers and scanners
Mapping Network Drives,Printers and Scanners on Client System Installing and
Configuring the Microsoft Outlook 2010,Outlook 2007
Hardware trouble shooting and maintenance
Configuring mail on mobile
Installing of Operating System in Client machine Using Image
Solving Users Problems with Lansweeper
Working with PETROTEC(Petroleum Technology) at Doha,Qatar as a IT
Support Engineer from February 2012 to April 2013
Installation and maintenance of Various software’s like Symantec Antiviurs,Adobe suite and MS Office 2010
Installing and Configuring the Microsoft Outlook 2010
Installing,configuring and Troubleshooting LAN, Printers and scanners
Maping Network Drives,Printers and Scanners on Client System
Creating users in Active Directory in Windows 2008 server
Working on Servers
Trouble shooting and working in File servers
Installing and Configuring Microsoft Dynamics CRM 2011 on Client System
Working on Microsoft Dynamics CRM 2011
Configuring and Creating Users in Microsoft Dynamic Navision 2009
Hardware trouble shooting and maintenance
Installation Of Operating system like windows server 2008,Windows Server 2012,Windows 7 and Windows 8,Vista,Xp
Maintenance of Structural Cabling and trouble shooting
Up-gradation of existing version for email client, setting up MS Exchange Server 2010

Working on Ms Exchange Server 2010

Taking Backup through Symantec Backup Execution 2012 Software

Working on Remote Desktop

Solving Users Problems with Teamviewere,Via Phone Calls.

Crimping and Making different type of Ethernet Cable, cat5 &6 patch cable

IT Support Engineer May 2010 to August 2011 GLOBEL-NET at Tellecherry, Kerala,India.
Hardware trouble shooting and maintenance
Installation Of Operating system like windows server 2008,Windows 7 and Vista
Installation and maintenance of Various software’s like Kasperskey 2011,Adobe suite and MS Office
Maintenance of Structural Cabling and trouble shooting
PC Assembling, Repairing and troubleshooting

Desktop Support Engineer January 2008 to March 2010 Logic Software
Solutions Pvt.Ltd, Cochin,Kerala,India.

Install, upgrade, configure, repair, and support the hardware and software programs.
Installation of Operating Systems, Drivers, software’s, Antivirus software and printers.
Installing,configuring and Troubleshooting LAN, Printers and scanners
Implementing, Administering and Maintaining Network Infrastructure (DNS, DHCP) in windows Server 2008
Troubleshooting & maintenance of PCs.
Assembling of the PC.
Adding,Removing, or updating user account information, resetting password etc.
Installation of various software.
Administration and maintenance of LAN.
Provide problem-solving service to end-users.

Cisco Certified Network Associate – CCNA
( CISCO ID: CSCO11147715)

SALMAN.PK
OBJECTIVE
Address:

Post box no :50324
Doha-Qatar

adahcs@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile:+974********

Personal Profile:
Fathers Name : Yousaf PK
Date of Birth : 01.05.1984
Sex : Male
Nationality : Indian
Marital Status : Married
Religion : Islam
Blood Group : O+
Visa type : work visa
Passport No :P4938661
Permanent Address in India:
Padikkalkattil,
Po. Peringathur,
Kannur Dist,
Kerala,
India-670675

Languages Known:

To read:
English, Arabic, Malayalam, Hindi.

To write:
English, Arabic,
Malayalam, Hindi.

To speak: English,
Malayalam.
To work in a reputed and professionally managed organization with responsible and challenging technical position which can utilize my knowledge, skills and experience in contributing towards fulfilling the company’s objectives, in the fields of multi skilled computer application positions, client/server, data management positions, electronic document Control.
KEY SKILLS
Provided functional and technical support, troubleshooting and diagnosing hardware and software problems, including desktop, laptop and network printer.

Knowledge in Network Operating Systems, Windows 2008 and Windows 2012 in implementing, supporting computer systems upgrades, networking and expansions, LAN infrastructures, distributed computing environments, system support and disaster recovery.

Good communication, interpersonal and organizational skills with the ability to work in a team environment or independently.
Extra Curricular Activities:-Hardware assembling and configuring and troubleshooting hardware devices and Drivers.
EXPERIENCE
EDUCATION
Bachelor Degree(BE) in Computer Science
P.A College of Engineering, Manglore, Visveswaraiah Technological University,karnataka, India
Senior Secondary School Education
R.V Higher Secondary School, Chokli, Higher Secondary Board,Kerala, India
Secondary School Education
N.A.M Higher Secondary School, Peringathur, Kerala Government, India
CERTIFICATIONS
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Operating System : WindowsX, Linux,MacOS
Language : C, C++, Java,PHP
Web Technologies : PHP,JAVA SCRIPT,HTML,XML
Web/Application server : WAMP SERVER,IIS
RDBMS : MYSQL 5.0
DECLARATION
I hereby declare that all the details given above are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Salman.PK
Doha
Qatar

Contact this candidate
