
Page * of *
AKASH S.
E-Mail: adahck@r.postjobfree.com
Contact No: +974-********
OBJECTIVE:
To endeavor towards reaching my ultimate goal for a challenging and ever increasing responsible position in an esteemed organization committed professionalism. PROFESSIONAL PROFILE:
An electrical engineer with 7 years of qualitative experience in all electrical works comprises of lighting, power, DB dressing installation, testing and commissioning. Having good knowledge and experience in installation, testing and commissioning of ELV SYSTEMS .Currently working as MEP Engineer in ARCHIRODON CONSTRUCTION (OVERSEAS)CO.S.A
PROFESSIONAL EXPOSURE:
Dec 2016 to still date ARCHIRODON CONSTRUCTION (OVERSEAS)CO.S.A (project site: Metro Red Line South)
MEP Engineer
JOB PROFILE
Assist the construction Lead by monitoring contractor’s safety and quality requirements of electrical and mechanical works.
Provide daily reports on safety, quality, environment,instrumentation, monitoring and progress regarding MEP construction.
Ensure that all aspects of health and safety& the environment are monitored and non- conformances corrected.
Raises observation to report non-conformances.
Ensure that quality &progress are effectively monitored and tracked throughout the program period.
Ensure that the works are constructed safely to the highest standards.
Perform surveillances.
Witness MEP inspections as requested by the D&B contractor.
Attends MEP meetings as needed.
Aug 2015 to Nov 2016 WCT BERHAD (Main contractor) (project site: MOI HQ) Electrical Site Engineer
JOB PROFILE
Generally responsible for implementations and monitoring of all electrical related works at site.
Coordinates with Client / Consultant’s representatives for any site instructions and inspection of works.
Coordinate and check subcontractors in electrical field engineering.
To provide the entire electrical solutions as per requirement. Page 2 of 4
Design for illumination of different area and lux calculation.
To check the entire work as according to approved drawings.
Handling of electrical load as per requirement.
Direct and coordinate manufacturing, construction, installation, maintenance, support, documentation, and testing activities to ensure compliance with specifications, codes, and customer requirements.
Feb 2014 to July 2015 TRANS GULF INERNATIONAL ELECTRO – MECHANICAL W.L.L
(project site: MOI Bin Omran )
Electrical Site Engineer
JOB PROFILE
Handling fourteen services (power,PA,CB,AV,Façade lighting,smoke curtain
,MATV, IPTV,Telephone data,BMS,LCS,Lighting, wireless ..etc)
Instructions given to the supervisor for doing cable tray and cable trunking works according to the bending radius of the cable.
Estimates, prepares and assigns the resources such as manpower, materials, consumables, equipment, tools, etc., required for all electrical and related works prior to execution.
Assign targets for accomplishments and ensure targets are met on daily basis for all electrical groups at site.
Submits site daily reports, inspection requests, estimates and all applicable monitoring reports on regular basis or as required.
Ensures that all the works done are in accordance with the approved construction drawings, contract documents, project specifications, and all applicable standards whether local, national or international standards.
Ensures that all site works are done according to all applicable quality standards.
Updating the drawings depends on site condition.
Every two week once attend the site technical coordination meeting.
Directly responsible for the safety of all electrical groups’ personnel of the project by ensuring that the project execution will be done according to all applicable health, safety, sanitary and environmental standards.
Preparing the Monthly work Progress Report for Claim with Measurements
Marking Red line drawings and submitted to consultant for the purpose of making as built drawings.
July 2012 to Jan 2014 M/S TRI VALLEY -LIGMETS QATAR WLL, DOHA, QATAR.
(Project site: Pearl Qatar)
Electrical Engineer
JOB PROFILE
All electrical work which comprises of lighting, power, DB dressing installation and testing.
Inspecting tray routing cable laying, cable dressing, glanding and termination.
Page 3 of 4
Control &power circuit checking for HT/LT switchboards
Installation and commissioning of motor control center for IAF panel
Planning and organization of site day to day activities.
Controlling of manpower distribution as per requisite.
Installation of dimmer control system.
Installation and testing of bus bar system.
Installation and testing of central battery system and BMS system
Material submittal& comparison sheet preparation.
Preparation of As-built drawing for final project handing over. .
Building management systems/security systems installation and commissioning.(CCTV, video door phone, biometric access control systems, canteen management systems,)
June 2011 to June 2012 ROTO POWER PROJECTS PVT LTD, CHENNAI, INDIA.
(Project Site: ETISALAT DB Telecom Pvt. Ltd., Chennai) Electrical Engineer
JOB PROFILE
To analyze repeated breakdowns, take corrective actions & preventive action to avoid repetition of breakdowns.
Preventive maintenance of transformers, generator and all important motors periodic checkup and overhauling of old machine spare planning and procurement of the same.
Reporting to site engineer (Project head).
Operated and maintained in following equipment’s-
2x2500 KVAdry type and one 2500 KVAoil type transformers.
2x2000 KVA and one 1010 KVA DG.
4x1200 KVA UPS, DC system as 6x5000 Ah,2 V.
HT and LT breakers.(VCB’S, ACB’S,and MCCB’S etc).
4x100TR water cooled chillers
15x 25 TR precision AC units, Ductable AC and Cassette AC units. ACADAMIC CREDENTIALS
August 2018- October -2018 Electrical Design Engineering course Arab Infotech Doha Qatar
June 2007 – May 2011 B.E in Electrical & Electronics Engineering Anna University Trichy, Tamilnadu, India with 72 % June 2005 – Mar 2007 Higher Secondary Education.
M.S. Higher Secondary School, Kerala, India with 68 % OTHER CREDENTIALS
MS Excel, MS Word, MS power Point
ESSL Biometric software
Page 4 of 4
Etimetrakelite
PROJECT ACTIVITIES
February 2010 Presentation on Emerging Prospects of “SCADA” in communics 2010
(Organized by KSR Engineering college, Namakkal, Erode, Tamil Nadu)
August 2009 one day workshop on Advances in data acquisition systems (Rover Engineering College, Perambalur, Tamil Nadu)
August 2008 Third place in Technical Quiz conducted in College Campus. INDUSTRIAL VISIT &TRAINING
June 2010 One week training at KELTRON
(Equipment Complex Karakulam, Trivandrum, Kerala)
June 2009 Four days training at Pallivasal Hydro Electric Power Station, Idukki, Kerala.
August 2009 Project visited at Maintenance and Hanger Unit HAL, Bangalore, India.
PERSONAL SKILLS
Excellent communication, listening motivating skills and strong belief in team work.
Ability to learn quickly is my forte that has helped me successfully manage various jobs given.
Ability to work with a team of dedicated professionals for achieving the deadlines for the execution of work.
PERSONAL DETAILS
Date of Birth : 11.05.1988
Visa Status : work visa
Nationality : India
Marital Status : Single
Passport Number : j8422991
Languages Known : English, Hindi/Urdu, Tamil and Malayalam Qatar driving license : 2021-08-07 (validity)
AKASH.S

Contact this candidate
