
J. D. Blake *
JUSTIN DEVON BLAKE
Phone: 202-***-**** Email: adah5y@r.postjobfree.com
CAREER SUMMARY
Principal Consultant with experience in creating and maintaining a work environment helping ensure organization’s mission success. Professional focal points include Business Process Reengineering, Lean Six Sigma, CMMI Level 3, enterprise operating model design, strategic business transformation, enterprise system architecture, Program Portfolio Management (PPM) and client engagement. Recognized for my ability to build quality relationships that generate new business, I have a verifiable history of growth and expansion throughout my career. As such, I have consistently exceeded budgetary and performance goals and I am adept at achieving maximum operational output with minimal resource expenditure. PROFESSIONAL STRENGTHS INCLUDE:
Organizational Modeling CMMI Level 3 Client Management System Integration Program Management Office (PMO) Mission Analytics Business Enterprise Architecture SharePoint Change Management PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
OEDM Group, Washington, D.C.
U.S. GOVERNMENT CONTRACTING SERVICES
Principal Consultant- Business Process Re-engineer April 2018 – Present Provide Project Management support for the customer’s internal projects attending all internal controls meetings on behalf of the customer and ensuring the requirements are adequately represented and delivered.
Leading virtual diverse teams of IT resources responsible for Software Development Life-Cycle implementation (SDLC) of Microsoft Dynamics (CRM) across 18 integration environments, inclusive of Development, Azure Cloud migration and Operations & Management; valued at $165 MM.
Directly responsible for continuous process improvement practices and procedures key functional processes: Acquisition, Human Capital Management, PMO, Enterprise Shared Services and professional development and retention of more than 200+ resources throughout the program infrastructure
Streamline and oversee policy and procedures for business process reengineering initiatives, successfully implementing quality assurance audits to ensure CMMI Level 3 compliance.
Defined and documented operational processes associated with Earned Value Management (EVM) for Department of Defense, Defense Human Resource Activities (DHRA) – Chief Information Office.
Developed a reporting matrix of Key Performance Indicators (KPI) for enterprise level operations; of which set requirements for automated real-time analytics software platform. Captured 35% operational cost savings in daily operations.
Optimized human capital utilization using Target Operating Model technique, assessing resource capability gaps and needs to effectively balance Full Time Equivalent (FTE) transactional and adhoc workload. Improved shared services outputs by 45% across enterprise (22 Component Offices for 33,000+ end users).
Lead the design and development of comprehensive change management strategies across projects, programs, policies and processes within portfolio business lines for Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) migration implementation.
Catalyst for managing contract budgeting and business development that directly impact program activities.
Trusted agent to senior leadership on enhancing project governance to Project Managers leading PMO activities.
J. D. Blake 2
ASSOCIATED VETERANS, Arlington, VA
U.S. GOVERNMENT CONTRACTING SERVICES
Portfolio Strategy, Senior Manager October 2017 – April 2018 Unified cross-functional virtual project teams and IT Resources through the transformational change of implementing new technologies. Liaise with the end-user, contractor and government senior executives; detailing “As-Is” journey to the “To-Be” state of change efforts of employed ServiceNow and Salesforce technologies across a large enterprise platform.
Lead initiative to convert ticketing system from Service Desk to ServiceNow. Transition contributed to reduced operational cost by 22%.
Transformed and expanded the implementation of business process reengineering, change management and adoption utilizing Lean Six Sigma and Prosci tools (DMAIC, ADKAR methodologies), for transparency and inclusion across 28 CRM transformation and modernization projects; impacting 130+ field locations
(with 300+ end users). To include: Stakeholder Readiness Assessment; Stakeholder Impact Analysis, Change Management and Adoption Plans (CM&A), Communication Strategy, RACI Charts, Retrospective Reports, Pre and Post Surveys and 90-Day Assessments.
Authored communication and change management strategies ensuring transparency, increase level of expectation and fostered collaboration through multiple organizational changes initiatives.
Develop, Implement, analyze, and measure Key Performance Indicators (KPI) to provide visibility of challenges and opportunities in portfolio growth strategy.
Maintain client service delivery for strategy, planning, business process integration, supply chain, and program management activity on contracts up to $130MM in total contract value.
Support transition and transfer of capture responsibility knowledge to the operations team upon contract award.
GENPACT LIMITED, Washington, D.C.
GLOBAL BUSINESS TRANSFORMATION
Reengineering Consultant, Senior Manager November 2013 – October 2017 Influence business and operational stakeholder interest through process and software improvements, creating operational policies based on organizational assessments, inclusive of strategy, human capital and organizational operating model.
Drive revenue results to secure contract renewals while identifying new revenue streams. Building relationships with decision makers in targeted clients such as Perkin Elmer, General Electric, FMC Technologies, and Actavis among others.
Program Manager for diverse engagements ranging from $250M to $10MM, contributing to pre-sales efforts, contract negotiation, and project execution. Attributed to the sustainment of $3MM of annual revenue by increasing exposure and territory expansion.
Tasked to provide intelligence for sales strategies and create visibility to sales pipeline using analytic tools to manage target opportunities and customer relationships.
Collaborated with an After-Market Services provider in PMO implementation to drive efficiencies through designing a blueprint to centralize operations across 5 sites and 500 Field Service Engineers globally; driving bottom savings more than $17MM leading to a 2-year contract extension.
Contributed to the stabilization of $2MM in new business opportunities through optimizing a Property Management enterprise system across eight locations globally, driving $25MM in productivity from combination of reengineered processes and embedding digital, mobility solutions.
Collaborated with diverse teams in improving middle and back office transformation efforts for a
$100BN automotive major through strategic operating model optimization initiatives across 20 countries generating benefit more than $360MM.
Manage responses to RFP’s, RFIs and pitch presentations for new business inquiries and emergent work on existing contracts.
Key to aligning business cases to potential opportunities with marquis clients such as Perkin Elmer, General Electric, FMC Technologies, Actavis and others.
OLYMPIC PRODUCTS LLC. Greensboro, NC
J. D. Blake 3
POLYURETHANE FOAM MANUFACTURER
Process Improvement Engineer, Supervisor January 2012 – November 2013
Negotiate joint ventures to establish an innovative process utilizing reticulated foam to develop new market business and improved product quality, production efficiency and overhead costs.
Interface with end users to help them assess requirements and potential solutions within commercial guidelines and constraints
Manage the process optimization and performance standardization projects, reducing scrap material and Cost of Service by $1.2MM annually while improving efficiency by 11% and quality level by 2%.
Designed breakthrough process development test methods enabling a reduction in R&D and implementation cost of $75M annually, manufacturing downtime of 8 days annually, and customer complaints by 4%.
Conceptualized and implemented the design in developing a benchmark Foam Integrity Simulation Analysis program, which initiated new product launches and reduced research and development and implementation costs by $200M annually and customer complaints by 8%.
Led manufacturing integration for Laser Measuring Process increasing productivity and efficiency while decreasing thickness variation, operating costs and operators needed. Efforts improved peeling efficiency by 3% and quality level 14%.
UNITED STATES ARMY, CERDEC (COMMUNICATIONS-ELECTRONICS RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT AND ENGINEERING CENTER), Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD
PRODUCT REALIZATION DIRECTORATE –COMMUNICATION WEAPON SYSTEMS Quality Assurance Engineer May 2009 - January 2012
Lead numerous interdisciplinary study teams to conduct research pertaining to Abrams M1 Battle Tank Transmission Assembly and MRAP “Mine-Resistant Ambush Protected” vehicle communication systems.
Project Manager to Humvee Radio Assembly Qualification, Product Life Cycle Forecast System Phase 2.
Facilitator to resolving Humvee Air Pressure Valve System Malfunction, administered 8D Problem Solving, APQP “Advanced Product Quality Planning”, PPAP “Production Part Approval Process” and Quality Containment.
EDUCATION:
Department of Defense, Red River US Army Depot, Texarkana, TX Quality Assurance Engineering December 2011
North Carolina Agricultural & Technical State University, Greensboro, North Carolina B.S. Manufacturing Systems & Engineering May 2010
CERTIFICATIONS & EXPERTISE:
P.M.P Project Management Professional
Lean Six Sigma - Master Black Belt
Agile Scrum Master
Certified Quality Assurance Engineer Manager – December 2010
ISO 9001:2008 Certified – December 2010
Change Management Models - ADKAR, Kotter, Lewin, Appreciative Inquiry
Software: Minitab, MS Office Professional Suite, Visio, SharePoint, Capitvate 10, Rational
Software Development: Microsoft Dynamics, Salesforce, SAP ERP, SAP Concur, Oracle ERP, Tableau, ServiceNow, Maximo, SharePoint

Contact this candidate
