
Technical
Expertise:
Advanced MS-
Excel, Google
Analytics, ML
techniques,
Anaconda, Spyder,
GAGAN M BABU
Email: adahhb@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile: 886-***-****/ 701-***-****
Jupiter Notebook,
Python, NumPy,
SciPy, Matplotlib,
Seaborn, R, Dplyr,
ggplot2, SQL, SQL
server, XML,
Jason, HTML
Education:
BE in Industrial
Production @ NIE,
Mysore with CGPA
8.14
Diploma in @ JSS
Polytechnic’
Mysore with 73.5%
Additional
Certification:
Diploma in Data
Analysis with
Python and R @
Srinidhi Learning
Centre, Mysore.
Google Analytics
for Beginners by
Analytics
Academy - Google
Advanced Google
Analytics by
Analytics Academy -
Google
Career synopsis:
Looking for a suitable position as ML Engineer like Data Analyst where I can utilize my technical skills for the company’s growth. As a Data Analyst, the following responsibilities are performed:
Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques
Translate analysis and insights into ongoing management and technical reports
Develop and implement data collection and data
analytics strategies that optimizes statistical efficiency and quality
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets
Filter and “clean” data by reviewing compute reports and Performance indicators to locate and correct data quality issues
Locate and define new process improvement opportunities
Thrive in a team environment with strong interpersonal skills. Collaborate and build relationships with product owners, engineers, development teams, architects, operations partners, and business clients
Establish, and regularly update, multi-phase delivery roadmap
Technical expertise regarding data models, data mining and segmentation techniques
Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets (Excel)
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
Adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings Personal Skills:
Analytic Problem-
Solving
People Skills
Evaluating
Numeracy Skills
Attention to details
Business Skills
Personal Details:
DOB :15-Jan-1994
PAN No-
CABPG8249N
Languages
known: Kannada,
English, Hindi
Address: #40
Purandaradasa
Road Aishwarya
Nagar Srirampura,
Mysore,
Karnataka-570023
Passport
Number:
N2912885
Notice
period:
Available
immediately
Proven ability in developing relationships with stakeholders, communicating project/program status, and understanding detailed business requirements across multiple project initiative
Attended an online training and got certified in Google Analytics tool.
WORK EXPERIENCE:
Currently working @ Jubilant Generics Limited, Nanjangud as Associate Purchase from March 2018 to till date. Jubilant Generics Limited is an integrated global pharmaceutical and life sciences company engaged in manufacturing and supply of APIs, Solid Dosage Formulations, Radiopharmaceuticals, Allergy Therapy Products, Advance Intermediates, Fine Ingredients, Crop Science Ingredients, Life Science Chemicals and Nutritional Products.
Responsibilities:
Ensuring smooth work flow in the supply chain from end to end
Good skills and knowledge of SAP (Systems Applications and Products in Data Processing)
Minimizing inventory costs
Planning supply chain schedules in advance in preparation for periods
Negotiating with suppliers to minimize raw materials and achieve maximum efficiency
Providing accurate routing information to ensure that delivery times and locations are coordinate
Problem solving skills & supporting team with necessary information.
Ensuring Project closure with necessary details & submit to the management for capitalization.
Worked @ Unilog Content Solutions Pvt. Ltd., Mysore as Data Analyst from January 2016 to December 2017.
Unilog Content Solutions Pvt. Ltd is a B2B eCommerce software and content management. all-in-one, multitenant SaaS B2B digital commerce platform built with an API first/micro services architecture and a platform with strong site search, PIM, and user roles and B2B workflows-built in. Major Projects handled while working in Unilog Content Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Company:
Project – Russel Equipment’s, Villa Lighting, S&S, Orgill Software Platform used: Advanced MS-Excel with features like VLOOKUP, Pivot Tables and etc.
Responsibilities:
Normalization
Data classification
De-Duplication
UNSPSC Coding
Attribute Extraction
Data Enrichment by Collecting all Possible Critical Information by Web Search.
Production, Quality Check, Quality Analysis
List of the projects practiced during the Data Analyst training:
Python projects:
1. Iris Dataset:
This data set consists of the physical parameters of three species of flower — Versicolor, Setosa and Virginica.
In this data we will be predicting the classes of the flowers based on numeric parameters that are Sepal width, Sepal length, Petal width and Petal length.
NumPy, Pandas and Scikit Learn are some of the inbuilt libraries in Python that we have used.
Using algorithms, we have trained our model to check how accurate every algorithm
K – Nearest Neighbour (KNN), Logical Regression,
Random forest, SVM (Support Vector Machine)
Here, Random forest gives optimal accuracy compared to others
By using this we reduce the chances of overfitting and variance in the data which thus lead to better accuracy
2. House Price Prediction:
Thousands of houses are sold every day. There are some questions every buyer asks himself like: What is the actual price that this house
This data contains 1460 training data points & 80 features that might help us predict the selling price of a house.
To apply data preprocessing and preparation
techniques
Exploratory data analysis allows us to understand the data and the relationships between variables
better
Correlation between variables helps us to predictor variables are correlated with the target variable
Build machine learning models able to predict house price based on Algorithms: - Linear Regression,
Nearest Neighbors, Support Vector Regression,
Decision Tress, Neural Networks, Random Forest
Choose an algorithm that implements the
corresponding technique
To analyze and compare models’ performance in
order to choose the best model
R projects:
1. Movie Recommendation System:
To build a recommendation engine that
recommends movies to users
A recommendation system provides suggestions to
the users through a filtering process that is based on user preferences and browsing history.
In our Data Science project, we will make use of these four packages – ‘recommenderlab’,
‘ggplot2’, ‘data.table’ and ‘reshape2’.
Data pre-Processing will help to make the finalized dataset to build the model by using One-hot encoding
We will implement a single model– Item Based
Collaborative Filtering.
Explore the most viewed movies in our dataset
Data Normalization is a data preparation procedure to standardize the numerical values in a column to a
common scale value
The algorithm first builds a similar-items table of the customers who have purchased them into a
combination of similar items. This is then fed into the recommendation system

Contact this candidate
