
SHAFIULLAH- CIVIL ENGINEER - * Yr. Experience

DOB: 10/01/1992
Mobile: 50491387
Qatar ID: 292********
Email: adah3a@r.postjobfree.com
Visa Status: Transferable Visa with NOC
Address: Old Al Ghanim Doha

Career Objective:
To secure a career in a reputed engineering organization, which appreciates professional approach and hard work, where I can utilize my knowledge, various skills & experience in contribution towards fulfilling the company’s growth objectives develop my career and excel in the relatedfield.

Work Experience

Civil Supervisor, Judical complex in Hangu Khyber Pakhtoonkhawa Pakistan, 22 Sept, 2014 – 30Sept, 2018

Summary of Job duties:

During this period, I worked hard to solve any arising problem at site by using professional communication skills.
During this stay I supervise the whole work with own responsibility, the work was include of earth work supervision, Excavation work supervision and structure work supervision. I have been also received the methodology, material testing, work supervision and produced effective support for the Company (C & W DEPTT).
In-charged in project execution and implementation based on approved plans and specifications.
Check and monitor the project status.
Coordinate with subordinates for various technical matters and changes in the project planning.
Site supervision of Reinforcement work, Earth work and other related civil works.
Ensure quality control of materials.
Ensure construction take place in line with the drawings.
Ensure that correct construction techniques in construction are utilized.
Also worked as Quantity Estimator.
Site Lay out
Supervise the contractor’s works in accordance with contract drawings, specification and standards, as directed by the client and under his administration.
Drawing and specification understanding.
Ensuring all materials used and work performed are as per specifications.
To plan overall manpower requirements.
Solving technical problems at our site
To attend meetings with RE consultant with a view to resolve sites issues for their satisfaction for back allocations if required.
Check the daily activities and progress.
During project I performed my skills positive, and work hard for the best Interest of the Organization.

Education Qualification

- Bachelor of Technology [Honours] in civil. (B.Tech .Civil Engineering) 2012-2016
Sarhad University of Science & Information Technology Peshawar 2016 (PAK)
-Diploma Associate Engineer (DAE Civil) 2009-2012
Government Collage of Technology Kohat Civil, 2012(PAK)

Key Subjects
1) Cost Estimate & Contract Documents
2) Soil Mechanics
3) Foundation and pavements
4) Concrete Technology
5) Occupational Health & Safety

Mini Projects
1. Rough cost Estimate Frame structure Building
2. Water cement ratio used and different concrete ratio & their strength.

COMPUTER SKILLS
AutoCAD
Computer skills with MS Word,Excel,Power point
Excel Quantity
SAP2000
PHOTOSHOP SOFTWARE & HARDWARE
Drawing and specification understanding.

LANGUAGES
ENGLISH
URDU
PASTHO
ARABIC BEGINNING

Contact this candidate
