
Salman Nalband
*+ Year Automation service engineer in BPCL IOCL and HPCL. Self-driven process management and project management skills
adahlr@r.postjobfree.com Cell: +91-961******* JB Nagar Banglore-75 Profile
1+ year of experience in strategic reporting, automation service engineer in BPCL, IOCL and HPCL and visualization. Strong application knowledge in coding and managing large database and prepare complex relational data model solution for reporting and automation. Complete project management and self-driven attitude in terms of project management and cross functional initiatives. Hands on experience in multiple projects and stakeholder management for reporting, process improvement and strategy building. Technical Skills
Automation service (Base and Advance Level) - Excel advance and VBA Strong programming background in managing and designing data model from the scratch of sourcing data file and identifying the key constraints to design relational complex data model for optimizing reporting process and ad-hoc support. Strong understanding in Joins and relationship to manipulation using advanced expressions and function. Do understand the viability of technical cost optimization and easy to way approach toward problem solving in a smart way
Engineering standards
Automation understanding
Strong communication Skills
Strong Presentation Skills
Service interruptions understanding
Service monitoring and evaluation
Customer service understanding
Work experience
Gilbarco veeder Root Technologies Pvt. Ltd., Bangalore From Sep, 2018 to present
Project1-Automation service Engineer
Working in Gilbarco veeder root as an, Automation service engineer in BPCL, IOCL and HPCL
Gilbarco veeder root strive to provide our customers with the world’s best retail point of sale, fuelling, and software solutions
On the base of Linux software installing Ubuntu to run the site omet version by an automation in the Iocl and Hpcl phase - 1, 4, 5, 6 and 7
NWGT and CNWGT configuration in Iocl phase _ 6 and 7
VSAT installation and configuration in Bpcl and Hpcl to sending Data
Installing ATG [ Veeder Root] and connecting probes to tanks to checking quantity and Volume of MS and HSD products
Delivers comprehensive solutions to oil companies and commercial fleets
Improving profitability and optimizing performance from the forecourt to the head office
Companies hardware, software and services enhance the entire retail fuel network and fleet management value chains be the single fuel transaction retail network optimization or business analytics
Highest quality data for wet stock analysis by connecting up connecting up to multiple calibration data variables, tank tilt, probe offset, tank end shape
Optimal risk management and environmental protection for the whole forecourt
Automatic reconciliation features identify causes of variance for quick resolution and save money
Automatic calibration provide highest quality data for wet stock analysis Academy
Completed B.E in Electronics and communication engineering, with aggregate of 60% from Visvesvaraya technological university, Belgaum in 2018 Achievements
Winner of technical quiz held in college
Star performer of the QTRs – 3 times
Project Optimus recognition by India and business partner in the year 2016 Personal Info
Name: Salman Nalband.
Date of Birth: 27 th June, 1994.
Marital Status: Single.
Mother tongue: Urdu.
Permanent Address : Ward no 1, Chidambar nagar, Guttal
City / District: Haveri-561108.
State : Karnataka
Country : India

Contact this candidate
