
SANTHOSH KUMAR
adahnn@r.postjobfree.com 814-***-****

About Me
2.5+ Years of experience in Manual Testing & Data base testing. Currently, working as a Software Quality Engineer with “Vaco Binary Semantics LLP”, Chennai from Feb 2019.

Professional Summary
Manual, Database & ETL testing for Web Applications.
Extensive work experience on Functional & Non-Functional, Blackbox, Database Testing Etc

Functional experience: -
●Health Care - Web Application
●E-publishing – XML Professional Publisher (Legal Research Documents)

Work History
Software Quality Engineer, 02/2019 to present
Vaco Binary Semantics llp, Gurgaon
Work Location: LexisNexis, Chennai
●functional requirements and specifications into scenarios, test cases and steps
●Perform CI/CD for LexisNexis products
●Perform Data integrity testing for E-publishing
●Maintaining & developing Websites, analysing bugs and interacting with development team members in fixing the defects.
Engineer – Application management, 04/2018 to 08/2018
Thinkapps Pvt Ltd, Mumbai
Work Location: Wipro, Guindy,TN
●Interacting with on –Shore team over telephone to better understand on errors of ETL
●Verifying the Source to target Database, Data accuracy testing
●Clearing the Defects using the Unix for ETL jobs
●Tracking defects for ETL jobs and reporting in EPIC tool
Analyst, 02/2018 to 04/208
The Deal India pvt ltd, Chennai
●Generating reports to the BoardEx company
●Collecting and assimilating data and interpreting it to identify changes and forecast the trends
●Presenting data to the clients
●Analyzing and researching the subscribers of BoardEx
Associate Software Engineer, 01/2016 to 05/2017
Accenture Solutions Pvt Ltd, Chennai
●Execute test plans manually and conduct manual functional and UI testing
●Identifying issues, risks and dependencies escalating and managing where appropriate
●Data validations testing and data manipulation using MySQL
●Prepared lessons learnt documents from the previous project testing experience
● Prepared best practices documents and published it to the other teams

Project History
Title : RBS 2.3
Period : Jan 2016 – May 2017.
Environment : Web Application – HealthCare.
Description : To test a modification to CIGNA’s application to ensure they are fit for purpose, consistent, and
compliant with published standards and guidelines. RBS UI applications are used to calculate the
Claims and Rebates of contractors and ndc companies. Testing the UI and the Back end data using
MySql for Rbs .

Title : Clarity ETL
Period : September 2017 – February 2018
Environment : Web Application – HealthCare
Description : Maintaining E-records of patients and converting raw information into structured report.
Tracking ETL jobs and tables for HI, ROCS, SCAL, NCAL,NW,GA,CO regions and Verifying the
Source to target Database, Data accuracy testing .

Title : LN Advance
Period : Feb 2019 – Present
Environment : E Publishing – Legal Documents
Description : Testing the company product based on the laws and legal information in agile methodology for
Aus and NZ regions.

Technical Skills
MySQL
Unix
Functional, Manual and ETL testing

Education
BCA, 2011-2014
Patrician college of arts & science, Chennai (68%)

Personal Details
Father’s Name : Ganesan
DOB : Aug 17th, 1993
Language : Tamil, English
Address : No:L-6, 5th street,Govindan nagar,palavakkam,chennai-41.

Declartion
I hereby declare that all the above statements are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Santhosh Kumar

Contact this candidate
