
Jaseem.V
Industrial Engineer
PERSONAL DETAILS
Birth August 12, 1996
Address Vallanchira House, Manjeri College PO,Malappuram, Kerala,676122 Phone +91-963*******
+91-999********
Mail j a s e e m v 9 6 @ g m a i l . c o m
EDUCATION
B.Tech. College of Engineering Trivandrum,CET 2019- An Institute of National Importance
Secured 7.82 absoluteCGPA
12th HMY Higher Secondary School 2012-2014
Kerala State Higher Secondary Education Board
Secured 93.08% marks in 12th standard.
10th HMY Higher Secondary School Passout-2012
Kerala State Secondary EducationBoard
Secured 92% marks in 10th standard.
INTERNSHIPS
Summer Internship June’18 - July’18
Integral Coach Factory, Chennai
Title :Work-in process InventoryManagement ofManufacturing and Furnishing Shops Supervision : UnderMinistry of IndianRailways
About : Integral Coach Factory (ICF) is a production unit of train coaches situated in Chennai.We statistically analyse the production and furnishing processes of railway coach manufacturing alongwith the inventory management of work-in processinventories. PROJECTS
3rd Semester Design Project Aug’16-Dec’16
Automatic Black Board Cleaning Aid
Supervision : Under Prof.Santhosh,CET,Trivandrum
Design project using rack and pinion mechanism to move the duster across the board. Designed in such a way that onepress of the twoway switchwill automate the motion of duster. Final Year Project August’18-April’19
Time Series Forecasting of Road Accidents in Kerala Supervision : Under Prof,N.Asok Kumar CET, Trivandrum Analysis of trend and pattern of road accidents using various time series forcasting techniques, Regression and simulation with the help of ARENA software.
SKILLS
Languages Malayalam (mother tongue)
English
Hindi
Urdu
Programming
Languages C/C++ (beginner)
Software Simio, R studio, Vensim, Dev C++,Vensim
Subjects Logistics and Supply chain management, SystemDynamics, System Simulation, theory of machines, Data Analysis, Work study and ergonomics, Engineering Graphics, Principles of
management,operation management, management of projects, Quality engineering
Advanced operation research, Heuristics,
Group technology and flexible manufacturing system ACADEMIC INITIATIVES
1.Organized and conducted TECHSUS; the first sustainable engineering product de- velopment workshop by KSCSTE (Kerala State Council for Science Technology and Environment)
2.Organized and coordinated DeCARE, a technical platform under NSS CET and EDC CET running with the guidance of Pallium India to build, maintain and customize the palliative care assistive devices and promoting student ventures related with it. 3.Organized and coordinated E-Waste collection drive on selected ward of Trivandrum Corporation and made it as 1st E-Waste free ward in Kerala (Programme organized in association with Clean Kerala Company, Govt.undertaken.) 4.Participated in Bonacaud Wiring Programme, which is a remote place in Trivan- drum district, a project under NSS CET to lighten the village area. (Organized in association with Vithura Gram panchayat)
EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES
1. Panel member of CET CYCLINGCLUBfortheyear2016-18. 2. Panel member of Eco-Club CET for the period 2016 -17. 3.Event coordinator of CHAIN HATARI 2.0, off road cycling competition in Tech- nical fest Drishti-18.
4.General Secretary of Students Islamic Centre, CET for the period 2017-18. 5.Participated in sorting and distribution of food items at Rescue collection center Alleppey in Kerala flood.

Contact this candidate
