
ASHUTOSH RAJ
Computer Vision - Research Engineer
adaht1@r.postjobfree.com
+91-799*******/847-***-****
Whitefield
Bangalore - 560037
Karnataka
linkedin.com/in/ashutoshraj
github.com/ashutoshraj
PROFILE SUMMARY Hands-on experienced professional involved in the several POC and products. Worked on a machine vision platform that requires optimized pipeline planning, design thinking, and deep learning/image processing algorithms for cloud environment configuration and hardware deployments. PROFESSIONAL WORK EXPERIENCE PATENTS
Tata Consultancy Services Limited - Corporate
Research and Innovation Labs
January 2017 - Present
● Worked on ML-based pattern recognition to
detect, segment and recognize human faces
and objects from a still images and videos.
● Created an algorithm for digital video
stabilization and image alignment to reduce
camera ego-motion from the video feed of
moving objects like drones.
● Improved customer experience for security
systems using face authentication algorithms.
● Worked on prediction and anomaly detection
algorithms from business critical time series
data to generate visual insights.
● Created CI/CD pipeline with automated
performance testing and memory profiling for
ML-based algorithms.
ACHIEVEMENTS
● Tata Innovista-2018 Finalist Team for Warehouse
Inventory Reconciliation Project.
● Received appreciation from the clients for Asset Inspection & Geyser Monitoring System.
● Won AIP Anchor Award by Academic Interface,
TCS Internal Programme for conducting training
sessions on Image Processing and Deep Learning
in various colleges in Kerala.
LEARNINGS & CERTIFICATIONS
● Secure & Private AI Scholarship, Udacity, 2019
● Machine Learning A-Z TM: Hands-On Python & R
In Data Science, Udemy, 2018
● edX Honor Code Certificate for Introduction to
Computer Science and Programming Using
Python, Edx, 2015
● Fundamentals of Digital Image and Video
Processing, Coursera, 2013
● Intro to Deep Learning with PyTorch, Udacity,
2019
● CS231n: Convolution Neural Network for Visual
Recognition, Stanford University, 2017
● System and method for vegetation monitoring
on power lines - (IDF-104****-***)
● Cognitive document verification and
information retrieval RPA - (IDF-920111-035)
SKILLS
Linear Algebra, Information Theory, Semantic
Segmentation, Object Detection, Image Alignment,
Core Image Processing, Point Cloud Processing,
Design Patterns, Actor System(Thespian), Differential Privacy and Federated Learning.
LIBRARIES & FRAMEWORKS
Image Processing:OpenCV, Scikit-image, PIL/Pillow
Computation Libraries:Numpy, Pandas, Open3D,
gprof.
Machine Learning:Scikit-learn, Fast.ai, Pytorch,
Tensorboard, Keras(Tensorflow), Tensorflow Serving, ONNX, t-SNE, PCA, Tensor-RT.
IDE:Pycharm, Jupyter Notebook, Vi/Nano, Sublime
Text.
Databases: MongoDB, PostgreSQL
Programming: Python, C++ and Shell
(Bash/Terminal).
Real-Time Communication: WebSocket.
Virtualization: VirtualBox, Nivida-docker.
Cloud Deployment: AWS Sagemaker, S3, EC2,
Lambda.
Software Versioning: Git.
INTERNSHIPS
Bharat Electronics Limited
July 2015 - August 2015
Completed training on "RADAR TRANSMITTER" with
excellent performance.
Sapro Imaging & Robotics
September 2013 - November 2013
Developed & deployed the project on Video
Surveillance and SpyBot.
Github link for Video Surveillance:
https://github.com/ashutoshraj/CameraSurveillance
PROJECTS
Mines Geyser-Outburst Monitoring System
Jan 2019 - Current
Feature-based analytics generation and predictions of an outburst of Geyser Hotspot in mines area using visual monitoring systems.
Based upon the previous data analysis of steam volume, originating geyser pores and several other parameters. Designed algorithm for finding n number of clusters without defining beforehand based on image processing. Able to detect geyser originating pores with 92.8% accuracy.
Created automatic Day/Night detection Algorithm for a large volume of videos.
Implemented video stabilization algorithm such as auto exposure, feature-based, detection based.
Generated plots for visualization of relevant parameters using the t-SNE and PCA algorithm.
Monitoring Vegetation Encroachment with Powerlines Nov 2018 - Mar 2019
Data is collected with LIDAR and analyzed to detect diseased trees that could fall and hit a powerline (fall ins) or trees that are encroaching on powerlines (grow-ins). Developed statistical models and machine learning
approaches for the analysis of point cloud data.
Every structural inferencing of Pole Detection was achieved using only LIDAR data.
Developed an algorithm for a 3D histogram upon the specified plane with varying distributions.
For the detection of trees and their species, RGB Images were involved.
Cognitive Document Verification And Information
Retrieval - RPA
Jan 2017 - Oct 2018
This is an internal project for the Human Resource team. This system goes through all the documents of new joiners to validate whether he/she has submitted all the required documents (Govt., Legal & Educational Docs) or not. The system uses robotic process automation to download all the docs and updates it on the website.
Developed code for automatic download and upload of documents through Desktop GUI Interface.
Used selenium, OCR, Image Processing and python
automation for automating the whole pipeline.
Signature Verification Without CNN
Jan 2018 - Mar 2018
Designed a lightweight python application using core image processing concepts and libraries.
Asset Inspection for Transmission Towers
Jul 2018 - Current
Intelligent predictive maintenance of Power
Transmission Tower using drones visual feed.
After data acquisition, we run our data processing for generating insights & analytics for various anomalies detection such as cracked insulators, flashed dampers, damaged conductors, etc.
Developed custom Dynamic-UNET architecture for
pixel-level (semantic) segmentation of insulators from the background.
Developed and deployed this project onto the AWS
infrastructure API based deployment.
Warehouse Inventory Reconciliation Using Drones
Mar 2018 - Oct 2018
Reconciling the whole warehouse inventories using
drone video feed.
Inventory Identification & Reconciliation involves barcode/ QR code
recognition, Text Recognition, Pallet Region Detection. Developed code for localizing the labels on the
inventory and implemented an actor system for
multiprocessing of the barcode decoding module.
Used several design patterns for designing the pipeline such as logging system, database wrapper.
Face Authentication System For Airlines Customers, Oct 2017 - Mar 2018
It involves Image Processing(Depth & Color stream) and Deep Learning algorithms to the differentiation between Photo/Video or Human Face.
After human verification, it compares the customer face with the Passport ID.
This project was deployed on the AWS server and
having a web application interface running web
sockets.
Intelligent Character Recognition System
Mar 2017 - Aug 2017
Developed and deployed the Optical Character
Recognition model on our own database with up to
78.2% accuracy.
The intelligent part comes while segmenting the type of data from different fields.
Developed code for the extraction of letters from the predefined physical form.
Created a simple desktop GUI application for the
same.
Details about this project are on Github
EDUCATION
Electronics & Communication, Bachelor Of Engineering & Technology, Graduated, July 2016 Krishna Institute Of Engineering Technology
Dr. A.P.J. Abdul Kalam Technical University – Marks 72%, Division I Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh
DECLARATION
I, Ashutosh Raj, hereby declare that the information contained herein is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Ashutosh Raj
Bangalore, Karnataka
REFERENCES
**References available upon request.

Contact this candidate
