
VIKNESHWARI.M No: */** Anna Street,
M. A Nagar, Redhills, Chennai – 600 052.
Mob: 979*******
E-mail: adahn1@r.postjobfree.com
OBJECTIVE
To acquire a challenging position in a reputed organization where I could use my good designing, hardworking and creative skills for the growth and good market position of the Company. TECHNICAL EXPERTISE:
Extensive experience in Stadd Pro
Trained and got Knowledge on Structural detail drawing NATURE OF RESPONSIBILITIES:
Design of steel and RCC structure using Staad Pro
Design of RCC residential building, beams & columns are design in Staad Pro and slab are designed manually
Preparation of BOQ for structural steel and RCC building
Checking of drawings like general arrangement plans, foundations layouts, steel fabrication as per the client’s standard (ISGEC heavy engineering), connection details, section views and elevation.
Checking drawings and providing BOQ of ware house roof purlin, wall girts, bracing etc..
Coordinating with project managers and client including their requirement in the designing structure SOFTWARE SKILLS:
Stadd Pro V8
Auto CAD
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY & PROJECTS SUMMARY:
Company Name : NTC Engineering and PMC LLP
Designation : Structural Engineer
Period of Work : Sep 2018-till date
Project # Structural design for supports
Client: Indian Oil Corporation
Role: Structural engineer
Details of Project:
Air duct platform
Silencer Platform & Supports
Compressor air duct
Damper attending platform
Burner inlet and outlet support structure
Analysis of piping supports
Responsibilities of work:
Design of steel and RCC structure using Staad Pro
Designing foundations for PEB structures of warehouses and providing sizes of footing
Designed steel supporting structure for Indian Oil Corporation limited through the EPC (ISGEC heavy engineering limited)
Industrial steel structure like equipment supporting structure are designed and analysis with STAAD PRO
Design of RCC residential building, beams & columns are design in Staad Pro and slab are designed manually
Checking of drawings like general arrangement plans, foundations layouts, steel fabrication as per the client’s standard (ISGES heavy engineering), connection details, section views and elevation.
Preparation of BOQ for structural steel and RCC building
Checking drawings and providing BOQ of ware house roof purlin, wall girts, bracing etc..
Coordinating with project managers and client including their requirement in the designing structure. QUALIFICATION:
Bachelor of engineering (Civil) from Vel Tech High Tech Engineering College,Chennai, (Affiliated to Anna University Chennai), TamilNadu. (2017)
Higher Secondary at ST Mary’s Matriculation Higher secondary school Chennai 2013
SSLC at ST Mary’s Matriculation Higher secondary school Chennai 2011 PERSONAL DEATAILS:
Name : Vikneshwari. M
Father Name : M. Muneeyandi
Date of Birth : 18-12-1995.
Gender : Female.
Marital status : Single.
Nationality : Indian.
Languages known : Tamil, English.
DECLARATION:
I hereby declare that the above furnished details are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. Place: Chennai
Date: Vikneshwari. M

Contact this candidate
