
ANDRÉ PORTUGAL
LEIRIA, PORTUGAL +351-***-***-*** adahdn@r.postjobfree.com
LINKEDIN: ANDRE PORTUGAL
MECHANICAL ENGINEER
I am a detail-oriented, results-driven engineer with experience in project implementation and management, machining and performance improvement. My approach is business-minded, aiming to execute company objectives. In my career I have excelled at creating solutions and leading efforts to increase efficiency, simplify processes, and contribute to enhancing the performance of products and services. I possess know-how of testing methods, quality principles, and quality control procedures. I am used to thrive in a challenging, deadline- driven environment, utilizing strong analytical skills to measure key performance metrics, mitigate risk, and create value. I am willing to relocate and to embrace new challenges. I am native in Portuguese and fluent in English. TECHNICAL SKILLS
Moldex3D Rhinoceros AutoCAD Microsoft Office Suite SolidWorks Inventor Cimatron CORE STRENGTHS
Project Management Mechanical Design Research & Development Strategic Planning & Execution Process Improvement Machining Case Analysis Customer Service Hardware Repair Troubleshooting Technical Support Problem Solving PROFESSIONAL PROGRESSION
CAE ENGINEER FJN LEIRIA, PORTUGAL JANUARY 2019-PRESENT
Cost reduction by maximizing in-house machinery use of program files development through Rhinoceros, for part numbers and logos laser markings.
Improved production process by creating and implementing checklist to overview all production phases; increased efficiency and minimized processing delays by documenting issues upstream in real time while maintaining constant communication.
Provided strategic recommendations for process solutions by interpreting blueprints, technical drawings, and schematics.
Generated process reports with Moldex3D for new molds; monitored performance and benchmarks on a regular basis to meet company objectives.
CAE ANALYST REOPOLY LEIRIA, PORTUGAL MAY 2017-JANUARY 2019
Improved efficiency for computation time evaluations by developing software program in VB language; extracted the elapsed time of computation and other parameters utilized for analysis, producing a CSV file for easy examination to predict length of time for following runs.
Improved reliability and reduced mold injection process tests by creating model using Moldex3D to identify shrinkage value.
Developed strong departmental relationships by collaborating with software development team to identify and report errors and bugs on newly released software.
Evaluated opportunities to streamline or execute process improvements; provided software solutions and recommendations; implemented initiatives to meet overall corporate objectives.
Oversaw IT maintenance by utilizing strong troubleshooting and problem solving skills to resolve technical issues and system malfunctions.
Facilitated, analyzed, and resolved technical issues for Moldex3D users by providing exceptional customer service. ASSEMBLY ASSOCIATE PORTUMOLDE LEIRIA, PORTUGAL OCTOBER 2016-APRIL 2017
Improved production times by utilizing strong attention to detail and precision to produce parts to meet inventory goals.
Maintained maximum performance and quality standards for assembly of mold components.
Collaborated with upper management by providing recommendations and solutions to maintain a safe and productive environment.
Developed and implemented checklist inspections of finished products to meet customer standards and delivery deadlines.
Created Gantt charts to monitor progress of the mold manufacturing. EDUCATION
MASTER OF SCIENCE, MECHANICAL ENGINEERING UNIVERSITY OF COIMBRA COIMBRA, PORTUGAL SEPTEMBER 2016
Key Courses: Introduction to Mechanical Design; Fluid Mechanics; Probability and Statistics; Design of Machine Elements HOBBIES AND OTHER INTERESTS
Swimming Cinema Woodworking Literature

Contact this candidate
