
Khalil Kokash
Maintenance Manager
Background:
Over 23 years of experience in manufacturing companies in the Maintenance Management field with a significant experience in Proactive Maintenance and cost control. Objectives:
Build effective Preventive Maintenance systems.
Alter mentality to adapt company policies and objectives. Achieve maximum output of production with healthy running of the equipment. Build highly skilled team.
Reduce cost to the acceptable minimum without affecting the smooth operation running. Experience and employment history
Al Khalij Cement Company Nov. 2013 – Sep. 2019
Maintenance Manager
Respect and implement company policies.
Assure smooth operation and fullest availability of production equipment with recommended quality and zero unforeseen incidents through upmost cooperation with different departments.
Assure Safety rules commitment all team members.
Challenge Maintenance team for optimal budget with cost follow up with proper remedies in case of unjustified deviations.
Set and assure dedication of the teams to the Maintenance plan in a proactive method.
Guide and upskill the team to adapt the mentality according to company objectives along with improved training programs for maintenance employees.
Monitored priorities and liaised between maintenance team and management, delegating tasks to ensure timely task completion.
Established and documented protocols for preventive maintenance procedures, decreasing equipment issues and reducing downtime.
Establish a professional healthy relation with customers and contractor to utilize the maximum benefit of the company.
Cooperate with Management as required to enhance work systems for achieve designated objectives.
Lafarge Jordan Cement Mar. 1996 – Nov. 2013
Methods Manager
Respect company policies and objectives to assure commitment by all teams.
Build up plan for all year's maintenance activities for all departments.
Establish and follow an Inspection route plan for all production equipments, and any related, to assure zero incident.
Set and follow with Execution teams to carry out all agreed schedules.
Initiate and finalize the Maintenance budget and follow the cost with setting proper remedies in case of any un-justified deviations.
Follow the work orders system for commitment by all concerned.
Set and implement training programmes for all Maintenance teams to upgrade their skills and mentality.
Doha – Qatar
Mobile: 009**-**-***-***
E-mail: adaimd@r.postjobfree.com
Work Achievements:
Safety Audit:
Monthly safety audits to monitor employee behaviour and ensure safe compliance with company policies and safety regulations.
Maintenance
Increased reliability of production equipment up to 98% through planned maintenance.
Reduce Maintenance cost by almost 30% through proper preventive Maintenance and proper budgeting.
Set a weekly preventive plan for all equipment and a yearly Shutdown schedule.
Production
Increase equipment production by 20% through cooperation between Maintenance and Production.
Education:
Jordan University of Science and Technology Jun. 1987 – Jun. 1993 Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering
Skills:
Established managerial and leadership abilities
Mechanical and construction expertise
Experience in maintenance, repair, and safety
Excellent interpersonal communication, both written and oral Strong attention to detail, decision-making, and critical thinking Languages:
Arabic: Native
English: Fluent
IT skills:
Microsoft Office
Management Software (SAP and Maximo)
Personal Information:
Born: 18 September 1969
Married
Certified Engineer in Jordan Engineers Association Ready for work within one month.

Contact this candidate
