
DEEPIKA B W/O Nagapandian R no.*,sevanthi street VOC nagar, yadava gens college opposite, Thirupalai Madurai Phone No: +919********* Email id: adaiok@r.postjobfree.com
Career Objective
With more than 3+ years of experience, I aim to be associated with a progressive organization that gives me scope to update my knowledge in accordance with latest trends and be a part of a team that works dynamically towards the growth of the organization and gain satisfaction thereof.
Work experience
Job name : Service engineer at Thulirtech Pvt ltd Chennai for electronic goods
Roles and responsibilities:
Troubleshooting electronic goods(power suppliers, medical and industrial electronic equipments) at PCB level
Concept development, circuit design and Testing ICs using Qmax
Supervision of electronic components
Handling clients
Job name : Process analyst at SG software and solutions Karur for Arch project.
Roles and responsibilities:
Providing back end support for the project called Arch (www.onlineoversight.com) through sales force.
Maintaining the registration and customer details on sales force
Preparing reports, getting approval and maintaining.
Analyzing and troubleshooting the errors occurred in the project and documenting the same.
Providing E mail support to customers and to back end team.
Other data entry work regarding the project.
Job name : Project coordinator at EGB systems and solutions Chennai for ePadasalai project.
Roles and responsibilities:
Developing project strategies for ePadasalai (Educational ERP)
Developing and maintaining a detailed project plan using wire frame
Working with Project Manager and assisting in developing a comprehensive workflow process for the ePadasalai project
Preparation of test cases, reporting of errors and preparing of complete test reports
Testing and reporting error to PM as and when a module is completed by developer.
Documenting the complete flow of project
Prepare minutes of meeting, presentations and tables
Job name : Team coordinator at Intarvo technologies Bangalore for GOK (Government of Karnataka) E-procurement project.
Roles and responsibilities:
Conduct Training for the new Joinees.
Handling the Team around (12Members).
Tracking the Call Tickets and updating to Senior Level.
Providing E-mail Support for Govt users and Citizens.
Helping Team to achieve there Targets.
Interacting with L2 and CEG (Centre for E-governance) for Escalations.
Responsibility for handling escalations.
Assisting the users on application Issue.
Providing Presentation and Call Summary details

Academic Profile:

COURSE
BOARD/UNIVERSITY
INSTITUTION
YEAR
PERCENTAGE
B.E(ECE)
Anna University
Sasurie Academy of Engineering, Coimbatore.
2008 to 2012
86.9%
HSC
Karnataka State Board
Govt. Pre University College. Puttur D.K
2007 to 2008
70%
SSLC
Karnataka State Board
St.Victor’s Girls High School. Puttur D.K
2005 to 2006
81.9%

Technical skills
Languages : Basics of ‘C’, Object oriented Programming in C++ Operating System : Windows 07/Vista/XP Web technologies : HTML, CSS, Java script, PHP Database : Mysql
Personal Skills

Comprehensive problem solving abilities.
Willingness to learn, Fast learner.
Team facilitator.
Good Communication skills
Hard working.
Personal Information

Date of Birth : 10-1-1991 Age : 28 Years Sex : Female Nationality : Indian Fathers name : Bairawaswamy P Contact number : +919********* Email id : adaiok@r.postjobfree.com Languages known : English, Kannada, Tamil and Hindi

Declaration

I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is true to my knowledge and belief.

Date: Yours
Place: Deepika B

Contact this candidate
