
NJOH YANNICK NJI
NJOH YANNICK NJI
● DOB: ** Sept 1990 ● Mob: +974-******** ● Address: Doha Qatar
E: adai53@r.postjobfree.com ●Nationality: Cameroonian ● Marital Status: Married Interest: (Civil) QAQC INSPECTOR/MATERIAL INSPECTOR/SUPERVISOR/SENIOR LAB TECH JOB OBJECTIVE
Qualified and highly experienced Civil QC Material Inspector with vast knowledge in road construction practices and asphalt/concrete material testing. Conducts high level reviews of proposed plans and completes physical inspections at construction project sites. ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS & TRAINING ATTENDED/CERTIFICATIONS
Bachelor’s Degree in Electrical Engineering: National Advance School of engineering Yaoundé 1 Cameroon. June 2012
Diploma in computer maintenance: Laurate Business College Bamenda Cameroon August 2013 Certifications
ISO 9001/2015 Quality Management System auditor/lead auditor: Bright Services Intl Training Center Doha Qatar March 2016
CMQ training. Certified Manager of Quality/Organizational Excellence: Chicago Training Institute Qatar April 2016
Training Certificates of Completion Arab Center for Engineering Studies, ASTM, BSEN standards in (Asphalt, concrete, bitumen and soil) (Aces, Doha, Qatar)
Ashghal Asphalt ASTM international certification (AASHTO R47-14(2018), ASTM D2041-11, D6926-16, D7227-17, D2726-17, D3203-17, D3549-18, D6927-15, D2172-17e1, D5444-15, D979- 15 D140-16, D5361-16, D2995-14.)
ISO/IEC 17025:2005 accredited (IAS)
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Ability to work amicably with others and with a team.
Knowledgeable with computer and all the things related to it.
Ability to work with people from different backgrounds and respect them.
Excellent inspection experience, including setting goals and objectives, project development, planning and organization.
Excellent time management skills to meet strict deadlines. EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
ARAB CENTER FOR ENGINEERING STUDIES (PARTNER IN QUALITY CONSTRUCTION) (ACES) DOHA, QATAR
POSITION: - QC LAB SUPERVISOR (TECHNICAL) 15 March 2018 to Present.
PROJECT: Design and Build of Al Khor Expressway Project (16-031)
CONTRACTOR: TEKFEN Construction
CONSULTANT: KEO International Consultants
CLIENT: Public Works Authority (ASHGHAL)
NJOH YANNICK NJI
POSITION: - QC SITE LAB INCHARGE 3 Jan 2017 to 30 Jan 2018
PROJECT: Roads and Infrastructures in government Residential Division in North of Al Wukair
(DS131) (IA 14/15 C 057 ST) Development of Link Road From Barwa Commercial Road to Wakrah Main - Advanced Temporary Works (DS136-po4)
CONTRACTOR: Boom-Lotus (JV)
CONSULTANT: PARSONS Engineering consulting
CLIENT: Public Works Authority (ASHGHAL)
Coordinate with the QC Engineer and Site engineer for inspection and meeting about quality problems including closure of Non-Compliance Report (NCR).
Taking care of QA/QC documents of the entire project including certificates, calibration, test results, Request for Inspection (RFI), non-compliance reports and site instruction/observations, permanent materials delivered and other QA/QC documents.
Prepare daily materials quality control report, monthly productivity and summary of back-up test results.
Provides quality control measures for test procedures; reviews and documents results; implements corrective action(s) when tolerance limits are exceeded; ensures specimen integrity from point of receipt and accessioning through filing/archival; ensures compliance with standards and regulations of accrediting and government agencies.
Resolves day to day operational problems related to system, personnel and equipment performance.
Check and inspect on site the material used if it represents to the materials previously approved, tested and accepted conforming to the specification stipulated in the contract.
Conduct asphalt classification in every change of layers per site specification.
Assist and kept record in the conduct of asphalt laying records and all testing results and spare samples.
Performing an array of material sampling and testing as per desired standards – Soil, Asphalt, Aggregates, Concrete and Bituminous Materials.
Inspection and initial in-house calibration of laboratory equipment to assure good working condition.
Assisting in audit Preparation for site laboratories through checking of technical documents and project quality forms.
Maintaining daily logs and laboratory records for future preferences. Kept and update weekly and monthly record relative to materials testing activities, quality test results and material deliveries on site.
Assist all materials sampling and testing performed in the laboratory using available facilities in private and government testing laboratories accredited by (MOE, ISO, ANAS) as permitted by the Consultant.
Ensure that the approved Concrete and Asphalt Mix design for batch weight, binder content, in production of HMA was used, and to ensure that the mixing and handling of asphalt conforms to the AASHTO, ASTM & BSEN standard specifications.
Evaluate material testing results, record modification to meet standard specification.
Educated guests and performed visitor tours in the site laboratory.
Responsible for training new hires.
NJOH YANNICK NJI
Maintained and updated certification files for all staffs at site lab.
Ensure that all equipment is maintained and calibrated and up to date.
Documentation of all RFI’s (Request for Inspection) after signed by the consultant.
Ensure all work is correctly prepared prior to any inspection being undertaken
Ensure that all inspection reports are accurate and that all attached documents are current status.
Coordinate with the QC Engineers & Consultants regarding sampling, testing and closure of RFI with material testing request form copies.
Supervising technician during testing procedure and checking.
Preparing testing request forms, for all material related testing.
Checking and evaluating material testing results (marshal VFA, VMA, Va, stiffness, Core degree of compaction and in-place air void.
Training technician on how to conduct other test and updating their knowledge in material testing and how to handle testing equipment.
Review work procedures and method statements for compliance with good work practices and the customers contract specializations.
Liaise with the contractor’s field staff and project consultant to ensure that all required testing has been performed as per standard.
Coordinating with construction engineers and PMT (Project Management Team) & Project Inspection Department (PID) for inspection of each activity for client approval.
Checking daily RFI log to include respective RFI number on material testing request form.
Compliance with the site's health and safety regulations.
Review all inspection reports for compliance.
Attend QAQC meetings.
POSITION: - QC LAB TECHNICIAN 18 Nov 2015 to Dec 2016
PROJECT: Roads and Infrastructure Construction in Doha Industrial Area Package 01
PROJECT CODE: IA 13/14 C OO5 ST - QS001-PO1
CONTRACTOR: MSF-QTCG (JV)
CONSULTANT: AECOM Middle East Limited
CLIENT: Public Works Authority (ASHGHAL)
POSITION: - QC. MATERIAL TESTING TECHNICIAN 16 Nov 2014 – 16 Nov 2015
ACES MAIN Laboratory
DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES-
Testing of all asphalt related testing:- GMM, Quantitative binder content, Mechanical sieve analysis, marshal properties, stability and flow (stiffness) IDT, TSR, superpave gyratory compaction, prime coat tack coat rate of application, core density and thickness as per specified standard.
Coordinate with Laboratory Manager concerning all the quality matters obtained during operation and material testing on aggregates, soil, concrete and asphalt to be used for NJOH YANNICK NJI
construction.
Perform regular internal calibrations, equipment calibration and maintenance, and all other aspects of the quality system as and when required.
Review inspection/test procedures for each category of work prepared by the Client/Engineer.
Responsible for the supervision of field quality control activities and shall coordinate project quality control efforts to ensure the project and standard specification are obtained.
Concrete material testing :- (slump testing, casting cubes, curing cubes, Cube thickness, air content, compressive strength testing.
Quality control testing, risk assessment and other laboratory duties.
Responsible for asphalt laying, temperature monitory collection of test samples and recording all details as per government specifications.
Record test results on standardized forms and write test reports describing procedures used. COMPUTER LITERACY
Computer Software/hardware Operation (Ms Word and Ms Excel) REFERENCES
Available on request

Contact this candidate
