
Electrical And Computers
Engineering Graduate, CU
Muthya Mounika
Tirumani
Ambitious entry-level hardware engineer with strong desire to apply education to root cause analysis in hardware product development. Hands-on practice
with demonstrated success managing hardware
development and support projects. Proven with
ability to work with all types of personalities. Looking for opportunity to work with cutting-edge
technology and services organization.
Personal Info
Address
#132 - 324 Cambridge St North
Ottawa, ON, K1R 7B5
Phone
613-***-****
E-mail
adairt@r.postjobfree.com
Skills
Storage
hardware
architecture
Good
Technology
development Very Good
Report writing
and analysis Very Good
Hardware tools
Excellent
Design Module
Coding and
Control
Excellent
Hardware
design Excellent
Team
leadership Excellent
Software
HTML, CSS,
JavaScript Good
Verilog HDL,
VHDL, RTL
Design
Very Good
Education
Masters in Electrical And Computers
Engineering
Carleton University - Ottawa, CA
Thesis: Low Power Designs for VLSI Architecture
Modules
Coursework in VLSI Design, RFICD Designing, Silicon Photonics, Electronic Design, Automation and
Algorithm Techniques, and several other courses in Electromagnetic's.
Worked on Energy Storage System of a DGS
allocation in Renewable Micro Grid Energy System.
Continuing education in VLSI Designs
2017-01 -
2019-02
Bachelor of Electronics And Computers
Engineering
Andhra University - INDIA
Thesis: PhotoVoltaic Power System Tracking with
Arduino for obtaining Maximum Power.
Received Scholarship for Academic Excellence
Professional development completed in VLSI Design
and Embedded Systems
2012-09 -
2016-05
Work History
Hardware Design Engineer Internship
National Remote Sensing Centre, Hyderabad, INDIA
Designed satellite hardware components that
include error-detection and error-correction boards using logical and physical component designing
methods.
Translated broad spectrum project requirements to
detailed hardware architecture design concepts.
Outlined design requirements, functional
specifications and reports to document
development processes.
Recommended architectural improvements, design
2015-04 -
Current
MATLAB/Simulin
k Very Good
FPGA/ASIC
Design Flows Excellent
Cadence
Virtuoso Excellent
Xilinx ISE,
Design Vision, Excellent
solutions and integration solutions.
Monitored network performance and provided
network performance statistical reports for both
real-time and historical measurements.
Designed strategic plan for component
development practices to support future projects.
Currently working on technologies of A-GPS, GNSS
and SBAS
Managed technical and non-technical projects
from concept to completion.
Cashier
Loblaw Companies Limited, Ottawa, Ontario
Processed POS transactions, including checks, cash and credit purchases or refunds.
Operated cash register for cash, check and credit
card transactions with 100% accuracy.
Mentored new team members on registers,
meeting customer needs, maximizing group
performance and maintaining high satisfaction with customers.
Answered questions about store policies and
concerns to support positive customer experiences. Assisted customers with special services, account
updates and promotional options.
2017-05 -
Current
Certifications and Publications
Published the Paper ‘Pattern Recognition in Neural Networks' in the Institute of Research and
Journals(IRAJ)
Published a Paper ‘Under-water Sensor Networks' in SRM Journal, Japan.
Participated/Presented a paper at the International Conference on Electrical Electronics Computer
Science and Mechanical Engineering held at
Hyderabad on 24 th November, 2013.
Participated/Presented a paper at the National
Conference on Emerging Technologies in Computer
Science by BRCORP held at Jawaharlal Nehru
Technological University, Vizianagaram on 28 th and 29 th March, 2014.
Underwent an In-plant Training on the concepts of
‘Web Designing' by LITZ Tech, Coimbatore from 24 th
-30 th June, 2014.
Completed third year mini-project on ‘Xilinx FPGA
based VLSI Architecture Design for Serial CRC and
Parallel CRC using Verilog HDL' at National Remote Sensing Centre (NRSC), ISRO, Department of Space,
Government of India.
Participated in Robo-genesis'12 workshop organized by ‘Cyborg' at Andhra University College of
Engineering, Visakhapatnam held from 1 st December, 2012 to 2 nd December, 2012.
Participated at the 19 th International Conference on Advanced Computing and Communications by IEEE
Computer Society held at Hindustan University,
Chennai from 21 st -25 th October, 2013.
Presented a Paper on ‘Witricty' at ESPARX 2K15 held at Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Kakinada during 28 th February, 2015 and 1 st March, 2015.
Participated at the Workshop ‘System Implementation using Signal Processing' held at Andhra University College of Engineering for Women on 16 th March,
2015.
Participated at the Workshop ‘System Implementation using Microcontroller' held at Andhra University
College of Engineering for Women on 9 th and 10 th September, 2015.

Contact this candidate
