
Peter Caserta
Pompano Beach, Florida
754-***-****
adai0f@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY
Seeking a Recruiting position. After taking time off from the staffing business (to open my own business) two years ago, I decided to re-enter the field again as a recruiter. Prior to that I worked in the industry for 25 years in management as well as in an ownership capacity.

SPECIALIZED SKILLS
My 25 years recruiting experience and knowledge imbued the team to be more productive.
My enthusiasm and self-motivation permeated the recruiting staff to develop extraordinary results.

PROFFESIONAL EXPERIENCE
Recruiter and Sales Representative 2017-present
NU Wave People, New Jersey
Recruited technical as well as office and medical personnel for various State Agencies in the North-East.
Performed marketing and sales functions that resulted in rapport building with the Client and Company.
Researched new business development expansion into for physician staffing.
ATS Tool-Job Diva

President and CEO 2010-2017, 2000-2008
Private Equity Investment, Virginia
Principal Investor utilizing personal equity investments.
Various Retail Businesses; established business plans and marketing strategies.
Responsibilities included hiring of all team leaders and organizing a corporate environment in a retail location and enabling a smooth seamless interface.
Monitored all profit and losses to cut costs

Advisory Board Member and Sales Representative 2008-2010
Intertech (a staffing company) Phoenix
Founders were former employees of my staffing company, Interglobal Technical Services.
Strategized and implemented sales campaign to major financial Institutions.
Implemented Near Shore IT services for Wells Fargo in Costa Rica, utilizing Intertech’s core center of software engineering and operating personnel.

President, CEO and Founder (Engineering Services and Staffing). 1970-2000
Interglobal Technical Services, NYC.
General Manager, East Coast Operations (Engineering Services and Staffing).
Volt Information Sciences, NASDAQ, NYC.

President and CEO, Board Member (Artificial Intelligence Software).
Automated Reasoning Inc., Long Island NY.

Interglobal
Started company as first employee and built it to $35 million in sales over a 10-year period. Acquired by CDI on NYSE. Prior to being acquired we had 15 offices in key cities throughout the USA; business was divided into in-house fixed-price contract and staffing. Client base was fortune 500 such as Intel, IBM, ATT, Capital One, etc.
Company was initially funded by a NYSE entity and was acquired by my brother and me eight years later with the assistance of Wells Fargo Financing and our equity. Five years later we sold the business to CDI whereby my brother became an employee and I became an advisory consultant to the president for several years. Ultimately my brother became President of all staffing operations of CDI responsible for sales of one billion.

VOLT
In-House Project Engineering and Staffing for Aerospace, Telecommunications, and Computer Industries). Promoted thru ranks from a Project Engineer to General Manager of all east-coast operations managing 7 project offices with over 2,000 employees.

Automated Reasoning
Artificial intelligence company with 50 Software Developers with applications in the testing and troubleshooting of electronic and mechanical systems. Herman Fialkof one of the founders of Intel was the primary investor.

EDUCATION
BS in Electrical Engineering, Fairleigh Dickinson University.

Volunteer Lieutenant Firefighter, Plandome Fire Department (Manhasset NY).

Held a Secret Clearance with The Department of Defense.

Contact this candidate
