
CURRICULUM VITAE
Shamsul Najiulliah V
Current profession: Design Engineer (Product Design) in AMITA JAPAN, Location: Chennai. Total Experience : 3.7 yrs.
Email : adaiq9@r.postjobfree.com
Phone : 989-***-****.
CAREER OBJECTIVE:
Seeking a position to utilize my skills and abilities that offers professional Growth while being a strong resourceful, innovative to face any challenges and putting best efforts for the growth of the organization. SOFTWARE SKILLS:
SolidWorks 2019,
Unigraphics NX 10,
AUTOCAD 2019
Photoshop, Key shot
MS-Office and Advanced Excel.
TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Totally having 3.7 years of experience in the field of Product Design.
Capable to do handle projects individually in product design for any complicated products in any domain from the scratch or from concept level to production.
Having wide knowledge of materials and manufacturing process.
Having good knowledge in understanding client requirements to identify the need of the customer by having customer interaction to approach the problem and to identify the solution.
Can create and review new design concepts and detail drawings & documentation as per the customer requirements (Standard).
Capable to do root cause analysis for product development and provide error free solutions.
Having adequate knowledge about plastic mold design and development
Capacity-Fast learn of company standards & observe customer requirements. EXPERIENCE PARTICULARS
Present Employee in AMITA TECHNICAL COMPANY, Chennai. (From 11th March 2018 to till date) AMITA JAPAN
AMITA is the global leader of Fishing Net Machine Manufacturers. They are having a wide range of netting machines and they are supplying machines to about 60 countries all over the world. Designation and Department: Design Engineer/R&D
Responsibility in present company:
Developing concepts and mechanisms for new generation netting machines.
Developing new 3D-models from conceptual inputs.
Providing design supports with the AMITA team in Headquarters, JAPAN.
Value engineering for cost reduction and product optimization.
Parametric Modeling using Solid works 2019.
Generation of associative drawings for the requested parts & assemblies as per BOM.
ISO and Quality checks as per the company standards and submit the error free 3d models and drawings on or before the estimated time period.
Projects Handled:
Design and developed a new machine to increase the productivity
Design, developed and implemented a new device to control the improper size of nylon nets
Worked on the new generation of netting machine which is about to release. Onsite Visits:
Worked in JAPAN over a period of three months from September 2018 to December 2018 for the project of new generation of netting machines.
2. MADEIT Innovation Foundation, From Dec 2016 to April 2018 MadeIT Innovation Foundation, a design-driven technology business Incubator, Promoted by Indian Institute of Information technology, design and Manufacturing, Fully Funded by MHRD Govt of India.
Designation : Design Engineer
Software Used: Uni-Graphics Nx-10 and Solid works. Responsibility in the company:
Understanding Client Requirements
Conducting product and market research using ethnography and observational research techniques.
Supports startups by actively participating with their design and developmental activities on developing new products for market.
Concept generation using various design techniques like morphological analysis with brain storming and creative thinking.
3D Modeling the newly developed concepts, rendering and presenting to clients to get approval.
Considering DFM and DFA for the newly developed concepts for the products
Exploring various materials to match the criteria.
Detail drawing for production.
Taking care of both Additive and subtractive rapid prototyping. 3. Bicycle Start-up ; Product Designer (Design and Developed Bicycles) Worked as Design Engineer in Sri Durga Engineering works, Pataravakkam, Ambattur, CHENNAI.
(June 2016 to December 2016)
Responsibilities:
Product Research
Ideation
Concept Generation & Detailing
3D Modeling, Rendering, Prototyping
Validation
AREA OF INTEREST:
Product Design
New product Development
Research and Developmental projects
BASIC EXPERIENCE DETAILS:
Six month In-plant training completed at Microtech Engineers PVT.LTD, Thirumudivakkam as a Plastic Injection Mold Maker.
EDUCATION QUALIFICATION
M.Des Product Design (Coventry University, UK) at MS Ramaiah School of Advanced Studies, Bangalore. (September 2013 to July 2015)
Post Diploma in plastic mold technology at Central Institute of Plastic Engineering and Technology. (August 2010 to July 2011)
Diploma in plastic mold technology at Central Institute of Plastic Engineering and Technology
(August 2007 to July 2010)
Higher Secondry from KNHSS, Tuticorin, Tamil nadu in 2003.
Secondary School Leaving from KNHSS, Tuticorin, Tamilnadu in 2001. Individual Project Links – (Please go through the links to see some of my Project works)
https://www.behance.net/designnajifb1c
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aDwnzfb-bP8
PERSONAL PROFILE
Name : Shamsul Najiulliah V
Date of Birth: 05.11.1985
Sex: Male
Nationality: Indian
Passport Number: K4027278
Father’s name: Varisai Mohideen.S
Language Known: English, Tamil.
Present Address: 2/20, Bajanaikovil street 2nd lane, Choolaimedu, Chennai - 600094
Permanent Address: 15c/5j, Nandagopalapuram west, Thoothukudi, TAMILNADU- 628002 DECLARATION:
I, hereby confirm that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge. DATE : Yours Faithfully,
PLACE: CHENNAI (Shamsul Najiulliah V)

Contact this candidate
