
SAUDI A. LADJA
Contact No.: ********
Email Address: adai0s@r.postjobfree.com
OBJECTIVE:
To be able to provide assistance to design engineers and use my skills and proficiency in AutoCAD, Civil 3D and other software programs to be able to produce quality designs. EXPERIENCE:
DUNCAN & ROSS MIDDLE EAST
Ubora Tower / Level 705, Dubai
Position: Mechanical Draftsman
Year: February 1, 2019 – Present
Client:
CHINA MERCHANT HARBOR CONSTRUCTION W.L.L.
Shk A. Rahman Bin Jassim AL Thani Road Al Wakra City, Qatar Duties:
Preparing shop drawing for chamber and manhole details.
Preparing layout & profile shop drawing for potable water line, fire water, foul sewage, & tse irrigation network.
Preparing coordinates & schedule of pipe fittings for chamber & manhole. JOANNOU & PARASKEVAIDES QATAR W.L.L
163 Rawdat Al Khail Street, Nuija, 41 Hilal West, Doha, Qatar Position: Civil Draftsman
Year: March 25, 2015 – January 31, 2019
Duties:
Handles checks and prepares overall project data for earthworks and concreting works for roads and pertinent structures.
Create alignments, profiles, surfaces (existing & proposed) using civil 3D.
Coordinates with supervisors, site engineers and surveyors as well as consultant’s representatives for any issues regarding drawing contents, data accuracy released and the like.
Prepare and submit inspection report (IR) checklist mainly for road works and structural foundation works for bridges.
Assist quantity department in preparing quantities (tender, preliminary, and design stage)
Assist planning department in progress reports and immediate project presentations.
Verifies installations points for road alignments, bridges foundations, column location and installation locations.
Disseminates work load to other such as preparation of setting out points for location of structures, barriers locations, materials quantities as required. Instructs in the preparation of data and how to circulate it to surveyors and engineers.
Preparation and Detailing Shop Drawings/As Built for Sanitary Sewer, Storm water, Potable water Layout Setting out Plan and Profiles.
Preparing plan & profile for Diversion Road.
AL THARA TAIBA CONTRACTING COMAPANY
Hijrah Road, Al madinah Almunawara, K.s.a
Position: Draftsman
Year: 2012 2014
Duties:
Designed as built Drawings and making both Sewer and water line Profile Using Civil 3D, AutoCAD, Auto Lisp and Excel Sheet.
Giving coordinates of the pipe alignment to other professionals using Google Earth, Global Mapper, Civil 3D and Power Point.
Prepared & plot drawing
RHW CONSTRUCTION & DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION
Country Homes, Ayala Zamboanga city
Posisition: Auto CAD Operator
Year: 2009 – 2012
Duties:
Interacted with engineers in the design and creation of a certain project.
Used CAD Software in creating 2D & 3D design layouts as specified by the engineers.
Adopted AutoCAD Application in Regenerating and reconstructing manual drawings made by other professionals.
Prepared technical plans and drawings on computers to be retrieved in times of usage.
Prepared & plot drawings as what engineer’s needed and secured blue print of usage.
Ensures that the drawings are filled and it can easily tract or locate. Sulu State College
Capitol Site, Jolo, Sulu, Philippines
Position: Office Clerk
Year: June 07, 2004 – November 17, 2006
Duties:
Prepare daily reports and other important documents.
Prepare the daily activity and important documents to be signed by the administrative officer of the school/college.
Manages all incoming and outgoing communication. This includes handling memo, invitations, email and calls.
Create and distributes meeting and minutes of the school administrative officer.
Encode and store important files or documents in computers. Vocational Training Course:
SENARD ITC CAD TRAINING CENTER
COURSE: AutoCAD 2D Design & Drafting with 3D Modeling & Rendering CISCO Systems Networking Academy
CCNA 2 Routers and Routing Basics Module 1 & 2
Computer Competence:
Microsoft Office
Internet Access
AutoCAD 2D Design with 3D Modeling & Rendering
Civil 3D
Sketchup
Adobe Photoshop
Google Earth
Global Mapper
Auto Lisp
PERSONAL DATA
Date of Birth: April 5, 1981
Status: Married
Nationality: Filipino
Religion: Islam
Height: 5’5” Weight: 150 Ibs
Educational Attainment:
College/University: Universidad De Zamboanga
Course: Bachelor of Science in Computer Science
School Year: 1999 – 2003
Secondary: Southern City College
School Year: 1995 – 1999
Primary: Sta. Barbara Central School
School Year: 1989 1995

Contact this candidate
