
JAYASHREE KUMAR
+91-983*******
Bangalore, India
adaias@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

As 9+ years experienced, versatile professional with proven and tested Test Management and Team Management skills, across various Verticals and Horizontals on multiple platforms, with expertise in working as a Salesforce Test Lead and Salesforce Test Analyst for Salesforce-CRM projects, with recognized proficiency in business analysis and quality assurance with an aim of accomplishing corporate goals successful.

SKILLS

Salesforce Testing, Cloud Testing, CRM Testing, Manual Testing, Functional Testing, Agile Methodology, Integration Testing, Mobile Testing
SQL, SOQL, Workbench
HP ALM, TFS, BugZilla
Data Migration, Application Migration
Salesforce CRM
Requirement Gathering, Analysis, Test Design, Test Execution
Business Analysis, RCA, Risk Mitigation
Agile/Scrum, Team Management
Mergers & Acquisitions

WORK EXPERIENCE

Salesforce Test Lead Apr 2014-till now
Cognizant Technology Solutions, Bangalore, India

Actively working in an Agile software development environment.
Led a team of 14 members to successfully deliver multiple end to end implementations on Salesforce lightning as a Business Analyst and QA Lead.
Led the testing of migrations and integration of Salesforce along with functional dependencies and successfully delivered the testing in time.
Worked on application migration of a content management platform from Documentum to Veeva Vault in a GxP Compliant Validation project.
Delivered UAT Summary Reports, Validation Summary Reports, Data Migration Summary Reports at the end of implementations.
Trained Pre Sales users and ensured application familiarity during and after UAT.

Software Engineer June 2010-Mar 2014
ATSI Technology Solution, Kolkata India

Worked as a Business Analyst/Software Engineer
Worked on a ERP implementation as a Team Member and then as a Lead which replaced an existing Customer Service portal based on C#/.Net.
Got involved actively in all SDLC phases with business stakeholders.

PROJECTS HANDLED

Project Name: WinZone NextGen CRM May’16-till now
Cognizant Technology Solutions (I) Pvt. Ltd, Bangalore, India

Role : Team Lead

Working on Requirement Gathering with Business and BA.
Estimating the Tee Shirt size of each User Story, based on the acceptance criteria defined.
Preparing the plan for Data Migration Testing.
Coordinating with Product Owners, BA and SFDC Dev Teams to identify early gaps and blind spots in the Requirements, and getting the requirements more streamlined from Testing POV.
Providing Requirement Breakout Sessions to the Testing Team to ensure uniform application understanding and optimized impact analysis.
Preparing the Data Migration Test Plan and Performing Data Migration Testing in multiple releases for Opportunities, Accounts, Contacts, Leads.
Preparing the RTM, Integration Test Strategy of Salesforce with applicable downstream systems.
Driving the End to End Functional Testing, involving Salesforce OOB features, Customizations, Configurations, Reports, Workflows, Approvals, Dashboards.
Performing Security based testing over Objects, Fields – Profiles, Permission Sets and Records – OWD, Roles.
Validating the Sharing Rules – Content Based and Ownership Based.
Performing Validation of the Functional flows and UI on Salesforce1 app/Mobile browsers over hand held devices – iOS and Android.
Performing the Integration Testing of Salesforce with 8 different downstream systems, validating Real Time and Batch dependent data flows, both Outbound and Inbound.
Coordinating with multiple teams consuming the data created in Salesforce to perform the Impact Analysis over any new requirement.
Working with business in defining the requirements on Sales Stage Qualification Process for Renewal and Expansion opportunities.
Monitoring the Outbound Messages queue to validate the Object Outbound from Salesforce.
Performing validation over Lead Duplication and Merger of Duplicate Leads.
Working with Process Owners in defining the requirements for Mergers & Acquisitions, Synergy Deals and their Impact Analysis.
Defining and Reviewing the Test Cases.
Authoring UAT Test Cases.
Supporting UAT users from multiple global sites with Test Execution and Clarifications.
Performing Sanity Test in Production, post every Release prior to Go Live.

Project Name: ABBV Veeva CRM WEC Aug 2015-Feb 2016
Cognizant Technology Solutions (I) Pvt. Ltd, Kolkata, India

Role: Team Lead

Project Estimation based on initial requirements.
Preparing the plan for Data Migration Testing.
Coordinating with Client, BA and Veeva to identify early gaps and blind spots in the Requirements, and getting the requirements more streamlined from Testing POV.
Working on the Requirement Risk Assessment and RTM.
Preparing the Data Migration Test Plan based on the ETL approach.
Preparing the Integration Test Strategy of Veeva Vault with downstream Training Management Systems.
Driving the End to End Functional Testing, involving Veeva Vault OOB features, Configurations, Reports, Lifecycles.
Performing Security based testing over Documents, defined on Permission Set, Public Group and Roles.
Defining the Testing approach to cover Objects (Records, Change Notice, Change Request).
Performing Data Migration Testing using the ANSI Sampling Approach over Metadata, Audit Trail, Renditions, versions, Relationships and Object Migrations.
Validating the Data Migration Specification, while coordinating with Migration Architects and Business.
Defining and Reviewing the Test Cases.
Pre Approving the Test Cases in ALM.
Driving the Dry Run and OQ for Functional, Integration and Data Migration.
Post Approving the Test Runs in ALM.
Authoring UAT Test Cases.
Supporting UAT users from multiple global sites with Test Execution and Clarifications.
Preparing the Validation Summary Report and UAT Summary Report.
Delivering Case Study documents, Training Documents for Veeva Vault Functional and Data Migration.
Performing PQ and providing Hypercare Support.

Project Name: USCM CRM Nov 2014-July 2015
Cognizant Technology Solutions (I) Pvt. Ltd, Kolkata, India

Project Name: HERCULES Apr 2014-Nov 2014
Cognizant Technology Solutions (I) Pvt. Ltd, India

Role: Team Lead

Actively involved in Requirement analysis and prepared RTM.
Prepared manual test cases for System testing.
Prepared integration test cases for System testing.
Performed Test Script execution of the SFDC Veeva application.
Prepared Test Data for System.
Involved in Defect Tracking, Logging and Analysis in Quality Centre

Project Name: Online KVWIZ ERP Application Nov 2014-July 2015
ATSI Technology Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Ltd, Kolkata, India

Researching, designing and writing new software programs.
Maintain and modify programs; make approved changes by amending flow charts, develop detailed programming logic, and coding changes
Analyze performance of programs and take action to correct deficiencies based on consultation with users and approval of supervisor.
Consulting colleagues concerning the maintenance and performance of software systems for detail clarifications and implementation trouble shoot.
Creating technical specifications and Unit Test Plans.
All the Unit Tests to be completed before submitting the module to supervisors. The module should be tested as per “Validation Metrics”.
Updating and submitting test-reports with “Closed/Escalated” status in given time-period as evaluated by the supervisor.
Document programming problems and resolutions for future reference. These documents have to be submitted to the supervisor after successful deployment of each module.
Constantly updating technical knowledge and skills with upgraded technologies by attending in-house and/or external courses, reading manuals and accessing new applications to meet changing customer/industry needs with enhanced coding skills.
Travel on-site or working at client premises to deliver an enhanced and trouble shoots client support.

EDUCATION

MCA
WBUT University, WB, India
Master’s Degree

Computer Science Hons.
North Bengal University, WB, India
Bachelor’s Degree

CERTIFICATIONS

Having external certification on Salesforce Admin
Having Microsoft Certification on .Net Framework 3.5, ASP.NET Application Development

Contact this candidate
