
Maria Aliza Gancia
Civil Engineer
Personal Info
Visa Status
HUSBAND SPONSOR
Address
Bldg. 38, St. 903, Zone 40,
1st Flr, Room 7, New Salata,
Doha Qatar
Phone
+974-***-*****
E-mail
adai4r@r.postjobfree.com
Date of Birth
1980 08 28
Citizenship
Filipino
Skills
x Advance Knowledge of
BuildSmart Accounting
Software or ERP and
Aconex
x Advance Knowledge in
Microsoft Office such as
Microsoft Word, Excel,
& PowerPoint
x Knowledge in AutoCad
Education
2002 03 Graduated in Civil
Engineering at University of
Mindanao
Registered Civil Engineer –
Professional Regulation
Commission – Philippines
Licensed No. 0096823
Objective
Civil Engineer with 9+ years of experience pursuing work as Procurement/Technical Engineer that enable me to use my strong technical skills, educational background, and ability to work well with people.
Employment History
Technical Engineer
May 2015 to July 2016, Living In Interiors, Doha Qatar x Prepares and reviews quotation for the suppliers. x Prepares technical specification sheets for enquiries and tenders specifically for office solutions. x Prepares technical submittals for material approval and space plan for furniture layout according to specific project requirements.
x Coordinates with the suppliers in order to obtain technical clarifications and other related information requested by the business development team. x Prepares Purchase Orders (PO) for the awarded project. x Assists the business development executives and manager with general admin duties from time to time.
Procurement Engineer
May 2008 to April 2015, Boom Construction Company, Doha Qatar x Reviews and Assess technical specification, BOQ and drawings to determine suitable vendors and suppliers.
x Analyses and evaluate all purchasing requisitions to ensure clarity and completeness in description of material and equipment.
x Prepares and issue requests for quotations to qualified vendors as per company’s approved vendor list to ensure that choices are available. x Reviews quotations of identified technical and commercial specifications received from the vendors and suppliers to ensure that the best quote is determined. x Prepares Local Purchase Orders (LPO) for required goods and Work Order/Sub Contracts for the required services approved by the Management to procure. x Prepares comparative analysis documents related to specifications, prices, delivery conditions and mode of transportation to ensure that best proposal is determined. x Prepares payment certificate for suppliers/sub Contractors and allocate cost on different projects to ensure proper recording of expenses. x Maintain record of rates / prices / LPO to easily search and establish comparison sheets. x Prepares and organize data sheets and company profile of suppliers to be given to Clients for material submittals.
Project Engineer
September 2007 to April 2008, R.T. Soncuya Construction Co., Manila, Philippines x Supervise the on going construction of an Edison Cham two Storey Residence with attic. x Assists the Project Manager in paper works such as monthly report; variation/change orders.
x Prepares cost estimate and monthly billing.
x Compiles and processes the Construction Permits, Occupancy Permits and Permit to Operate.
Training Attended
x December 19, 2015 – Cost Estimation and Budgeting x November 7, 2014 – Essentials of Procurement Management x November 1, 2013 Value Engineering in Construction Industry x October 26, 2013 Project Life Cycle
x March 2004 – Certificate on AutoCAD at STI College Davao, Philippines Reference: References are available on request.

Contact this candidate
