
CURRICULAM VITAE

Venkata Ramana.B Phone No.: 91-44-455*****
Flat No 2, Marvalkrishna Apartment
No-64, Radhakrishnan salai,Valasaravakkam Cell No : 944-***-**** CHENNAI -600 087
Tamil Nadu, India. E-mail addresses: adaimm@r.postjobfree.com

Objective

Engineering position in a Global Concern in the business of Engineering contracting for the Oil & Gas Industry where Technical Services for Managing Complex Projects and providing Valuable Solution to Customers is the prime requirement.

Summary

Experienced in Design and detailing of structures (both concrete and steel) and foundations of oils and gas, and other major industrial structures.
Experienced in Analysis and Design Engineering of Machine foundations, Pipe Racks.
Experienced in Design of All types Bridges and power plant structures

Area of Expertise

Analysis and design of RCC & steel structures using STAAD Pro.
Analysis and design of pipe racks, platforms, Pipe supports and industrial steel structures using STAAD Pro.
Structural Planning, Analysis, Design and Detailing of Various Industrial Buildings Structures of Power Plant Projects and river crossing Bridges, design of roads & drainage.
Analysis and Design of Industrial Buildings & Structures in RCC and Structural Steel
Analysis and design of Block machine foundations, Rotary machine foundations and Foundations of Horizontal and vertical Vessels, Design of Static and vibrating machine foundations.
Analysis and design of Jetty, rigid and flexible retaining walls.
Preparation of Design Documents.
Coordination with Interdisciplinary engineers, Clients, Contractors and various Govt. departments during project phase.
Development of MS-Excel VBA Program for Pile analysis and Pile cap design, Moment, Shear and Splice connections for pipe rack, Design of Columns, Beams, Spread Foundation (Isolated and Combined).
Conversant with International Codes and Standards such as ACI, AISC, AASHTO, BS, IS, UBC, CBC 2001, IBC2000 etc.

Professional Experience 15 years
PERIOD
EMPLOYER
Functional Area
Mar 2009 - Till Date
Petrofac Engineering Services India Ltd.
Chennai, India.
Oil & gas Industries
Sep 2007 to Mar 2009
TECNICAS REUNIDAS
Madrid, Spain.
Oil & gas Industries
Nov 2005 to Aug 2007
TECHNIP INDIA LTD.
Chennai, India.
Oil & gas Industries
Jun 2004 to Nov 2005
STUP Consultants Ltd,
Chennai, India.
Bridges and Oil & gas Industries
Dec 2002 to May 2004
Bhagheeratha Engineering Ltd, Kochi, India.
Industrial(Steel) structures and Bridges
May 2002 to Dec 2002
Mahindra acres Consulting Engineering Ltd., Chennai, India.
Industrial(Steel) structures and culvert & Bridges

Educational Profile

Education
Branch
Institution/University
Overall %
Year of Completion
M.Tech
Civil
Andhra University
75%
2002
B.Tech
Civil
J.N.T.U. College of Engineering
70%
1999
D.C.E
Civil
Govt. Polytechnic, Vijayawada
70%
1995

Software Proficiency

Operating System :Windows 9x / 2000 NT.

Packages :Microsoft Office, AutoCAD, STAADpro, Mat 3D, Foundation 3D.

Academic Achievements

Stood first in the Department of Civil Engineering during M.Tech.

Won merit scholarship for 6th to 10th classes from Govt. of A.P.

DETAILED PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE - Oil & Gas

From 23.03.2009 – Till Date : Petrofac Engineering Services India Pvt Ltd,

Designation : Principle engineer.

Current Job Profile:PROJECTS HANDLING

1.Detailed Engineering: : YIBAL KHUFF PROJECT
Client : PDO
Location : Oman
Codes : BS Coad and Standards

Job Involvement

Area Lead engineer for equipment’s foundations, planning and checking all types equipments of machine foundations, Rotary machine foundations and Foundations of Horizontal and vertical Vessels, Design of Static and vibrating machine foundations using Mat 3D,
Checking standard drawings, layout drawings like fence, grading and road.
Checking Analysis and design of pipe rack and ware house building etc,

2.Detailed Engineering: : ALRAR ISBF-ALGERIA
Client : SONATRACH ACTIVITE AMONT
Location : ALGERIA
Codes : American Standards

Job Involvement
AreaLead engineer for equipments foundations, planning and checking all types equipmentsof machine foundations, Rotary machine foundations and Foundations of Horizontal and vertical Vessels, Design of Static and vibrating machine foundations using Foundation 3D, Mat 3D,
Checking and Analysis and design of pipe rack and Pipe racks with cooler structures,

3.Detailed Engineering: : RABIGH-II
Client : soudi Arabian oil company &sumitomo chemical co., LTD
Location : soudi Arabian

Job Involvement

Lead engineer – C&S - Responsible for Planning, Coordination, execution and control the civil Engineering activities in accordance with Client / Project Optimizing the commodity (Steel and Concrete) by taking innovative engineering approach, usage of internal and external resources, Improving Efficiency and quality. Chennai office is taken GMP,EMP, crossovers, pipe supports and all misc. works done with appreciation.

4.Proposal work for JAZAN REFINERY AND MARINE TERMINAL .

Responsibility- Guiding the engineering team and checking the design of pipe rack and misc. structures for JAZAN. All the pipe racks and Tech. structures are design and preparation of brief report on comparison of saving in steel poundage and prepare the bill-2 and bill-3 documents.

5.Proposal work for TahrirPetrochemicals .

Responsibility- Guiding the engineering team and checking the design of pipe rack and misc. structures for TAHRIR. All the pipe racks and Tech. structures are design and preparation of brief report on comparison of saving in steel poundage and prepare the bill-2 and bill-3 documents
.
6.Proposal work for BP - KHAZZAN PROJECT.

Responsibility- Guiding the engineering team and checking the design of pipe rack and misc. structures for KHAZZAN. All the pipe racks and Tech. structures are design and preparation of brief report on comparison of saving in steel poundage and prepare the bill-2 and bill-3 documents.

7. Detailed Engineering : EPIC of Gas Sweetening Facilities at Mesaieed&Dukhan
Client : Qatar Petroleum (QP) Doha, Qatar
Location : Mesaieed (SRU) and Dukhan (AGR)
Codes : American Standards

Job Involvement
Analysis and design Checking foundation and steel structures of Pipe racks, Technological structures, GMP,EMP and pipe supports
Checking Equipment Foundation design using Foundation 3D & Mat 3D
Checking Analysis and design of pipe supports.
Qp site visited 2months as a site supervised at the time of finishing stage many punches closed.

8. Detailed Engineering : CENTRAL PROCESSING FACILITY EL MERK, ALGERIA
Client : ANADARKA Algeria Company LLC.
Codes : American Standards

Job Involvement
Analysis and design foundation and steel structures of Pipe racks, Technological structures, GMP,EMP and pipe supports
Equipment Foundation design using Foundation 3D & Mat 3D
Checking Analysis and design of pipe supports.

Previous Experience :Job profile :

COMPANY : TECNICAS REUNIDAS, MADRID, SPAIN
Designation : Senior Civil / Structural Design Engineer.

PROJECTS HANDLING

1. Detailed Engineering: TECNICAS REUNIDAS OFFSITES ABU DHABI
Engineers and Contractors(BOROUGE-2) project

Client : Abu Dhabi Polymers Company Limited (Borouge)
Consultant : Foster Wheeler Energy LTD.
Codes : American Standards

Job Involvement

Analysis and design of sea water (vertical) pump & sump chambers (size 75 m length, 30m wide and 13m depth). considered crack width calculation also.
Dynamic Analysis and Detailed Design of Foundations for Sea Water Cooling Area CCCW Horizontal pumps
Design of pipe supporting steel platforms and Vertical &Horizontal pump support steel platforms.
Analysis and design of the structural steel platform design for Exchangers from Seawater Cooling Area.
Analysis and design of Equipment Foundations for utility and storage area.
Analysis and design of Foundations of Seawater Filters, Vertical Filter, Horizontal Vessel, Lube Oil Console, pipe culvert and pipe sleeper for Sea Water Cooling Area.

COMPANY : TECHNIP INDIA LTD, CHENNAI, INDIA
Designation : Senior Civil / Structural Design Engineer.

PROJECTS HANDLING

1.Detailed Engineering : Acetic Acid Reactor Replacement project - Phase-II

Client : GNFC
Codes : Indian Standards

Job Involvement

Support Structure & Base System Catalyst Holding tank Checking and approval of piping drawings prepared by designer, Additional Reactor Vent Condenser Foundation design for pipe racks and shelters.
Support Structure & Base System Reactor, pump, Seal Flush Cooler
UG systems & Drainage

2.Detailed Engineering: : Acetic Acid Reactor Replacement project - Phase-II
Client: : GNFC

Job Involvement
Support Structure & Base System Catalyst Holding tank Checking and approval of piping drawings prepared by designer, Additional Reactor Vent Condenser Foundation design for pipe racks and shelters.
Support Structure & Base System Reactor, pump, Seal Flush Cooler
UG systems & Drainage

3Detailed Engineering: : VCM STORAGE SYSTEM
Client: : Chemplast Sanmar limited

Job Involvement
VCM STORAGE SYSTEM FOR 160,000 MTPA SPVC PLANT AT CUDDALORE
Analysis and design of Stair case Structure in steel.
Analysis and design of Pipe Supports.

4Detailed Engineering: :YEMEN LNG COMPANY
Client: ;YLNG

Job Involvement
Analysis and design of Pipe racks
Checking and approval of piping drawings prepared by designer.
Review of analysis and design of shelters.
Foundation design for pipe racks and shelters.

5. Detailed Engineering: :Ethylene Project ( Addl cross country pipe lines )
Client: :Chemplast Sanmar limited

Job Involvement
Developed Software in Excel for : Pile analysis and Pile cap design, Design of two-way & one-way slab, Columns, Beams, Spread Foundation ( Isolated and Combined), Machine Foundation
Pipe Rack design, Land corridor pipe supports design, compressor pipe rack design
Merion corridor design, all types of foundations like isolated footing and piles.
R.C.C. and Steel design of Pipe Rack total Chemplast Project

6. Detailed Engineering: :Produced water Re-injection project. (Ongoing project)
Client: :Cairn Energy India Ltd.

Job Involvement
Details of Bored cast – in situ Piles.
Analysis and design of Foundation for Produced water De gasser
Analysis and design of Foundation for Produced water Surge Tank.
Analysis and design of Structural steel work in chemical injection skid Shed
Analysis and design of Foundation work in chemical injection skid Shed
Analysis and design for Pipe sleepers

7. Detailed Engineering : Khurasaniyah Gas Plant Project
Client : SAUDI ARAMCO

Deputed to Technip Italy -Rome.

Job Involvement
Analysis and design of Pipe racks
Analysis and design of Process Structures
Analysis and design of Operating Platforms
Analysis and design of Foundations
Checking and approval of piping drawings prepared by designer.
Review of analysis and design of shelters.
Foundation design for pipe racks and shelters

COMPANY :Technip India LTD., CHENNAI
(Deputed from STUP Consultants Ltd.),

8.Detailed Engineering : Ethylene Storage Facility Project
Client : Chemplast Sanmar limited

Job Involvement
Preparing Cost and Quantity Estimate for Pre-Bid Engineering Services
Co-ordination with off-loading agencies i.e., Monitoring and Checking of Design
Calculations and Drawings done by them
Reviewing Mechanical and Vendor drawings for Structural - Adequacy and for Civil Input Data
Developed Software in Excel for : Pile analysis and Pile cap design, Design of two-way & one-way slab, Columns, Beams, Spread Foundation ( Isolated and Combined), Machine Foundation
Pipe Rack design, Land corridor pipe supports design, compressor pipe rack design
Merion corridor design, all types of foundations like isolated footing and piles.
R.C.C. and Steel design of Pipe Rack total Chemplast Project (Ethylene) at Karaical
Service yard structures for Patni Computers Project at Siruseri, like D.G. Plant etc.,

At STUP Consultants Ltd., Chennai

Design of a two & three lane high way bridges complete design of RCC Bridge, prestressed Concrete Box & I Girder Bridges, Sub ways and flyovers at chennai, india.

. PROJECTS HANDLED

Period
:
December, 2002 – May, 2004

Employer
:
Bhagheeratha Engineering Limited

Position held
:
Senior Engineer (Technical)

Types of Activities
:
Design Engineer of all types of Steel structures

Period
:
May, 2002 – December, 2002

Employer
:
Worked for the following projects

Position held
:
Planning & Design Engineer

Types of Activities

:

Planning and design Engineer in Mahindra acres Consulting Engineering Limited. for (Water Distribution Sistem) 500 crores water distribution system project at Tirupur and Road and drainages Developed Mahindra city in chennai.

Design of Steel Shuttering for prestressed Concrete Box Girder Bridge with spans up to 46 m for the National Highway Project (Chennai to Bangalore) for K.N.D Engineering Technologies Ltd at Bombay Head Office.

Worked as Sr. Engineer in the Design of bridges and culverts for a National Highway project at Vishakapatanam.

Since Nov 97 to Oct 2000 (During B.Tech), worked with Global Constructions as Design Engineer. Experience in design of Multi-storeyed framed structures
.

Since Jun 96 to Sep 97 (During B.Tech), worked with Agni Heavy Engineering Industries Ltd as Project Engineer. Exposure to Pipe laying (Oil & Gas Pipe Line )at N.F.C.L Kakinada.

Date of birth 01-07-1974

Nationality Indian

Martial Status Married

Languages known English, Hindi and Telugu.

Permanent address Venkata Ramana.B
Flat No 2, Marvalkrishna Apartment No-64, Radhakrishnan salai,
Valsaravakkam CHENNAI -600 087

Passport No A9533897

E-mail ID : adaimm@r.postjobfree.com

Another E-mail ID : adaimm@r.postjobfree.com

(VENKATA RAMANA B)

Contact this candidate
