Job Title = Ux Or Engineer Or Architect Or Vista jobs in Raleigh, NC, 27606

Attain  – 
Durham, NC, 27709
... What You Will Do: Attain is seeking a creative and agile UX engineer to work on life changing experiences for immigrants. We are looking for UX engineers who design UX concepts in iterations and find time to ask big questions that could change the ...
- Dice.com, Oct 09

IQVIA  – 
Durham, NC, 27703
... PURPOSE The UX Simulation Business Analyst II position will work with a project team to visualize, analyze, document, and ... modeling to clarify business requirements, and to enhance or re-engineer business processes, prior to, or in parallel with, ...
- Jobs2Careers, Oct 06

MANN+HUMMEL  – 
Raleigh, NC, 27607
... We are looking for a UX/UI Designer for our digital products (see senzit.io for more information). This is a unique ... as well as the development team (data scientist, data architect & developers) Balance multiple projects at different ...
- ZipRecruiter, Oct 05

Attain LLC  – 
Durham, NC
... What You Will Do: Attain is seeking a creative and agile UX engineer to work on life changing experiences for immigrants. We are looking for UX engineers who design UX concepts in iterations and find time to ask big questions that could change the ...
- Neuvoo, Oct 09

Aerotek  – 
Morrisville, NC, 27560
... As a UX/UI software engineer, you will be responsible for partnering with our customers and stakeholders to drive superior UI design and enable customer workflows. You will partner with multiple Cisco product teams to define user stories, develop ...
- Jobs2Careers, Oct 03

Attain  – 
Durham, NC, 27709
... What You Will Do: Attain is seeking a creative and agile UX engineer to work on life changing experiences for immigrants. We are looking for UX engineers who design UX concepts in iterations and find time to ask big questions that could change the ...
- Dice, Oct 09

IQVIA Holdings Inc  – 
Durham, NC, 27701
... PURPOSE The UX Simulation Business Analyst II position will work with a project team to visualize, analyze, document, and ... modeling to clarify business requirements, and to enhance or re-engineer business processes, prior to, or in parallel with, ...
- StartwireL2, Sep 28

BMC Stock Holdings, Inc.  – 
Raleigh, NC, 27601
... Major Responsibilities: Hands on Architect level enterprise network strategy, planning, and implementation Develops strategies and direction for network systems solutions using current and emerging technologies (including wireless and VoIP). Mentor ...
- Ivy Exec, Oct 06

Itron  – 
Raleigh, NC
... Minimum of 5 years of experience as a systems security engineer or security architect Well versed in all aspects of Linux and network scripting. Window and Python a plus. Experience using container technologies such as LXC and Docker. Familiar with ...
- Neuvoo, Oct 01

Net2Source  – 
Durham, NC
Job role: Security Architect Location: RTP, NC Interview: Phone/skype Vulnerability Management Engineer is a hands-on role supporting the Vulnerability Management Operations Program. The VMA is expected to perform security audit functions to ...
- Neuvoo, Oct 05
