
Senior Network Engineer
Rochester, MI OneStream Software LLC

Benefits Offered Vision, Medical, Life, Dental, 401K
Employment Type Full-Time

ABOUT THE JOB
The Senior Network Engineer will be responsible for designing, deploying, and securing the network of our organization. The ideal candidate will ensure solutions and designs providing optimum infrastructure uptime and security. This role requires strong technical skills and hands-on experience ensuring network infrastructure is operating within the design specifications.

Primary Duties and Responsibilities:
Perform operational analysis of new technologies and recommend necessary changes for architecture and infrastructure design
Design, plan and implement projects, as needed, to support the day-to-day production requirements
Build foundation and define capabilities and processes to address network needs in tactical and strategic terms
Evaluate existing internal environments and make recommendations for improving environment
Develop, initiate, maintain, and revise policies and procedures for networking solutions, including routers, switches, firewalls, and other networking equipment
Proactively monitor systems and perform preventative maintenance and updates to prevent performance impacts to systems and business functions
Provide operational and technical support to ensure ongoing stability and optimization of the server environment
Motivate and grow out the networking team to its next level of maturity, agility and scalability
DESIRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE
Formal Education and Certification
BS/BA in Computer Science, Network Security, Engineering, or Technology related field

Knowledge and Experience
7-10 years of experience of hands-on network engineering/design and operation of large, high-availability, global enterprise environments
Experience with overall network infrastructure including LAN, WAN, VLANs, routing, switching, load-balancing, monitoring
Strong understanding of network security including firewalls, proxies, VPN
Experience configuring and deploying Cisco firewalls, routers, and switches (Cisco Meraki preferred)
Configuration of Port Security
Layer 2/3 switching
Network and application security device configuration and management (Cisco, Barracuda, Palo Alto, SonicWall)
Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) preferred
Any certifications such as, Cisco Certified Network Professional (CCNP) and Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) Foundation are a plus
Personal Attributes
Results-driven.
Detail-oriented.
Strong presentation skills.
Able to multi-task.
Flexible and adaptable.
Team player.
Legally authorized to work for any company in the United States without sponsorship.
WHO WE ARE
OneStream Software is a privately held software company created by the same team that invented the leading financial solutions of the last decade. We provide a unified Corporate Performance Management (CPM) platform which enables the enterprise to simplify financial consolidation, reporting, budgeting and forecasting for complex organizations. Our powerful extensibility enables the enterprise to deliver additional analytic solutions without adding any technical complexity. By delivering multiple solutions in one application, we offer increased capabilities for financial reporting and analysis while reducing the risk, complexity and total cost of ownership for our customers. We are driven by our mission statement that every customer must be a reference and success.

We are equally fanatical about our OneStream family members (formally known as employees). We are a team in every sense of the word. Everyone here is approachable and excited to pitch in and help. We work hard and play hard. The right candidate is someone who is easy to get along with, always willing to lend a hand, excited about coming to work, and happy to contribute to the team. We have a casual dress environment and modern office with onsite gym!

WHY JOIN THE ONESTREAM TEAM
Transparency around corporate structure, salary, and benefits
Core value of customer success
Variety of project work (not industry specific)
Strong culture andcamaraderie
Multiple training opportunities

Benefits at OneStream Software OneStream employees are passionate, hardworking individuals who go above and beyond to keep our customers happy and follow through on our mission statement. They consistently deliver the best and in turn, we make every effort to keep them cared for and happy. A sample of the benefits we provide are:
Excellent Medical Plan
Dental & Vision Insurance
Life Insurance
Short & Long Term Disability
Vacation Time
Paid Holidays
Professional Development
Retirement Plan
OneStream Software is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

Job Posted by ApplicantPro


Go to apply 

