
We are looking for a versatile & out of box innovator who will be at the forefront of cutting edge AI technology that is disrupting a combined $800 billion (and growing) industry for software build and operate services, selling into both the B2C and B2B markets. The Technical Project Lead (Or what we call in house or Customer Technical Expert (CTE)) will champion all technical aspects of clients projects from Ideation and Technical Architecture to Execution and Delivery. Our selection process will emphasize hands-on software engineering and architecture skills as well as execution and organizational skills equally. The ideal candidate must be a master of the engineering domain, be senior level hands-on expert in at least one of the following technologies (Ruby, Angular, iOS Swift or Android Java) and be able to contribute as an individual contributor (software engineer and architect) at least a third of the time. These experts play the role of the lead product technologist to the customer.

Why We Need This Role
Customer Technical Expert (CTE) will help us implement customer projects that are robust in development and technically sound. CTE will partner with Customer Product Expert (CPE) to work with the creators from the supply network to ensure that the code development and architecture is robust - that will allow CPE to deliver customer projects with minimised bugs and architecture that allows easy scalability.

Why You Should Join
This role will give you an experience of working on a plethora of bespoke software development projects delivered from an aggregated creator network. This role will give you an experience of delivering technical expertise at scale while maintaining a high level of hands-on software development craft as well as an opportunity to help build a programmatic model of working with a large aggregated network. Combination of both will be a unique experience and a specialized skill set in the new world of business and technical models.

First Six Month Deliverables
On time delivery of the project (as per build card)
Code reusability
Code quality - number of bugs in 90 days post shipment
Customer tech team satisfaction feedback (where applicable)
CP Network Rating
Requirements
Passionate about loosely held values and ideas. We want someone who has experience but is not blinded by the path already taken.
4 plus years solid experience as a technical lead
5 plus years solid experience with wide range of web and mobile technologies.
Mastery of at least one of the following languages in a cloud based ecosystem:
Ruby
Angular
iOS Swift
Android Java
A proven track record of senior level software engineering and architecture accomplishments in a high-capacity, large-scale, internet-based product platform
Comfortable leading a team of capacity partner network based (i.e. outsourced and offshored) engineers capable of working on projects and at scale unlike any other they've encountered
Solid procedural and object oriented Software Engineering fundamentals. Strong understanding of and experience with code review tools and practices
Strong understanding of and experience with testing practices
Strong automation and CI / CD experience. Pivotal Tracker or Jira, Docker, CI/CD, GitHub tools experience, some would say you are a master.
Benefits
Health and Wellness benefits including competitive medical, dental, and vision plans
Performance-based bonuses and stock options
Generous vacation and time off benefits including paid holidays
Generally flexible working hours
Working in a beautiful office space the heart of Silicon Beach in Playa Vista
A collaborative culture where unconventional thinkers come together to solve interesting problems and having fun while doing it
Mission-driven company that is making the world a better place


Go to apply 

