Job Title = Service Desk Engineer

Our client is an industry leading global company specializing in serialization software and machine vision technology with offices in Moorestown, NJ and in Italy. Our client is looking to hire a full-time Service Desk Engineer at its Moorestown office.

The company supports the needs of pharmaceutical companies’ new requirement for track & trace technology throughout the supply chain. As such, the technical support staff manage issues that customers have before, during, and after installation in the ever-changing environment of a pharmaceutical manufacturing facility.

The Service Desk Engineer manages the flow of information from the customer to the technical support staff and is the first step in resolving customer issues.

This position is designed for an individual to gain experience with the company’s systems and move into a more technical role when all the proper skills are developed. The individual works closely with the Remote Service Department as well as the Field Service Engineers. The ideal candidate has a good mix of technical experience and strong communication skills.

IMPORTANT: Initially the work is Monday to Friday but the person hired needs to be flexible because the company is looking at different combinations such as working two 16-hour days and one 8-hour day with a 4-day weekend and other schedule combinations.

RESPONSIBILITIES for Service Desk Engineer:
Manage incidents on ServiceNow, a customer portal for problem resolution.
Assign the incidents to the correct personnel.
Work side by side with the Remote Service Department and Field Service Teams to solve problems as they arise.
Obtain the relevant information required for troubleshooting an issue.
Solve issues that do not warrant the intervention of the Engineering Team.
Receive incoming calls for the Remote Service Department and manage the customer needs.
Communicate issues to the Italian based Research and Development Team.
Occasional travel may be required within the U.S.

REQUIREMENTS for Service Desk Engineer:
Must have a Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering or related degree.
Proficiency in Microsoft Windows and basic networking skills.
Some experience with PLCs and machine logic preferred.
Understanding of SQL database management software.
Strong verbal and written communications skills.
Fluency in English and strong knowledge of technical language.
Experience working with electrical and mechanical systems.
Ability to think and respond on the fly to a wide range of issues.
Experience with managing multiple tasks at once and ability to switch between tasks quickly.

Excellent compensation and benefits package. To apply, submit resume


Go to apply 

