
The Supply Chain/Purchasing organization is responsible for the ethical purchase/procurement of quality compliant, cost-effective, goods and services, delivered on-time, and in compliance with all applicable Policies and Procedures. The position and the associated responsibilities detailed above is considered to be integral to the success of that organization.
Position Description
Under broad supervision, this position is responsible for analyzing mid-to-long term spend projections and forecasts such that a Strategic Supply Chain Roadmap is created, maintained, and deployed. As a result, the position has a strong contribution into the yearly cost saving Supply Chain action plan.
This individual would thus be required to have in-depth involvement and interface with the various Business Development teams and Business Lines such that accurate data associated with forecasted projects could be gathered, evaluated and ultimately applied to the strategic planning and development of an optimized supply chain.
This individual is responsible for the development and ultimate direction of all Sourcing Committee presentations associated with significant projects as is required and delineated in the Supply Chain Key Principles document and other Supply Chain related policy and procedures.
This position is also responsible for the identification and documentation of all sole/single source, or otherwise high risk suppliers, and the maintenance and documentation of applicable mitigation plans.
As a result of and in conjunction with the responsibilities noted above, this role is also responsible for providing support to the preparation of the annual Installed Base Spend Budget (~$90M/yr) as well as the associated monthly reporting responsibilities.
Other key duties include understanding and communicating customer requirements throughout the organization, analyzing and improving supply chain systems, optimizing SAP and associated data to capture cost savings, developing business cases and implementation of improvements related to suppliers, freight, logistics, trade compliance, procurements and material/inventory management.
In addition to the duties and responsibilities noted above, this individual is responsible for the administration and application of the RMAB (Resource Management Advisory Board) process.
Education and Experience
Bachelor's Degree in Business, Finance or related discipline strongly preferred; comparable experience in lieu of degree may be considered. In addition, 5+ years of closely related work experience required.
Must possess skills in SAP, Microsoft Office or related products, including Spreadsheet and Project applications.
Must possess good verbal and written communication skills.
Skills and Knowledge
Knowledge of the supply chain management field, practices and methods.
Preferred 5-8 yrs experience with material & service providers or other supplier related interfaces.
Experience dealing with international contract management and negotiations.
Preferred 1-3 years experience with SAP MM
1-3 years experience with procurement plan development
Experience relative to technical (mechanical) and project based Supply Chain activity is desirable.
Framatome is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status.
RSRFRAM


Apply now

