
IB-Services (Stearns Roger Group) is a multi-disciplinary engineering group that provides maintenance, upgrade and design support for existing and new equipment at nuclear power facilities throughout the world. Our group specializes in the design and maintenance of fuel handling equipment for both BWR and PWR markets.
The IB-Services engineering group providing custom products for use by our own operations organization and for our utility customers to preserve the financial, safety, and environmental benefits of nuclear power, thus promoting the Framatome vision of providing access to cleaner, safer, and more economical energy to as many people as possible. This is accomplished through the talents of a mechanical, electrical, and software engineering team.
Position Description
Assists all levels of engineers with their tasks and assignments. Performs a variety of complicated tasks. Be competent to perform tasks that may impact on health and safety in the workplace. Relies on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals. May lead the work of others. Works under minimal supervision. A wide degree of creativity and latitude is expected.
Successful candidate will work on mechanical hardware design. Candidate must have a desire to work within a product development group developing advanced, custom software and hardware solutions for use in the nuclear service industry. The successful candidate will integrate into a multi-discipline team of engineers including mechanical, electrical, and software engineers. Activities range from development of new processes to maintenance of existing systems.
The successful candidate possesses exceptional technical writing skills and mastery of the English language.
The successful candidate will be self-motivated with the ability to work independently. The candidate will demonstrate adaptability to different development tools as introduced.
The successful candidate thrives in an environment that is fast paced and very much “hands on”.
Job Responsibilities
Compiles and computes a variety of engineering data, analyzes test and design data.
Develops and prepares schematics, designs, specifications, parts lists and reviews designs and specifications for adequacy.
Selects computer programs best suited to process data required in making a variety of engineering analyses and assists in the development of new programs to meet changing requirements.
Assists in the training of others and reviews work assigned to them.
Performs other complicated technical tasks in the performance of their duties following general instructions and exercising initiative and selecting methods to be used to obtain desired results.
Performs analysis to check applicability, accuracy and reasonableness of data.
Extracts and compiles engineering data, processes computer data using specified formulas and procedures.
Perform CAD (computer aided design) design.
Writes project status reports and/or publishes test results.
Assists project engineers or take the lead in smaller projects on design, procurement, fabrication, installation, and startup
Assists plant and maintenance engineers or take the lead in special areas involving equipment repair troubleshooting, instrumentation and preventive maintenance procedures, spare parts, and dealing with vendors.
Proposes process and manufacturing improvements and may take the lead in implementing them.
To play an active role in creating a safe and healthy workplace and comply with all applicable safety and health rules.
Performs other related duties and tasks, as required.
Domestic travel is, at times, required. Foreign travel may, at times, be required.
Education and Experience
Engineering Aide II: High School diploma with 2-5 years experience in the field or in a related area or 2 year technical degree plus 3-4 years of related work experience in the field or related area.
Engineering Aide III: High School diploma with at least 5 plus years experience in the field or in a related area or a 2 year technical degree plus 4 years of related work experience in the field or in a related area.
Engineering Aide IV: High School diploma with at least 8 plus years experience in the field or in a related area or a 2 year technical degree plus 6 years of related work experience in the field or in a related area.
Ability to communicate clearly and precisely in oral and written forms.
Preferred Skills
Functional/Technical Skills, Priority Setting, Problem Solving, Timely Decision Making, Customer Focus, Self-Development, Motivating Others, Safety.
Proficient with other software applications (including OUTLOOK, POWERPOINT, SharePoint, and ACROBAT as a minimum) to prepare correspondence, consolidate/edit presentations, develop graphics, and desktop publishing.
Experience with or ability to learn, engineering document preparation and processing, department performance metrics, etc
Troubleshooting / field experience.
Familiarity with inter-disciplinary control system (analog and digital) design combining mechanical, pneumatic, hydraulic, electronics, electrical, software, etc.
Framatome is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status.
RSRFRAM


Apply now

