Job Title = Mac Apple Engineer - Senior

Mobility AirWatch / Mac Apple Engineer - Senior
Herndon, VA

Job Description:.

EOD Clearance
US Citizenship

This position is responsible for performing the following duties and tasks in addition to the specific core area of expertise and discipline.
General Responsibilities:
Demonstrate the ability to be an effective team player in a highly dynamic and hi tempo Engineering team
Demonstrate the ability to perform duties with minimal supervision and managerial oversight
Demonstrate effective written documentation and verbal communication skills
o Create documentation and configuration of all Mobility systems
o Create documentation of work instructions for team members
Demonstrate proficiency with Mobile Device Management (MDM) technologies
o Design Deployment and administration of AirWatch environments
o Office 365 Exchange, Skype, OneDrive, and Exchange 2010 administration
Provide answers to technical queries to assist Tier 1 and 2 Service Desks in support of a large Airwatch mobility and Office 365 deployment,
Provide Troubleshooting assistance for all Airwatch reported issues
Provide On-Call support as required per policy and guideline of the Messaging Ops Team
Willingness to learn and expand individual technical skill set in support of the overall Team, HP or client mission and objectives.

Qualifications:

4+ years of expert knowledge of mobile operating systems, mobile device management systems, mobile communications technologies.
Experience in Mobile Software Development for Apple and Android devices using IOS SDK, Android Studio, Eclipse, and PhoneGap Cordova is preferred.
5+ years of experience with AirWatch, and similar products, as well as iOS and/or Android clients
5+ years in a senior mobility engineering position related to IT within a large mobile enterprise environment.
4+ years of experience with mobility deployments.
Extensive knowledge of Mobile device operating systems such as iOS, Android, and Windows Mobile.
Experience and strong knowledge of Office 365/MS Exchange 2010 / 2013, MS Office 2013/2016/Office Pro Plus, Windows XP/7
Will perform after hours support, on-call duties, and go-lives
Experience with Mobile Device Management Solutions.
Good written and verbal communication skills required as well as strong interpersonal and troubleshooting skills.
Strong ability to work independently, be able to track down and research complex systems related issue related to the Mobility and overall messaging practice.
Strong team player, be able to function as a part of a larger team.
Bachelor s degree in a related area and technical certifications are strongly preferred.

Suresh G
Talent Acquisition Specialist
Northwest Software, Inc.

Permanent


Apply now

