
CLASS DESCRIPTION:
This is a part-time, fall student position that is under the general supervision of the Engineering staff. The student is responsible for performing a variety of unskilled to routine department related tasks, survey assistance, construction assistance, surveying, and/or construction engineering technology. Internship and co-op positions are available, should the student be interested. The position will run the duration of the student's fall, 2019 semester. Flexible schedule.
QUALIFICATIONS: An example of acceptable qualifications:
The Student must be currently enrolled in an undergraduate level program relevant to civil engineering which provides the required knowledge, skills, and abilities in civil engineering.
LICENSURE OR CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS:
Must possess a valid Ohio Driver’s licenses; must maintain insurability under the Engineer’s insurance policy.
EQUIPMENT OPERATED: The following are examples only and are not intended to be all inclusive:
Modern office equipment (e.g., computer, typewriter, copier, calculator, telephone, fax machine, etc.); computer software (e.g. Microsoft Office suite, etc.); familiarity with measuring/surveying equipment (e.g. laser thermometer, wheels, tape measure, etc.).
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS OF THE POSITION: For purposes of 42 USC 12101:
50% (1) Performs road project inspections; tracks materials, and quantities, maintains daily reports.
30% (2) Collects existing condition data on pavement, drainage, driveways, and encroachments; prepares condition reports; performs drainage analysis calculations; prepares project specifications for paving and drainage projects.
15% (3) Performs simple to routine survey work in the office and as a field crew member and assists survey employees in monument recovery, surveying of right of way, topological surveys, and record research.
OTHER DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
5% (4)Collects surveys and deeds of record for research; makes copies and reproductions using modern computerized equipment; utilizes and is familiar with the County GIS system.
(5) Maintains required licensures, certification, and continuing education requirements, if any.
(6) Meets all job safety requirements and all applicable safety standards that pertain to essential functions.
(7) Demonstrates regular and predictable attendance.
(8) Performs other related duties as assigned.
NOTE: May be required to work additional hours beyond the normal workday.
MINIMUM ACCEPTABLE CHARACTERISTICS: (*indicates developed after employment)
Knowledge of: Engineer’s goals and objectives; Engineer’s policies and procedures; department goals and objectives; department policies and procedures; English grammar and spelling; office practices and procedures; drafting techniques; road construction, maintenance, and repair; proper lifting techniques.
Skill in:typing; word processing; computer operation; telephone console operation; use of modern office equipment; drafting tools and devises; use or operation of heavy equipment; motor vehicle operation; use of bench and/or hand tools; surveying instruments.
Ability to: Interpret a variety of instructions in oral, written or picture form; understand manuals and oral instructions, technical in nature; use proper research methods in gathering data; answer routine inquiries from general public; communicate effectively orally and in writing; cooperate with co-workers on group projects; demonstrate ability to lift heavy surveying equipment; demonstrate manual dexterity; travel to and gain access to work site; communicate effectively.
Job Type: Internship
Salary: $11.00 /hour


Go to apply 

