
Framatome is a major international player in the nuclear energy market recognized for its innovative solutions and value-added technologies for designing, building, maintaining, and advancing the global nuclear fleet. The company designs, manufactures, and installs components and fuel for nuclear power plants and offers a full range of reactor services.
With 14,000 employees worldwide, every day Framatome’s expertise helps its customers improve the safety and performance of their nuclear plants and achieve their economic and societal goals.
Join the energy conversation with Framatome Inc. on Twitter: @FramatomeUS and Facebook: @FramatomeUS.
Framatome is owned by the EDF Group (75.5%), Mitsubishi Heavy Industries (MHI – 19.5%) and Assystem (5%).
The Reactors & Services Business Group:
The Reactors and Services Business Group combines the nuclear reactor design and construction activities and the products and services activities necessary for the maintenance, operation, modernization, and improvement of power plants. It also includes vessel propulsion nuclear reactor and research reactor activities. Framatome is currently constructing four EPR™ reactors, of generation III+.
Welding and Component Repair Design:
The Welding and Component Repair Design is part of the Component Replacement and Repair (CR&R) Department within the Nuclear Services Business Unit. The unit consists of the Component Repair Design, Welding Engineering, Project Engineering and Project Management groups. The unit is responsible for component repair designs, installation procedures, and welding engineering support for all CR&R projects (Reactor vessel (RV) Control Rod Drive Mechanism nozzle repairs, Bottom Mounted Nozzle modifications, pressurizer nozzle repairs, structural weld overlays, control element drive mechanism canopy seal welding and replacement of steam generator, RV head, and pressurizers) and on occasion to outside company organizations, welding process development, repair contract project engineering, Steam Generating Team project welding engineering technical, administrative and field operations support.
Job Description:
Framatome is seeking a Welding Engineer for the Welding & Component Repair Design organization.
Responsibilities and duties include:
Perform welding engineering support including design specification, technical requirements, follow fabrication, assembly, and qualification testing of specialized components for maintenance and repair activities at commercial nuclear power plants. You will work in teams to develop custom, first-of-a-kind (FOAK) repair and plant modification solutions and to coordinate between component suppliers and analytical engineers to allow Framatome to deliver a turnkey solution.
Activities include:
ASME and AWS Code interpretation
Utilizing customized welding systems to perform field repairs and component replacement installations
Component fabrication
ASME Code procedure and personnel performance qualifications
Developing and qualifying remote welding process
Design welding repairs (dissimilar metal welds, narrow groove welding, higher alloy based materials used in nuclear plants, low alloy steels, austenitic stainless steel, low alloy steel)
Code material procurement
Gas Tungsten Arc Welding (GTAW), Shielded Metal Arc Welding (SMAW), Gas Metal Arc Welding (GMAW)
Adapting off-the-shelf and customized components for welding systems (off-the-shelf, modified off-the-shelf and first-of-a-kind designs)
Supporting resolution of welding questions from other AREVA organizations
Welding support for next generation reactor designs
All candidates must meet the following minimum requirements in order to be considered for this opportunity. Candidates who exceed minimum qualifications may be considered for a higher level position.
BS Degree in Welding Engineering, Welding Engineering Technology, Metallurgy, Materials Science or related degree program
1-3 (Eng II), 3-5 (Eng III), 5-7 (Eng IV) years engineering experience
Flexible and willing to work on one project or juggle multiple projects and prioritize work
Fundamental computer skills (Word, Excel)
Excellent written and verbal communication skills including technical writing
A pro-active approach to problem identification and resolution
Ability and attitude to learn a variety of new procedures, processes, and tools, while maintaining various stages of production
Ability to work well in a high paced atmosphere
Ability to travel to plant sites in the spring and fall to support site outage work (1-3 weeks at a time) and occasional trips for walkdowns, training and/or meetings with customers
Available to start work by June 201
The following requirements are desired and will be used to differentiate all candidates who apply for this position:
MS Degree in Welding Engineering
Previous Co-op, Intern or work experience, preferably in the nuclear industry
Competent in computer graphics, scheduling, etc. would be very beneficial
A working knowledge in welding metallurgy in the area of nuclear pressure vessel materials
Experience with interpretation and application of the ASME Boiler and Pressure Vessel Code
Experience with interpretation and application of the AWS Structural Welding Code
Experience with field machine welding equipment and processes
Travel:
Travel (10%) domestic and international. Candidate may support up to two or three field deployments annually to travel to plant sites in the spring and fall to support site outage work (1-3 weeks at a time) and occasional trips for walk-downs, training and/or meetings with customers. Most travel will be planned in advance, and could include some international travel.

Framatome is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status.

RSRFRAM


Apply now

