
About the position

Greenhouse is looking for an IT Support Engineer to join our team.
As our company continues to grow, there is an increased need for IT support and processes. Reporting to our Director of IT, you will have the opportunity to work autonomously, run technical procurement, implement creative tools and work on projects that will drive scalable changes.
Learn more about our engineering culture here.
Who will love this job:
A juggler, you can handle priorities and triage a backlog of different projects
An advocate, you will stop at nothing to make sure people have the tools necessary to do their jobs
A teacher, you have a knack for explaining technical processes in layman terms and work well with a variety of internal teams
An innovator, you aren’t afraid to optimize and iterate on existing process
A techie, you love solving novel technical challenges that come your way
What you'll do:
Provide day-to-day desktop support for employees in our Denver office and offer remote support to satellite offices where necessary
Find creative technical tools and solutions to improve collaboration
Work with the IT team to during onboarding & offboarding events.
Provide Audio/Video support for company All Staff Zoom conference meetings
You should have:
Experience in IT support at a company with at least 100 employees
Extensive experience supporting Zoom meetings and G Suite
A deep understanding of basic A/V connetworking concepts and operating systems (we’re primarily a Mac shop)
Experience running desktop support
Excellent written & verbal communication skills
A working knowledge of Jamf
Your own unique talents – if you don’t meet 100% of the qualifications outlined above, tell us why you’d be a great fit for this role in your cover letter.
Pay, Perks & Such:
At Greenhouse, we celebrate our diverse group of skilled employees – and it shows. We are proud to say that we have been ranked #1 Best Place to Work in 2017 by Glassdoor, and #15 by Crain’s New York Best Places to Work 2017. We pride ourselves on our collaborative culture, which starts with our interviews and continues through our executive “Ask Me Anything” sessions, regular company get-togethers, and quarterly “fun days” (think trapeze school, glassblowing, or ice cream making), just to name a few.
We offer a full slate of benefits, including competitive salaries, stock options, medical, dental, vision, life and disability coverages, FSA, HSA, flexible vacation, commuter benefits, a 401K plan, and a parental leave program. And... we offer some not-so-standard, extra-fun benefits, including learning & development stipends, adoption and fertility benefits, an employee discount platform, and of course, fully stocked fridges and cold brew on tap. :)
We value diversity and believe forming teams in which everyone can be their authentic self is key to our success. We encourage people from underrepresented backgrounds to apply. Come join us, and find out what the best work of your career could look like for you.


Go to apply 

