
Collins Engineers, Inc. offers an awesome opportunity for a civil engineering student to gain experience doing structural inspections. The Lexington, Kentucky office has an opening for a Civil Engineering Intern position. We are looking for a college student, junior or senior standing, with an interest in structural engineering. He or she will be paired with professional licensed engineers inspecting above water and underwater bridges and creating reports using data collected from field sites. You will be able to get hands-on experience working on various structural inspection projects including: ancillary signs and signals, bridges, and waterfront structures.
This position will be primarily in the field.
TYPICAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties may be assigned.
Focus primarily on structural inspections.
Compiles reports.
Properly checks other team members’ calculations.
Uses computer-assisted engineering and design software and equipment to prepare engineering and design documents.
Fieldwork will be required.
EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE:
Junior or senior standing working towards a Bachelor's degree in Civil Engineering from an accredited four-year college.
Previous software experience in AutoCAD, MicrsoStation, Blue Beam, or Civil 3D is a plus.
Valid driver's license if operating company vehicle.
PHYSICAL DEMANDS:
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit; stand; use hands to finger, handle, or feel objects, tools, or controls, reach with hands and arms, and talk or hear. The employee is occasionally required to walk, sit, climb or balance, and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee may be required to lift and/or move up to 25 pounds, and occasionally lift and/or move up to 125 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus.
While in the field, the employee may be required to walk in rugged conditions, work in adverse weather conditions, and stand up to eight hours or more at a time.
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
SAFETY:
Employee safety and security are critical parts of our core values. Accountability, attitude, communication, pro-active improvement, and teamwork ensure safe conditions and safe actions. All employees are expected to actively participate in the Collins Safety Program, and opportunities exist at all levels to serve on our Safety Committee. Safety, Health, and Environment are part of our company culture, and sincere involvement is required for all employees.
NOTICE TO THIRD PARTY AGENCIES:
Collins Engineers, Inc. does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters or employment agencies. In the event a recruiter or agency submits a resume or candidate without a previously signed agreement and approved engagement request, Collins Engineers, Inc. reserves the right to pursue and hire those candidate(s) without any financial obligation to the recruiter or agency. All unsolicited resumes received are the property of Collins Engineers, Inc.
Collins Engineers, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action/M/F/Vet/Disability Employer.


Go to apply 

