Job Title = Senior Software Engineer

What We're Looking For:NetMotion Software is looking for a Senior Software Engineer to join our Seattle team. This team member will use their expertise to determine technical feasibility, architecture, and design in the development of world-class software products that run on current and future notebook and mobile operating systems. Working with other team members, you will help determine technical direction, and design and develop commercial software products. You will work on complex problems requiring technical analysis, coding, and debugging. An understanding of networking, networked applications, and security is required. You will also provide technical leadership to other team members-both developers and testers.
We practice Agile development, with an emphasis on rational, sustainable schedules. There is a strong, collaborative relationship between managers, architects, developers, program managers, SDETs, and QA engineers as partners in the delivery of quality products. This position provides the opportunity to work with cutting edge technologies in a growing company.
Develop and release system software running on mobile and desktop client operating systems and Windows server operating systems with a focus on networking and protocols, maintaining the NetMotion Software tradition of high-quality products and customer satisfaction.Work with the latest mobile and wireless networking technologies to shape the direction of strategic products.Perform research, analysis, design, coding, debugging, and unit testing. Analyze and debug difficult application, system, and device-related problems.Work proactively with team members and your manager to plan projects, drive decisions, and identify risk in key areas of technologies and projects.Other duties as assigned.
Your Skills:7+ years of programming in C/C++.3+ years programming for Windows, Linux, Android, macOS, or iOS.3+ years of TCP/IP networking experience.System programming on Linux or Windows.Experience with authentication methods (multi-factor, SSO), protocols (NTLM, RADIUS), and standards/APIs (OpenID, SAML).Strong debugging and diagnostic skills.Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent required.A working knowledge of network authentication and security protocols.Demonstrated experience as a significant contributor on commercial software product releases. Should have been a major contributor on a release from conception to shipment.Self-motivated and able to work cooperatively in a team environment.Excellent communication skills.
Additional consideration given to candidates with one or more of the following:Scalable system design.Cloud deployed systems (AWS, Azure, Google).Data storage and retrieval of structured data (NoSQL), especially for scalable systems.Multitenant system design and implementation.
Who We Are:For 15 years, we've worked with a simple philosophy: help the connected world move more smoothly, seamlessly, and productively. NetMotion is a Mobile Performance Management and Security software company that gives organizations with mobile workforces the connectivity, visibility, and control needed to solve the common challenges of the mobile workforce.
If you join our team you will be working with talented colleagues who have a passion for industry leading technology. At NetMotion, we want people to enjoy the work that they do so we provide our team members with the tools and support they need to be successful. In addition, we have a collaborative and unpretentious environment where creativity is valued. We strive for diversity in our work teams and are committed to equal opportunity and providing an equitable workplace.
Why You'll Love It Here:Health and life benefits, along with a competitive 401k plan and a company match9 company paid holidays, 15 paid vacation days, 10 paid sick days, and 2 floating holidaysCommuting and fitness benefitsMonthly morale events and random treat days!

Permanent


Go to apply 

