Job Title = Cyber Or Engineering Or Manager Or Rfp jobs in Raleigh, NC, 27606

CTG  – 
Morrisville, NC, 27560
... In addition, the RFP Support Specialist will be responsible for cataloging and updating sales collateral and materials in our clients Atlas repository. This role will work closely with the North America Communications Manager to ensure all documents ...
- Lensa, Sep 17

Deloitte  – 
Raleigh, NC
Position summary SAP/GRC Business Process Controls Specialist Master/Manager Are you interested in working in a dynamic ... BA/BS Degree in Computer Science, Cyber Security, Information Security, Engineering, Information Technology, Finance, ...
- Neuvoo, Oct 05

Focused Cyber, LLC  – 
Morrisville, NC
Tenable Engineer ﾖ Morrisville, NC Job Description: Focused Cyber is looking for an individual who will join the security ... Nessus scan engines and Tenable Security Center Continuous View systems and peripherals with Engineering, SOC, TIU, and IR. ...
- ZipRecruiter, Oct 07

Cyber Defense Solutions, LLC  – 
Cary, NC, 27513
Cyber Defense Solutions, LLC is seeking a cybersecurity technical writer to work with our client in Raleigh, NC. The cybersecurity technical writer will work closely with subject matter experts (SMEs), engineering and operational project teams, end ...
- ZipRecruiter, Oct 05

Siemens  – 
Wendell, NC, 27591
The Systems Engineering Project Manager is responsible for the initial engineering design of Gas Insulated products & the ... • Clarifies customers targets and requirements, and/or specification in request for proposal (RFP) on technical and ...
- Ivy Exec, Oct 08

Ivy Exec  – 
Morrisville, NC, 27560
... Represent engineering team on senior project management reviews and customer oral interviews Actively produce labor ... Lead teams of energy and design engineers in RFP Responses and Investment Grade Audits Support Account Executives in ...
- Jobs2Careers, Oct 05

Essentia  – 
Raleigh, NC, 27611
Engineering Manager ? Why Essentia: * We?re growing at a very rapid pace with a proven strategy and solid track record. * ... * Prepare bids and RFP responses for small cell, dark fiber, and outside plant engineering and construction opportunities ? ...
- StartwireL2, Oct 01

United Technologies  – 
Morrisville, NC
... Represent engineering team on senior project management reviews and customer oral interviews Actively produce labor ... Lead teams of energy and design engineers in RFP Responses and Investment Grade Audits Support Account Executives in ...
- Neuvoo, Sep 22

Princeton Information  – 
Raleigh, NC, 27601
... Cybersecurity Project Manager: Develop project approach, scope, timeline, budget/project estimation, and overall staffing ... years of Agile methodologies is preferred Identity Access Management Cyber Risk Assessment Vulnerability Management Process ...
- Jobs2Careers, Oct 07

Eliassen Group  – 
Durham, NC, 27706
Are you a highly skilled and experienced Program Manager, with expertise in Cyber Security policies and best practices? Do you currently possess or are you willing and able to obtain a Public Trust clearance? If so, we might have the ideal role for ...
- Jobs2Careers, Oct 07
