Job Title = Senior Engineer- Full Stack Developer (.Net)

We are looking for a highly motivated and self-driven individual to help build out our platform. We are seeking a .NET developer responsible for building .NET applications using C#, VB Script, Java Script, T-SQL). Your primary responsibility will be to design and develop these layers of our applications, and to coordinate with the rest of the team working on different layers of the infrastructure. A commitment to collaborative problem solving, sophisticated design, and quality product is essential.
Responsibilities
Translate application storyboards and use cases into functional applications
Design, build, and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable code
Ensure the best possible performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications
Assist the Development Manager with Team building activities – Recruitment, Coaching etc.
Work closely with QA & Product Management throughout development life cycle
Proficient in multiple programming languages, frameworks, domains, and tools such as: JavaScript, Spring Framework, Java, JSON, REST, API, HTML5/CSS3/XML, .NET Framework, MS SQL, T-SQL, noSQL knowledge a plus
Mentor developers and junior developers
Emerging mode software developer will be responsible for working in the full technology stack
Works across systems development technologies
Works within project team on iterative development that delivers a high-quality product
Help us continuously improve our Products and the way we work
Communications with customers, developers and product management
Requirements
BS or higher degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.
Familiarity with running web services at scale.
Expertise in designing, analyzing and troubleshooting large-scale distributed systems.
Systematic problem-solving approach coupled with a strong sense of ownership and drive.
Minimum of 8 years programming experience.
Minimum 2 years of Cloud applications development
Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S. We will not sponsor H1B Visa applicants.
Primary Technologies
Full Stack (.NET)
NET 3.5 - .NET 4.5>
C# .NET,
ASP.Net MVC
WCF, ASP.NET
Javascript
MS-SQL T-SQL
Additional Technologies
ASP.NET Web Forms and User Controls
SQL Server Filestream
SQL Server Stored Procs (ours are rather complex and contain some business logic)
Jquery
Telerik controls
Entity Framework 6
TFVC source control in Visual Studio 2017
AWS RDS (MS SQL and PostgreSQL)
Skills
8+ years demonstrated strong knowledge and proficiency in the following
Microsoft .NET Framework and Core
Good knowledge of SQL and relational database programming
Good Understanding of different PaaS Cloud services
Deep knowledge in integrating systems running in different environments
Expert knowledge of modern protocols and APIs (/REST/JSON/microservices)
Strong verbal and written skills
Strong computer science fundamentals
Expert knowledge of database and streaming systems a plus (Hadoop/Spark/Flink/Kafka/Redis/Cassandra)
Expert knowledge of cloud infrastructure services (AWS)
Knowledge of application configuration management
Location
We are looking for the best of the best as this position will be reporting directly to the executive technology management team. The position will require daily interfacing with senior management and assisting in the daily activities of the development group.
The ideal candidate will be no more than a 45 min commute from our offices in Westlake Village, CA. The position will require 3-4 days per week in the office, with work from home the remainder of the week.
Compensation
Salary will be commensurate with experience. $150k & up.


Go to apply 

