Job Title = Systems Administrator - Help Desk Engineer

Equus Software is a unique software development company with 180+ employees across 5 global sites. Equus works with a growing list of Global 2000 clients, many in the Fortune 500. Our technology enables our clients to mobilize their workforce globally meaning move them from country to country (expats) and manage all the important details for their mobile employees.
The Equus internal network infrastructure supports software development and testing processes for in-house employees working in offices like Denver, Dallas, Manila, London and Lisbon as well as many remote employees across the US.

We are considering qualified candidates who can work in our Denver, Colorado Headquarters office.
In this position, you will get to know everyone in the company. Teamwork and flexibility are hallmarks of this position; We have a fast paced environment where no two days are alike. You will need to prioritize activities coming in and make sure the highest priorities are accomplished first. If you like working with people, solving technical issues and making an impact, this may be the job for you.
Responsibilities for this position

Effectively coordinate tasks with clients, client account executives, business analysts and software developers in a fast-paced environment where priorities can change by the day
Efficiently manage the help desk queue of internal customers, effectively managing and prioritizing the queue
Work with IT staff to manage the corporate network, make recommendations for improvements, and participate in the implementation of small and large internal projects
Assist with configuring internal servers and applications to support software development, testing, documentation, and administration
Take ownership of on-boarding procedures and follow documented setup processes for new staff
Manage software, licensing, and hardware inventory
Review and update Help Desk documentation as assigned
Manage backup systems
Monitor internal network to proactively ensure system up-time
Always look for ways to automate, accelerate, make more efficient and secure, and otherwise improve IT operations
Requirements
Qualifications
Must have 2-4 years experience with IT network, workstation and server operations in a Microsoft-based environment.
Experience working with Windows 10 and Windows Server 2008, 2012 and 2019.
Experience managing a help desk queue or working from a help desk queue.
Must have excellent interpersonal and customer service skills.
Must have a passion for solving problems, delivering quality work, and finding a way to improve.
Must know how to prioritize work and ask for assistance when needed.
Must be able to follow detailed documentation and to create your own.
Confluence and Jira experience a plus.
Benefits
What is Equus?

Equus Software is a market leading Software Company specializing in Global Mobility Software. We provide award-winning service to our portfolio of high-profile global clients. Our team is known for providing creative software solutions to solve our clients complex business problems.
What we can offer?
Variety: As part of our team, you will work in a fast paced and challenging environment where no two days will be the same.

Knowledge: You will be able to take full advantage of being part of a fast-paced, close-knit community and make full use of the knowledge of the Global Equus Team with direct access to everyone from BA to CEO.

Growth: Equus is winning new clients all the time and there is plenty of room for the right candidate to move up the career ladder as the company grows.
Salary: We are offering a competitive starting salary plus an excellent benefit package.


Go to apply 

