
Job Title: Sr.
Big Data Engineer Location: Raleigh, NC Duration: Long term Detailed Job Description Candidate should work on a high impact and high visibility project that enables data availability, encompasses data analytics, machine learning, and petabyte scale datasets, and provides reliable and timely access to thousands of data sources.
Design, architect and support new and existing data and ETL pipelines and recommend improvements and modifications.
Create optimal data pipeline architecture and systems using Apache Airflow.
Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional and non-functional business requirements.
Be responsible for ingesting data into our data lake and providing frameworks and services for operating on that data including the use of Spark & Databricks.
Analyze, debug and correct issues with data pipelines.
Operate on or build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL, Spark and Azure technologies.
Responsibilities Hands on experience building high performance scalable enterprise analytics or data centric solutions.
At least 5 years of experience implementing complex ETL pipelines preferably in connection with Hadoop or Spark.
Experience working with Spark data pipeline and or streaming experience.
You have exceptional coding and design skills in Java/Scala or C You are an expert in Python, or can demonstrate your ability to readily learn new languages and your affinity for them.
You understand the nature of distributed systems design.
You have hands-on experience with Azure.
You have a BS in Computer Science / Software Engineering or equivalent experience.
You have a strong understanding & usage of algorithms and data structures.
You work well in a team environment, and are a self-starter.
You have the ability to lead, or have led teams before.
Expertise building and managing python libraries.
Nice To Have Azure Data Lake experience Machine Learning expertise Experience with Apache Airflow Experience with C# .NET Core Experience with traditional data marts/warehouses


Go to apply 

