Job Title = Senior Systems Reliability Engineer

Software Resources has an immediate job opportunity for a Senior Systems Reliability Engineer in Seattle, WA.

Duration: 12+ month(s)

Description:
Our systems reliability engineers provide expert engineering services in the cloud, automation, and reliability engineering to support the innovation and operation of The Company. We are passionate about ensuring our systems provide the best guest experience!
To be successful in this role, you will protect, operate, and continuously improve the automation and systems that run our experiences, products, & services with a focus on availability, latency, automation, & cross-company collaboration while embracing a DevOps culture.

Basic Qualifications:
What will you be doing?
Manage and deploy systems, new technologies, using best practices in the cloud using self-healing, infrastructure-as-code, security, and automation patterns
Develop useful telemetry, alerts, and response to identify and address reliability risks
Participate in on-call rotation with other engineering teams
Collaborate and provide technical excellence within and across teamsWhat's your story?
Experience supporting SAP products and applications a huge plus
Proficient, collaborative, & experienced in building reliable, scalable, enterprise systems
Passionate and curious about ways to leverage technology while continually learning
Ability to identify root-cause sources of instability in a high-traffic, large-scale distributed systems
Configuration management and orchestration (e.g. Chef, Terraform, Cloud Formation)
One or more languages in your skillset (e.g. GO, Python, Java, Ruby)
Skilled in Cloud/PaaS Environments (e.g. AWS, Google Cloud Compute)
Experience with continuous integration tools (e.g. Jenkins)
UNIX/Linux administration, troubleshooting, performance tuning, & security
5 years of experience in technical operations, systems engineering, or related discipline
Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experienceDon't delay. Join the Software Resources team today!
Software Resources specializes in connecting talented IT professionals with challenging job opportunities that transform jobs into careers.
To meet our clients hiring needs, we continuously source talented IT Professionals with all levels of expertise and in all disciplines. We offer world class major medical, dental and vision benefits, 401(k) with match, short term disability, Life Insurance and AD&D. You, our future employees, can make a tremendous difference to our company and our clients. Please apply to this job and experience the Software Resources difference. You can view all of our jobs at

Company Overview
Software Resources is a national staffing and recruitment firm delivering the best candidates to our clients and the best jobs to our candidates since 1992.
We are a certified woman owned business in business to place contract, contract-to-hire, and direct-hire talent in Technology (IT, creative, marketing), finance, accounting, and executive-level positions. We serve many vertical markets including Entertainment/Media, Cruise Industry/Leisure travel, Hospitality, Government, Personal Care, Professional Services, Energy/Utilities, Security, and Financial Services.

Headquartered in Lake Mary, FL in the Orlando metro area, we have branches and sales professionals across the US. Wherever you're located and whatever the need, count on Software Resources to provide exceptional candidates who are fully vetted and ready to go. Call or visit us online at and leave the recruiting to us!


Go to apply 

