Job Title = Principal Software Engineer Code Architecture

This position will be the principal technical adviser for internal code refactoring and re-architecting efforts at Tableau, as well as being the technical champion for overall code quality. These efforts are designed to ensure Tableau’s code base is modular, testable, high quality, highly reliable, and highly performant. The role will follow the rhythm of releases but will not necessarily be associated with any specific one. The Principal Software Engineer will know the state of design decisions and implications of most areas of the product with regard to refactoring and modularization efforts while engaging with many individuals and key stakeholders on the Development team to ensure that the technical work to improve the code is appropriately allocated to feature teams. The Principal Software Engineer will report findings and analysis to the Development Executive team and be prepared to discuss recommendations and suggestions.
Some of the things youll be doing include...
Read technical, functional specifications, and documentation from various feature teams
Use daily builds, testing cross area and cross feature scenarios
Ask questions and discuss with technical leads and managers with expectation of driving to solutions with them
Participate as the technical lead for refactoring and modularization architecture efforts
Participate as a member of the Virtual Architecture Team
Report and advise senior leadership on specific issues uncovered and ideas of solutions
When making recommendations, you will need to consider multiple proposals (from small tactical solution, to long term ideal solution, to intermediate practical one)
Provide documentation, guidance, and support to feature teams and other technical team members on code architecture best practices and target architectures
Provide regular updates to the Tableau Executive Team
Other duties as assigned.
Who you are...
Experienced. 15+ years’ experience in the software industry. 15+ years of demonstrated experience analyzing software architecture to drive technical design solutions. Experience with software design and lifecycle. Proven success with leading large scale code re-architecture and quality efforts. Experience using or building Business Intelligence software is a plus.
Highly-Technical. Ability to drill deep on technical implementation. Coding experience is required. Extensive C++ experience required.
Educated. BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent, advanced degree preferred
You are a Recruiter! Tableau hires company builders and, in this role, you will be asked to be on constant lookout for the best talent to bring onboard to help us continue to build one of the best companies in the world!


Go to apply 

