
THE ROLE

As a Solutions Engineer, you'll participate in the full range of pre-sales activities from lead qualification to vendor selection by prospective customers. While the core of the role is typically presenting and demonstrating products, SA's/SE's are also responsible for working with various sales reps to ensure.
Project stakeholders buy into Alfresco All business drivers are clearly understood and satisfied (e.g. by demos) Technical approvers indicate / recommend Alfresco Any competition has been boxed out
The Pre-Sales Team is proactive, adaptable to change, flexible, and doesn't possess an ego. They have a "we win as a team" mentality and believe in a work/life balance. As a part of the Pre-Sales team and reporting to a senior leader within the sales organization.

You will be responsible for

Supporting our driven and motivated Sales Reps through discovery calls, virtual or live product demonstrations, presentations, proofs of concept, and integration with partner products
Answering customer inquiries concerning system software and applications, and providing software development and consultation to prospective users
Contributing to the achievement of regional and team booking targets as defined by the VP of Sales, Americas
Strategizing with our Sales Reps on how to best work together to ensure Alfresco's success
Building and presenting the Business and Technical value around Alfresco solutions for our customers.
Evangelizing our cloud ready platform with customers

Your Keys to your Success are...

Experience with Amazon Web Services cloud computing concepts
Prior experience as part of an Enterprise Software Sales team and knowledge on how to drive and shape a typical sales cycle
You’re a solutionist who is technically resourceful with grit & tenacity, who wants to learn and is coachable
Experience building customized solutions around Content Services (ECM) and Process Services (Automation/improvement AKA BPM)
Prior Pre-Sales experience with senior level leadership customers, such a C-Level and below
Prior experience building relationships with technical contacts and possessing excellent communication/presentation/white boarding skills in person and over the phone
BA/BS College Degree in engineering, computer science or technology preferred
Spanish language skills

Your Technical Abilities...

AWS knowledge with the following: Regions, EC2/AMI's, EBS Volumes, Aurora, ELB, Auto Scaling, Bastion, S3, CloudFormation, Glacier, IAM, Lambda, Dynamo DB & More
Docker, Vagrant, VMWare & AWS virtualization solutions
Managing Java applications and architecture (finding log files, digging out errors, configuring database connections, etc.)
Moderate to expert Javascript development and/or modification experience
Understanding and working knowledge of Microservices Architecture
Understanding and working knowledge of Angular 2 or related UX framework (Angular, REACT, etc.)
Linux and Windows administration (installing products, diagnosing issues, configuring product and service startups, ports, security, etc.)
Web application development experience (HTML5, DOM, jQuery, YUI, etc.)
HTML / CSS authoring, modification, tweaking
Database experience with common platforms (installation, simple debugging, creating users, etc.)
Application development concepts and exposure (building/deploying EAR/WAR files, source code management, etc.)


Go to apply 

