
Do you get energy from empowering people to do what they love? Do you want to work on cutting-edge technology that has the potential of changing the way people develop software? Come be a critical part of our lean, fast-moving, low-ego machine of a team.
About you. You are a scrappy, hungry, versatile software engineer looking for an opportunity to make your mark on the world. You love systems programming and are looking to make impact at a fast pace. You are looking to get obsessed with building something that will make people's lives better. Not only do the terms "enterprise," "security," and "developer tools" mean something to you, they also represent areas where you want to make meaningful contributions.
About the team. We are a stealth-mode company looking for a member of our founding team with nontrivial systems engineering experience. We have deep expertise in systems engineering, software analysis, and data privacy and are setting out to change how people work with data for the better. The technical sophistication of our offering will be a key differentiator, so we highly value good engineering!
About Akita. As companies collect more data, it's increasingly important for their success to get a handle on how that data is being used. Changes in consumer data regulation have made it especially important to make sure that data is not getting written places it is not supposed to go.
These trends have given us the rare opportunity to build a new kind of data tool that gives a level of visibility and control over data that did not previously exist. By giving visibility to information not previously surfaced by any tool, Akita allows engineering, security, compliance, and devops teams to focus on using their data, rather than tracking it down and not losing it. Our approach is based on a decade of research by founder and CEO Jean Yang's research at CMU and MIT.
We are a seed-stage company with the backing of two of the best VC firms in enterprise software, as well as a small number of incredible angel investors and advisors with deep experience in building companies and products. Our advisors include the co-inventor of autocorrect and the former CISO of a major public company.
We understand that this is not much information to go on, but we are happy to talk more openly in private about what we are doing!
Here is what you will work on:Systems programming. We're building a technically complex product that also needs to scale! There's going to be a good amount of old-fashioned systems programming that will need to do.Prototyping. Especially before we find product-market fit, we need to be prepared to iterate a lot over the refinements of the initial product thesis. You will build demos and prototype new features to help us evaluate both feasibility and technical interest.Technical R&D. We are working on cutting edge technology, some of which has not previously been deployed at scale in industry and some of which may even be beyond what is currently known to be possible. You will also be involved with technical R&D work.System design. We are building a metropolis of software from scratch! As we move features from prototypes into production-ready systems, we will need to be thoughtful about the tradeoffs we make as we design our systems.General scrappy activities. We've been doing everything from assembling our own furniture to setting up build environments. We're looking for someone who is excited about rolling up their sleeves and building from the ground up.
Experience:Bachelor's degree. We are looking for someone with a Computer Science education with a solid grasp of algorithms and data structures. Preferred coursework/comparable industry experience: Compilers, Operating Systems, and Distributed Systems. We're also happy to consider engineers who have not taken an academic path but who are strong on data structures and other CS fundamentals.Experience building from scratch. We're building our product from the ground up. We are looking for an engineer who is comfortable with the ambiguity of not having most of the system they are working on be fully defined or built. The ideal candidate has been involved in building at least one system from scratch.Experience building software that has been deployed. The ideal candidate has been involved in building at least one system that has seen substantial production use.Startup exposure. The ideal candidate understands the iteration involved in finding product-market fit.

Permanent


Go to apply 

