
Title: Senior Software Engineer Location: Milwaukee, WI Duration: 06-12+ Months.
Interview: Phone and Skype.
Only USC/GC.
The ideal candidate has expert level knowledge and experience in writing testable Java code, constructing valuable unit tests and implementing all of the organization''s code quality standards and practices.
By being embedded within application engineering teams this individual will get to perform hands-on feature development as well as contribute to efforts to develop a grassroots movement for sharing best practices around writing unit tests as well as testable code throughout the company.
What To Expect: Within the first month - Begin learning and contributing to the project codebase to which you are assigned.
Become an active individual contributor to the overall project s initiatives which includes Java/Maven for application development, gitlab for source code control, gitlab ci for continuous integration/continuous delivery and Docker/AWS/Kubernetes for deployment.
You will start to handle minor bug fixes, develop features that support the project, and begin writing testable code with appropriate tests in place.
Within two months -Full integration into the project where you are capable of developing features and demonstrate your ability to write highly testable code with all appropriate tests completed.
Engage with other SDETs as well as project stakeholders to define and maintain the project s backlog and begin to take ownership of all aspects of the project s SDLC.
Begin to mentor, guide and assign work to junior engineers to assist you in your endeavors Within three months Become a driving force in all aspects of the assigned project and contribute to the overall goals of the SDET organization.
Take ownership of the project and work with other senior staff as well as senior leadership to deliver effective and efficient solutions by setting reasonable and achievable goals.
Job Requirements: - Bachelor''s degree or Associate''s degree in Computer Science or a related field - 7+ years professional DEVELOPMENT experience in Java (Must have Dev experience, not just Java Testing experience) - White box testing experience REQUIRED - 5+ years writing and debugging multithreaded Java applications - 3+ years'' experience with REST / SOAP services and clients - Working knowledge of the Spring Framework - Working knowledge of JUnit testing - Experience with Github or Gitlab for source code management - Bachelor''s degree or Associate''s degree in Computer Science or a related field.
Additional Requirements: - Proven results of delivering while working within an application engineering team.
- Proven experience of mentoring team members.
- Ability to take initiative and work with minimal supervision.
We value autonomy here and want you to be the type that thrives in that environment.


Go to apply 

