
Our client is looking for a Network Engineer to join a team building out DevOps principles to manage an on-prem network environment and public cloud environments.
The position will be responsible for design, analysis, documentation, maintenance, and security requiring a high level of stability, reliability, and availability of the production network environment, consistent with established change control policies and prescribed procedures.
This individual will be an essential member of the incident response team, and is be expected to work anytime that the need arises.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities Architect high performance, reliable and fault-tolerant network environments.
Design and document network and security environments, the processes and procedures required functionality.
Serve as subject matter expert in one or more areas of network engineering specialties.
Provide detailed engineering support and consultation to other departments.
Support 7x24-365 operations.
Support new product deployments with installation, integration, testing, documentation, and training develop methods and procedures for troubleshooting.
Develop network element technical specifications.
Make specific recommendations and assists in implementation of plans that enhance technical operation, compliance with rules and regulations, and permits the deployment of new technology.
Design, implement, maintain, and troubleshoot network infrastructure including routersswitches, load balancers, firewalls, IDSIPS, and other security related products.
Maintain network security including research, design, and implementation of security policies and products monitor overall network health and security posture.
Work with other team member and group to implement and troubleshoot network solutions.
Education, Experience, Certification Requirements Bachelor Degree (preferably in Information Systems, Computer Science or related field) or equivalent experience 10 years hands-on experience with Cisco routers and switches, Juniper routers and firewalls, and Network Diagnostics (sniffers, etc.) Five Years hands-on experience with Multicast video distribution, Load Balancers, BGP, OSPF, SNMP, and firewalls Experience in high-availability high transaction infrastructure Experience working with HP switches, Cisco ASI, Cisco Nexus, AWS (network, security, direct connect), and worked on a DevOps team a big plus Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Scripting in at least one language (python, korn, perl, etc.) High comfort level with Linux OS Must be willing to be on-call Excellent WrittenVerbal communication skills


Go to apply 

