Job Title = Qa Or Oracle Or Writers Or Java jobs in Raleigh, NC, 27606

Crossfire Consulting Corporation  – 
Durham, NC
... and assisting with QA testing process " Support UAT process Required Skills: Software Skills: " Oracle development " Data ... Knowledge of Big data " Knowledge of RESTFull API with java implementation Essential Skills " Strong problem solving skills. ...
- Neuvoo, Oct 08

Atyeti  – 
Raleigh, NC, 27602
... QA team on explaining requirements and assisting with QA testing process • Support UAT process Required Skills: • Oracle ... of Python, R • Knowledge of Hive • Knowledge of Big data • Knowledge of RESTFull API with java implementation Permanent
- Jobg8, Oct 09

Ellisor Group  – 
Raleigh, NC, 27601
... of RESTFull API with java implementation Work on RERSTfull IP components for ProPL modeling platform with goal to deploy on Azure Cloud Liaze with QA team on explaining requirements and assisting with QA testing process Support UAT process Permanent
- Dice, Sep 11

Credit Suisse  – 
Raleigh, NC, 27601
... Security, Boot, Data, Batch Strong knowledge of Core Java is a plus! Deep understanding of single page frontend applications and modern web development with Angular or React Experience with Oracle and other SQL databases: database design, writing ...
- Jobg8, Oct 08

Oracle  – 
Morrisville, NC
... the development and verification of a highly available, scalable, secure, operations stack and development environment to enable Oracle applications to run on the Oracle Cloud. We are not building a monolithic platform nor are we writing JAVA code. ...
- DE Jobs, Oct 04

ApTask  – 
Raleigh, NC
... to create specifications and procedures to access and update application data for Java application. Practical hands on building and running PL/SQL queries on oracle. Close interaction with customer team. Close interaction with QA team Experience
- Neuvoo, Oct 08

Credit Suisse  – 
Raleigh, NC, 27601
... stack/tools such as Java, J2EE, JMS or MQ Series, Control-M, Weblogic, JDBC, Spring Boot, Oracle DBMS, RESTful or SOAP ... Able to work with and support QA testing efforts. Have system analyst qualities required to create and maintain application ...
- Jobg8, Oct 02

Marga Consulting  – 
Raleigh, NC, 27607
... * Create and maintain test automation framework using Selenium, Java, SQL and UNIX. * Suggest and implement improvements to the testing automation processes and tools. * Resolve day to day issues and provide solutions * Be QA subject matter expert ...
- Dice.com, Oct 09

Marga Consulting  – 
Raleigh, NC, 27607
... * Create and maintain test automation framework using Selenium, Java, SQL and UNIX. * Suggest and implement improvements to the testing automation processes and tools. * Resolve day to day issues and provide solutions * Be QA subject matter expert ...
- Dice, Oct 08

S2SSoft  – 
Cary, NC, 27511
... Role: Oracle DBA Admin Location: Rochester NY Duration: Long term Responsibilities: Evaluate the Database Server Hardware. ... Integration, QA and production usage Install MSSQL database and its features and any other tools that access by application. ...
- Dice.com, Oct 08
