Job Title = Asp Or Ic Or Hadoop Or Cs Or Architect jobs in Raleigh, NC, 27606

Sterling 5, Inc.  – 
Raleigh, NC, 27601
Role: Senior Hadoop Administrator Location: Raleigh, NC - (100% On-site) Interview modes: Phone + Skype/F2F Job Type: W2 hire Basic Qualifications Minimum 4-5 plus years of hands-on technical experience implementing, supporting and/or administering ...
- Dice.com, Oct 09

Alpha Net Consulting, LLC  – 
Cary, NC
5+ years of IT experience with 3+ years of experience in Bigdata/Hadoop Admin with good to have MongoDB & Splunk skills. • 5+ years of IT experience with min 3+ years of experience on Bigdata Administration (Hadoop,MongoDB & Splunk) • Good hands-on ...
- Oorwin, Oct 07

DatamanUSA LLC  – 
Raleigh, NC
Position: Hadoop Administrator Duration: 6 Months Location: Raleigh, NC Basic Qualifications: • Bachelors degree and Minimum 10 years relevant IT experience. Additional experience may be substituted for degree. • Minimum of 5 years experience with ...
- Oct 01

SPECTRAFORCE TECHNOLOGIES Inc.  – 
Durham, NC, 27701
Position: Senior Hadoop Developer/Data Integration Engineer Location: Durham, NC Duration: 1 year Special Instruction Most important skills: AWS Elastic Map Reduce (AWS EMR) and Hadoop, Spark, and Sqoop. Client have OBIEE and SAS as their primary ...
- Dice, Sep 27

Analog Devices  – 
Raleigh, NC, 27601
... Description ADI's wireless Transceiver Product Group is seeking a transceiver architect who possesses advanced and practical ... Leverage deep personal knowledge of mixed signal IC design and heavy interaction with key IC designers within ADI to explore ...
- Lensa, Oct 08

Net2Source  – 
Raleigh, NC, 27601
... Job Title: Azure Architect Location: Raleigh, NC and Philadelphia, PA Start Date: ASAP Duration: Full Time Job ... We specialize in Contingent hiring, Direct Hires, Statement of Work, Payroll Management, IC Compliance, VMS, RPO and Managed ...
- Lensa, Oct 07

Analog Devices, Inc.  – 
Raleigh, NC, 27611
... Description ADI's wireless Transceiver Product Group is seeking a transceiver architect who possesses advanced and practical ... * Leverage deep personal knowledge of mixed signal IC design and heavy interaction with key IC designers within ADI to ...
- StartwireL2, Oct 06

TEKsystems  – 
Raleigh, NC, 27601
TEKsystems has partnered with a major client seeking a Hadoop Administrator for a long term contract role in Raleigh. On a daily basis the Hadoop Administrator will be responsible for operational management and architecture of a Hadoop ecosystem. ...
- Dice, Oct 08

Corus360  – 
Raleigh, NC, 27601
The Digital Architect is responsible for ensuring alignment with modern engineering principles, enforcing the right design ... ecosystem Data engineering principles and frameworks like Hadoop No-SQL databases like MongoDB, Cassandra Security of data ...
- Jobg8, Oct 08

Apptad Inc  – 
Raleigh, NC, 27607
Stibo Architect Long Term Position Overview The Stibo Architect is a Senior Technical Specialist responsible for design, ... members and knowledge-share Qualifications Bachelor's degree in CS, MIS, or related field 4+ years of relevant professional ...
- Jobg8, Oct 02
