
"

Job Title: Big Data Consultant

Department: Big Data

Job Type: Contract

Location: Pleasanton, CA

Job Overview:
As a Big Data Developer, you will be working with our strategic
client to implement leading edge Big Data solution for one of the
largest healthcare providers.
We are looking for software engineers
with a strong understanding of the full big data development
lifecycle, including requirements gathering, solution design,
development, and production deployment.
The ideal candidate will have solid development experience with the
desire and passion to learn big data technologies. Will provide
training for the ideal candidate to learn Spark development.

Responsibilities:

Participate in technical planning & requirements gathering
phases including design, coding, testing, troubleshooting, and
documenting data-oriented software applications in one or more of
the following areas

Create ETL code in Java or Spark

End-to-End Big Data Solutioning and data stream design, experience
with tools of the trade: Hadoop, Storm, Hive, Pig, Azure (HD
Insight) and Data Lake Design

Build Large Scale, Fault Tolerance Systems with components of
scalability, and high data throughput with tools like Kafka, Storm,
Flink, and Spark, and NoSQL platforms like HBase and DataStax

Build NoSQL solutions and capacity for understanding Graph, Key
Value, Tuple Store, Columnar Memory, and in-memory functionality

SKILLS AND EXPERICENCE REQUIRED:

Passionate coder with 3 years of application development experience.

Breadth of experience with
(List technologies).

Strong debugging, problem solving and investigative skills.
Ability to assimilate disparate information (log files, error
messages etc.) and pursue leads to find root cause problems.

Experience with Agile/Scrum methodology.

Self-starter who can work independently

Bachelor s Degree with a minimum of 3+ year s relevant experience
or equivalent.

5+ years of experience in on premise or Cloud big data development

2+ years as a Java application software developer.

2+ years
experience with traditional relational databases such as
Oracle, SQL Server, PostgreSQL, MySQL.

Experience working in an Agile/Scrum environment

Need someone who is a self-starter and team player, capable of
working with a team of architects, developers, business/data
analysts, QA, and client stakeholders

Strong written and verbal communications

2+ years
experience working in Big Data (Hadoop, Hive, Pig,
Storm, NoSQL, HBase, Cassandra, Druid)

1+ years
hands-on experience with ETL tools (Talend, Informatica,
NiFi, etc.)

1+ years
hands-on experience working with Geospatial Analytics
and Reporting

1+ years
hands-on experience with Spark/Kafka data manipulation,
pipeline creation

1+ years
hands-on experience working within AWS, Azure, or Google
IaaS Solutions

Hands-on experience with DevOps solutions like: Puppet, AWS
CloudFormation, Docker and microservices

Experience working with (hands-on) or working with teams who work
within the Business Intelligence & Visualization Space (Tableau,
Power BI, Qlik, Cognos, SAP BOBJ, etc.)

Passion for working with open-source technologies as well as
commercial platforms

Educational Qualifications:

Required - Bachelor s degree in Computer Science, Information
Technology, Computer Engineering or closely related or equivalent

Preferred - Master s degree in Management Information Systems
(MIS), Computer Science, Big Data or Analytics or equivalent

Travel:

Open to travel based up on the nature of the engagement

Equal Employment Opportunity
Reliable Software employment does not discriminate on the basis of
race, religion, gender, sexual orientation, age or any other basis as
covered by federal, state, or local law.
Employment decisions are based solely on qualifications, merit and
business needs.

Shameer K
IT Recruiter
(O)
2260 Haggerty Road, Suite#285, Northville, MI 48167.

- provided by Dice

Contractor


Go to apply 

