
The Opportunity
Do you want to take part in changing the world by giving scientists instant access to innovative research? By connecting the right people to work on breakthrough discoveries? All while working from home or traveling the world?
We are looking for an engaging and charismatic presenter, who inspires others about technology, is motivated by helping clients succeed, and values the unprecedented lifestyle the Internet enables.
As a Product Evangelist, our customers and the ATIV team will look to you for thought-leadership, market insight, and technical expertise about our product. You will dazzle your audience with compelling stories that bring our product s benefits to life while acting as a knowledgeable and reliable technical advisor to clients and potential customers. You will ensure client success by finding the right solutions for their needs, and complete the feedback loop by bringing market intelligence back to the ATIV team.
This is a position for someone who has a passion for learning, loves mobile technology, continuously exceeds expectations, and enjoys sharing their knowledge with others. Mediocre should be a term that makes you queasy and the unknown should drive you towards discovery rather than making you nervous.
About ATIV
Our office is Skype, our customers are nonprofits, and our end users are highly educated professionals.
We are a high-tech company in California developing advanced mobile applications for iPhone/iPad, Android, and other devices for some of the largest conferences and meetings in the medical and scientific industry. Attendees and clients love our apps and that means: While you are enjoying a remote office from a mountain top, you helped save thousands of trees, reduced many tons of paper waste, and possibly connected scientists and doctors who are now working on the next breakthrough research.
More information about ATIV Software can be found at
Responsibilities
Tell stories that inspire passion and amplify our product and thought leadership
Establish yourself as an expert and thought-leader by developing deep knowledge of our products, industry, customer needs, market trends, and the competitive landscape
Create professional presentations that speak to the needs of our audience by making complex technical topics accessible and compelling through video, webcasts, modalities that help your audience understand our product s capabilities and benefits.
Present on and demo at industry events. Develop customer opportunities; maintain accurate lead and account records adhering to all required processes and workflows.
Cultivate ongoing client relationships, be empathetic to client needs, and provide an outstanding customer experience
Understand client challenges and goals in order to facilitate client success
Evangelize on social media and actively participate in conversations on blogs, forums, and other technical communities
Act as liaison between clients and internal teams to effectively communicate product feedback
Participate with leadership in the strategic development of initiatives to identify product and system enhancements which may improve client appeal, process flow, overall industry reputation, and financial performance
Prioritize tasks to meet business goals, grow the client base, and complete other tasks as assigned in a timely and accurate manner
Communicate in a timely manner internally and externally; be available to work during east coast or west coast work hours
Qualifications
Bachelor s degree with a GPA 3.+ or equivalent experience required
2+ years experience in technical sales or product evangelism
Proven record of explaining new, disruptive solutions - both the strategic benefits and practical use cases
Demonstrated presentation and webcast/video recording expertise as well as sales material design skills
Mastery of PowerPoint, Excel and MS Word or Google Apps
Reliable high-speed Internet access
Must be available to travel as required
How do I apply?
Send the following to hr-application [at] ativsoftware.com in a single e-mail (incomplete entries will not be reviewed):
C over letter as email body
Include in cover letter:
a spreadsheet formula: how would you combine the content from cell A2 and cell B2 in Excel and make sure there are no extra spaces at the end?
Which job board did you find us on?
A link to your favorite webcast you recorded and explain why it s your favorite presentation you have done
FYI: If you do not have an existing link, send a link by creating a short (max 3min) video demo with voice over of our product - pick your favorite features and explain, using storytelling techniques, why they are important. You can use the free app EventPilot Users Conference
R esume as PDF attachment

Permanent


Go to apply 

