Job Title = Quality Assurance Engineer

Software Methods is seeking a Quality Assurance Engineer for a 6+ month contract to hire opportunity at our client in the King of Prussia, PA area.
We are looking for candidates with expertise in designing and architecting robust and scalable test automation framework as well as driving continuous improvement in testing processes.
Responsibilities:
Design, develop and execute test automation suite for one or more products
Design, develop and maintain new and existing test automation frameworks
Contributing to the reduction of technical debt, as well as improving process efficiency by innovative ways or by bringing alignment with industry standards
Strategize, plan and estimate the assigned work, and provide periodic status reports on project milestones
Develop the test strategy/analysis, and define the configuration of test environments to facilitate the testing needs
Troubleshooting technical issues to identify root cause and corrective improvements and provide technical knowledge and assistance to other engineers
Support the project team in all testing efforts as well as support the Test Architect/Lead in championing the best practices.
Requirements:
5+ years in testing in large scale applications and web services and 3+ years in developing and maintaining test automation suites and frameworks
Hands-on experience designing and building low-maintenance, robust and scalable automation frameworks
Hands-on experience in Windows UI test automation using Unified Functional Test (UFT) or similar test automation tool
Advanced knowledge of one or more of the following programming languages: Java, Python or VB script
Experience collaborating within the testing team as well as with cross-functional teams
Possess excellent communication, sharp analytical abilities, and proven design skills
Bachelor s in Computer Science or Engineering, or equivalent experience.
Preferred:
Experience working with configuration management tools and repository like Github
Experience testing mainframe applications and environments
Good working knowledge with a variety of databases like MS SQL, Oracle, DB2, MySQL, Flat File, MongoDB
Experience with Waterfall or Agile/Scrum methodologies
Experience in creating dashboards and testing metrics for test coverage and release status
Experience with testing in virtual environments as well as cloud environments
Ability to drive higher quality by assessing end-user impact of issues and thereby influencing key product decisions
Ability to lead multiple small to medium size projects and drive them to completion.
If this sounds like you, please contact us today!
Unable to sponsor visas for this position. Please encourage those authorized, to work in the U.S. without a visa, to apply!
No third parties please.

Permanent


Go to apply 

