Job Title = Direct Client: Senior QA Automation Engineer

Direct Client

Job Title: Senior QA Automation Engineer
Location: Duluth, GA
Job Type: Contract to Hire

Please send your resume to or call me on x 110
Job Description:
Develop test automation scripts using Java based automation tools Selenium Webdriver, RESTAssured & JMeter.
Interpret requirements and specifications to develop test plans, test cases and test documentation.
Conduct functional-level testing including both GUI and API/back-end tests
Be involved with Agile iterative software development process, continuous integration, continuous testing, rapid automation to efficiently build the best industry software
Enhance/Build automation frameworks for applications and services.
Evaluate product functionality and create test strategies and test cases to assess product quality.
Write SQL queries needed for backend validations.
Good understanding of REST and cloud architecture
Experience with BrowserStack, SauceLabs, or other tools to test on multiple platforms such as desktop and mobile
Think from a customer perspective, and creatively solve real user problems
Develop, improve and implement the automation solutions to be used across our technology stacks and lines of business.
Our Tech stacks
Azure Devops/VSTS, Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes
Selenium Webdriver, RESTAssured, JMeter, Appium, Applitools, SauceLabs
Cucumber/BDD, Java, Springboot, Mulesoft
Required Skills:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or similar.
A minimum of 6 years of software development or test framework development experience
5+ years of expertise in an object-oriented programming language.
Automation architecture development and/or maintenance experience.
Ability to programmatically test any software product and develop automation for it.
Unrivaled attention to detail.
Documenting, tracking and escalating issues as appropriate with the ability to build effective relationships through partnering and collaboration

Permanent


Go to apply 

