
Our direct client is looking for an Automation Engineer.

Responsible for implementing automation and technology solutions that improve productivity, quality, and financial performance of the company.

Essential Functions:

Design, detail and build equipment as required to support project timelines
Create drawings and/or related wiring diagrams to build or assist others to wire control panels
Program and interface with automated systems; A/B & Fanuc PLC s, Fanuc robots, UR Collaborative robots, Keyence vision systems, HMI s and other related components
Design, suggest, or perform modifications and upgrades on equipment to support new initiatives
Interact with designers and suggest drawing modifications based on best-practices
Develop, investigate, test, and document equipment standardized work to establish best-practices and for training purposes
Troubleshoot equipment and process problems, assist with proper maintenance
Create, maintain, and distribute operating and production standards
Work collaboratively in a team environment. Responsive to inquiries from other engineering and business teams
Promote adherence to safety standards
Perform all other incidental and related duties as required and assigned

Qualifications:
BS Engineering preferred
3+ years of relevant experience (in a manufacturing environment) preferred
Experience with programming PLC, HMI, and Robotics
Knowledge of measurement and sensor technologies
Proficient with Autodesk Electrical and Autodesk Inventor
Strong mechanical and electrical aptitude; desire to work in a hands-on environment
Ability to learn quickly; open to new ideas
Strong troubleshooting skills
Ability to interrupt blueprints
Basic computer skills: word processing, spreadsheets
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills (including technical writing); ability to listen, provide feedback, train and motivate others
Ability to work effectively in a team or individual environment
Effectively interact with production operators to obtain feedback and ideas
Demonstrate independent initiative
Receptive and supportive of change

Job related demands (i.e. physical, travel):
Occasional travel for meetings, training, or equipment validation (estimated between 1-2 times per year)
Flexibility to alter work schedule for timely completion of projects
Prioritization of multiple projects to meet operational goals
Ability to handle sensitive and confidential issues with tact and diplomacy
Maintenance of professional knowledge by attending educational workshops, reviewing professional publications, establishing personal networks, and/or participating in professional associations
Ability to lift and move objects up to 35 lbs. without assistance and occasionally up to 50 lbs. following company safe lifting protocol
Ability to stand and/or sit for long periods of time
Ability to work in an environment with noise, oils, chemicals, and powder metal.

Additional Comments:
The essential functions have been provided as examples of the type of work performed by employees assigned to this job classification. The Company reserves the right to modify the work assignments and/or to make reasonable accommodations so that qualified employees can perform the essential functions. The job description is not intended to be an all-inclusive list of duties and responsibilities. It is intended to describe the general nature of the position.

US citizens and Green Card Holders and those authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply. We are unable to sponsor H1B candidates at this time.

Permanent


Go to apply 

