Job Title = Software Engineer II

The Job:
As a Sr. Software Engineer, you will be working as part of an Agile team to analyze, design, develop, test, document, and implement software applications for our F & I Solutions group. The successful candidate will be proficient in C++ and have excellent knowledge of databases to help build multi-tier enterprise applications.

The successful candidate must have a demonstrated track record for learning and strategically applying new technologies to software construction. The engineer will focus on building web service applications conforming to the corporate architectural standards. This role offers the opportunity to be a member of a small team of elite developers working with cutting edge technologies while building industry leading applications.

Technology We Use:
C++, Oracle, XML, Git, Python, Jenkins.

Your Role:
Design, develop and maintain web-based applications to enhance the performance and reliability of our current applications.
Participate in the development of new industry-leading products using our open-source-based tech stack.
Collaborate with other developers on best practices, code reviews, internal tools and process improvements.
Review, analyze designs, modify, develop, test, document, and implement software applications
Analyze and resolve complex problems associated with applications systems. Detect, diagnose, and report related problems
What We Look For:
Bachelor's Degree; preferably Computer Science major or related discipline
Strong object-oriented programming skills.
5-7 years of development experience with C++ .
3-5 years hands-on development with Web Services
3-5 years of experience with SQL queries and stored procedures
Experience working in an environment that requires coordination of efforts between the Engineering, Quality Assurance, Infrastructure, and Product Management
Result-oriented ability to respond to a changing business environment
Strong understanding of version control systems
Good Communication skills both written and verbal
Ability to work on multiple activities with speed and efficiency
Ability to work collaboratively within high performance team environment
Aptitude for continued growth and development of technical skills/abilities
Proven self-starter and ability to work collaboratively in a high-performance team environment
Excellent troubleshooting and problem solving skills.

Thanks & Regards

Parul Chhabra
Primus Software Corporation
Direct: 678 -666- 4393 Fax:
Email:

om 3061 Peachtree Industrial Blvd, Suite 110 Duluth, GA - 30097
Let's connect, LinkedIn:

Permanent


Go to apply 

