
Software Guidance & Assistance, Inc., (SGA), is searching for a Data Engineer for a CONTRACT assignment with one of our premier Financial clients in New York, NY.

Responsibilities :
Work closely with Data Owners, Business and Big Data Project team to work out data sourcing requirements
Data Discovery and understanding in Source Systems
Capture meta data and map data elements to business data requirements
Data profiling
Prepare technical connectivity (to Source Systems) specifications for development team
Specification and implementation of Data Quality Checks and Requirements
Serve as an Data SME during UAT testing and discussions with IT stakeholders
Required Skills:
Technology background in Databases
Strong Motivation to communicate with Source System Owners
Ability to write sophisticated SQL queries
Strong data analytical skills, experience with data analytical tools
Strong communication and presentation skills
Experience in DWH strongly suggested
Understanding of Agile requirements flow
Experience in Agile tools (Confluence, Jira etc)
Control-M, rundeck
Preferred Skills:
-Background in Big Data a plus
SGA is a Certified Women's Business Enterprise (WBE) celebrating over thirty years of service to our national client base for both permanent placement and consulting opportunities. For consulting positions, we offer a variety of benefit options including but not limited to health & dental insurance, paid vacation, timely payment via direct deposit. SGA accepts transfers of H1 sponsorship for most contracting roles. We are unable to sponsor for Right-to-Hire, Fulltime, or Government roles. All parties authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply for all roles. Only those authorized to work for government entities will be considered for government roles. Please inquire about our referral program if you would like to submit a candidate for any of our open or future job opportunities. SGA is an EEO employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, national origin, disability, veteran status, age, marital status, pregnancy, genetic information, or other legally protected status. To view all of our available job postings and/or to learn more about SGA please visit us online at - provided by Dice

Contractor


Go to apply 

