Job Title = Sr. DevOps Engineer

Software Guidance & Assistance, Inc., (SGA), is searching for a Sr. DevOps Engineer for a contract assignment with one of our premier financial services clients in Irving, TX.

Due to position being a true contract to hire, SGA can only submit our W2 candidates
Cannot submit Corp. to Corp. through an employer or Third-Party Firm.
W2 Only

Responsibilities :
To Lead the local DevOps team. The Lead should continuously work with his team to streamlining and automation existing processes and reduce any Manual efforts. The lead also need to ensure better tracking and reporting on SLAs, faster turnaround on issues, and ownership of incidents and application problems, working with various stakeholders and support teams.
Providing Technical support for Production and UAT Issues (Level3)
Implementation of Dev Ops using and CICD pipeline
To support application tuning and debugging strategies
Team work ability to work across levels and groups
Implement and Enforce best practices are followed Required Skills:
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field
Experience in development and support of technology projects with 5-7 years of experience in a technical Support / Development using RDBMS such as Oracle and Big Data/Hadoop.
Should have implemented DevOps for a few applications in past.
Experience in writing UNIX Shell Scripts including Korn Shell Scripts & Bourne Shell Scripts is required.
Experience on batch processing using ETL tools is expected.
Highly motivated with the ability to multi task productively.
Good change management discipline.
Good written & verbal communication skills.
Ability to understand domain concepts.
Ability to mentor and motivate team members. Preferred Skills:
Experience with Mongo DB, Spark will be a big plus.
Experience with Java (J2EE), Websphere is desired.
Experience in handling tech support teams across Risk and Finance applications is desired. SGA is a Certified Women's Business Enterprise (WBE) celebrating over thirty years of service to our national client base for both permanent placement and consulting opportunities. For consulting positions, we offer a variety of benefit options including but not limited to health & dental insurance, paid vacation, timely payment via direct deposit. SGA accepts transfers of H1 sponsorship for most contracting roles. We are unable to sponsor for Right-to-Hire, Fulltime, or Government roles. All parties authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply for all roles. Only those authorized to work for government entities will be considered for government roles. Please inquire about our referral program if you would like to submit a candidate for any of our open or future job opportunities. SGA is an EEO employer. We encourage Veterans to apply. To view all of our available job postings and/or to learn more about SGA please visit us online at . - provided by Dice

Contractor


Go to apply 

