
D
o you thrive on creating software that matters? Are you passionate about your craft and enjoy working with others who feel the same?
We are an industry leading management solution software company in the entertainment, amusement, retail and recreation industry. Our single software package alleviates the stress of managing and operating facilities for our clients. As an innovator inthe operation of family entertainment centers, we are looking for experiencedfull stackdevelopers who would love to create cloud-based apps and APIstopower our software systems of the future.
In this role, you will design and develop solutions as part of a ground-up re-engineering of oursoftwareapplications using thelatest .Net and Web technologies...allowing you the freedom to let your technical capabilities shine.
Key Technologies
ASP. NET, C#, HTML5, CSS, JAVASCRIPT

Requirements & Desired Skills
Experience with client-side technologies such as AngularJS, Angular 2+, Knockout, React, JavaScript, TypeScript, HTML5, and CSS.
Experience with C#, ASP.NET MVC, and JSON.
Experience developing REST API-driven applications.
Experience with unit testing frameworks, inparticularNUnit.
Experience with Agile development processes, methodologies, and tools, particularly Scrum.
Experience using source control, preferably Git.
Bonus: prior experience usingNoSQL databases --Couchbase, Mongo, etc.
Bonus: prior experience withCI/CDtools -- Jenkins, Bamboo, Spinnaker, etc.
Bonus: prior experiencedeveloping applications for the Cloud environment--AWS, Azure, etc.
Bonus:prior experiencewith.Net Core, DockerandKubernetes.
CenterEdge Fit
You have a passion for writing great code with the desire to achieve and exceed goals.
You are personally accountable for your work and love creating value for your users.
You have a desire for the team to succeed above personal preferences.
You are extremely technical, but also have a passion to constantly learn and develop new skills.
Qualifications
Sound knowledge of modern web development trends, technologies, and design patterns.
Minimum of3years' experience designing and implementingweb-basedsoftware systems, with 5 to 7 years of experience being ideal.
Must be authorized to work in the United States; candidates requiring Visa sponsorship WILL NOT be considered.
Must be willing to undergo a pre-employment background check and drug screen, in accordance with local law/regulations.

Location:
This position offers the opportunity to work remotely up to 80% of the time, but candidates MUST reside within a reasonable drive of our business location in Roxboro, NC.

Important:
Applicants may be interviewed and hired prior to the closing date of this ad.
Visa Sponsorship is not available.
CenterEdge is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer
Job Posted by ApplicantPro


Go to apply 

