Job Title = VMware Engineer

VMware Engineer
Eagan, Minnesota USA 55121
Long Term Employment
Job Description:
Skilled VMware Engineer with expert knowledge of automation for a large IT Scale environment needed to oversee the management as part of the virtualization team that supports a windows/linux environment. The ideal candidate will have a deep technical understanding of VMware vSphere (ESXi version 6 and above). The VMware Engineer will join a team of a major nationwide organization, with thousands of sites, to continually improve its complex multi-protocol nationwide network. Position is located in Eagan, MN. Telework not available.
Responsibilities:
Support the automated infrastructure that deploys VDeploy, implement and maintain VMware vSphere infrastructure.
Proactively identify and perform hardware and software upgrades
Assist with developing technical solutions for new business requirements
Monitoring system performance, troubleshooting network problems and outages.
Assist with developing system specification and operating instruction documents, best practice guides and revises existing system documentation and procedures to correct deficiencies.
Required Skills:
VMware experience in maintaining and upgrading ESXi hosts and Appliances. Must have comprehensive and in depth understanding of ESXi 6 and above.
Experience with large-scale virtualization (1000+VM) environments using technologies such as VMware vCenter, vSAN, vROps, vRealize Orchestrator, vLog Insight and PowerCli.
Required experience automation and scripting complex tasks using tools such as PowerShell, PowerCLI, UCS Powertools, Posh-SSH, Git, Python, and Chef. Experience working with Ansible and Puppet a plus.
Experience with Microsoft Windows server operating system 2008R2/2012 R2.
Experience with Linux (Red Hat) and/or similar Unix-based servers
Experience with VMware Horizon 7.x technology
Proficient with HP hardware to include Rack servers, Blade servers, ILO s, OA s and Virtual Connects.
Have in depth knowledge of networks / firewalls / SANs in regards to supporting virtual and physical server infrastructure
Experience in remediating vulnerabilities on the servers
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills
Desired Skills:
In-depth knowledge and understanding of AD.
Experience supporting data networks, firewalls and MS Active Directory
Excellent writing and presentation skills
Good understanding of Networking and experience in troubleshooting layer 1, 2, and 3 networking issues
EXPERIENCE LEVEL:
10+ years extensive experience in related IT operational functions
5+ years experience with VMWare ESX/ESXi 6.x Administration and support
3+ years experience with VMWare Horizon 6.x/7.x Administration and support
2+ years experience with scripting and automation
8+ years advanced troubleshooting and problem solving skills
5+ years advanced experience in both Linux/Windows environment with VMware engineering
EDUCATION:
Must possess a minimum of a Bachelor s Degree in Computer Science or Information Technology related field.
CERTIFICATIONS: (one required)
VCP and/or VCAP are required, in addition one or more certifications below are a plus:
VMware Certified Professional on VMware vSphere (VCP6)
VMware Certified Advanced Professional (VCAP)
In addition one or more certifications below are a plus
MCTS or MCIPT
CCNP
RHCE
AWS CSA
MCA Azure (Admin Associate or Dev Associate)

Thanks
Suresh G
Talent Acquisition Specialist
Northwest Software, Inc.

Permanent


Apply now

