Job Title = Enterprise Accounting Software Implementation Engineer

FlexiInternational Software, a 27-year old enterprise software company, has an immediate opening for an Implementation Engineer based in our Shelton, Connecticut, office. Remote candidates will be considered. Flexi develops commercial enterprise accounting applications for browser-based and client/server deployments.
Job Responsibilities
The Implementation Engineer will be responsible for installing and configuring financial accounting software for customers which are focused in the financial services and insurance industries. The Implementation Engineer will assess the customer’s accounting processes, configure the FlexiFinancials system with application settings to meet the customer’s need, assist with technical customer onboarding tasks and training of customer personnel. Project management skills are involved to keep the customer’s and Flexi’s personnel focus to achieve the system implementations on-time and within budget.
Attain subject matter expertise as it relates to the product offerings, including but not limited to: General Ledger, Accounts Payables, Accounts Receivables, Purchasing, Projects and Fixed Assets.
Willingness to participate in hands-on learning which is demonstrated through assisting other departments, especially Quality Assurance department.

Hands-on project execution including gathering and analyzing client requirements; determining best practice design of to-be-determined solution; configuring the application to meet the approved design; training client personnel and post-implementation support.

Be highly efficient and enthusiastic in all implementation tasks including but not limited to: project management, kick-off meetings, on-going internal and external meetings, design, review, implementation, training, status reports, etc.

Develop and nurture business relationships within our customer base to facilitate a sense of partnership with our customers as well as to promote additional services that will increase customer retention.

Document all implementation issues discovered; resolve and escalate said issues and follow up on critical issues to ensure customer satisfaction.

Minimal travel required on a national basis.
Required Qualifications
5+ years Enterprise Accounting software implementation experience, preferably mid to high-market financial accounting implementation experience, OR experience in a Finance IT function within a mid-size organization.
CPA or demonstrated accounting expertise is required.
Ability to understand customer business problems and processes; translate the defined customer needs into concise and clear requirements; and formulate the requirements into software solutions
Must work well as a team member and individually
Ability to manage multiple projects and tasks
Excellent interpersonal and communication (verbal and written) skills
Strong SQL skills (must be experienced at writing queries)
Experience with SQL Server, Crystal Reports, Oracle, Microsoft Access a plus
Experience with SharePoint a plus
Flexi provides excellent benefits including paid holidays and paid time off, a 401(k) plan with company participation, health and dental insurance, life and disability insurance, a vision discount plan and auto/homeowner insurance discount plan.
Only candidates under consideration will be contacted. Any offer of employment will be contingent upon positive background check. No phone calls, please. Principals Only.
Drug-free workplace. M/F/V/H EEO


Go to apply 

