Job Title = Software Engineer

"

Title: Software Engineer

Location: Jersey City, NJ or Glendale,CA

Duration: 1 year

8+ years Exp Required

Major Responsibilities:

Design and architect
software solution based on business requirements.

Work with
cross functional team members to develop prototype, produce design
artifacts, develop components, perform and support SIT and UAT
testing, triaging and bug fixing.

Produce high functioning,
testable code from software designs and specifications.

Design
and develop tests and test-automation suites.

Produce and
update software documentation.

Provide peer review of
engineering deliverables.

Present practical input for strategic
technology decisions.

Qualifications:

8 plus years
experience
developing large scale solutions in IT and enterprise
organizations.

Ability to develop software in Java, C#, NodeJS,
HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Spring Framework, ReactJ.

Experience
in relational databases such as SQL, non-relational databases such as
DynamoDB and ORM technologies such as Hibernate and Entity
Framework.

Experience with MVC, MVVM design patterns and Single
Page Applications

Strong DevOps focus and experience building
and deploying applications with automation tools.

Experience
building on AWS and cloud native design and architecture. Experience
building serverless applications on AWS a plus.

Experience with
container technologies such as Kubernetes or Docker.

Experience
with build automation technologies such as Maven or Jenkins.

Experience with test-driven development and automated testing
frameworks.

Experience with Scrum/Agile development
methodologies.

Excellent collaborative, communication,
interpersonal skills

Excellent analytical, technical
documentation and presentations skills

Ability to lean and
evaluate new tools, concepts, and challenges quickly.

BS degree
in Computer Science or Engineering, or equivalent job
experience.
Experience in compliance technology domain such as
anti-money laundering, sanction screening systems a plus.
- provided by Dice

Contractor


Go to apply 

