Job Title = Cloud Engineer - Azure

"

Cloud Engineer

Direct Hire

Wayne, NJ
Our client is seeking a Cloud Engineer who would be responsible for
architecting and developing cloud-native platforms on Azure & AWS,
virtual machines, containers, serverless, network, storage, security,
and platform services such as analytics, database, devops pipelines.
Other duties to include architect Integration Platform as a Service,
such as Mulesoft/Boomi; developing software defined strategies for
infrastructure management, application deployment, and services;
moving on-premise production and testing environments to the cloud and
providing continuous technical support to both internal and external
customers; daily management and maintenance of cloud-based infrastructure.

Requirements

Bachelor's degree and a minimum 7 years' related work experience.

Experience with cloud management frameworks.

Approximately 4-7 years of technical architecture experience.

Experience with Azure Resource Templates.

Implement security architectures for cloud cloud/hybrid systems.

One or more cloud platform certifications.

Extensive Python, CFT (JSON/YAML), Terraform skills for building
out automation and infrastructure as code.

Experience in standing up CICD pipeline, orchestration with
Jenkins/bamboo, code development in one of cm technologies with
chef, puppet, ansible.

Experience with Windows Server management (2012 r2, 2016).

Experience deploying web and service-based applications in
Windows/Linux environments.

Knowledge of network equipment/IOS: routing, switching, and firewalls.

Knowledge of network protocols such as: DNS, SMTP, SNMP, SSH, SFTP.

Strong understanding of networking (TCP/IP, OSI model), operating
system fundamentals (Windows, UNIX, mainframe), security
technologies (firewalls, IDS/IPS, etc.) and application
programming/scripting languages (C, Java, Perl, Shell).

Experience using Git, JIRA - Experience with Docker and container
orchestration (Kubernetes).

Experience with Management Suite (OMS), certificates and SSL management.

Experience with JavaScript Frameworks (Angular), RESTful APIs,
JSON and XML formats is a plus.

Great working knowledge of IP networking, VPN's, DNS, and load
balancing General understanding of CMS applications, .Net Framework
and/or .Net Core.

Experience with monitoring tools, such as Application Insights,
Microsoft Operations, Prometheus, Grafana and Splunk.

Strong Jenkins background and experience with Artifactory and
build pipelines.

Strong understanding of regulatory requirements and compliance
issues affecting clients related to privacy and data protection,
such as PCI DSS, GLBA, Basel II, EU Data Protection Directive,
International Cross Border, and U.S. State Data Privacy Laws.

Experience working with a variety of Banking IT software and
service providers preferred.

Azure Certification / AWS Certified Solutions Architect - provided by Dice

Full Time


Go to apply 

