Job Title = Performance Test engineer

"

Job title: Performance Test engineer

Location: Pleasanton, CA

Duration: Fulltime/Permanent

Responsibilities:

Must Have at least 6 years of experience in performance testing
with at least 5 years in writing Performance scripts in LoadRunner.

Ability to define and drive the performance test approach and
methodology for extensive enterprise web solutions

Experience in identifying and analyzing performance test
requirements and results to understand level of risk

Proficient in Load runner scripting with different protocol like
Http, HTML, Web Service, True web, Tru-Client, Citrix, etc.,

Proficient in JMeter and java script.

Strong knowledge in developing and analyzing performance issues.

Performance testing experience through DevOps pipe line.

Strong troubleshooting skills

Proficient in using monitoring tools like Dynatrace, nmon, Splunk,
SiteScope, IBM ISA tools for GC and Heap analysis, Wireshark, etc.,

Comfortable with the operating systems:
LINUX, UNIX, WINDOWS and
associated performance counters and navigation

Experience in writing Unix shell scripting is a plus

Comfortable with Web Services/API testing tools like SOAP UI &
Rest Client

Familiarity with Application servers like WebSphere, WebLogic
& Tomcat

Knowledge of Adobe experience manager is a plus

Qualifications:

Business requirement gathering
workload, throughput, SLA s

Developing the Test Plan Strategy, Test plan and Performance reports.

Developing/Enhancing the scripts using LoadRunner using different
LR protocols

Design Test Scenarios

Manages HP LoadRunner script design, development and inventory

Execute Performance test like stress, volume, load, capacity, long
duration and failover tests

Performance Tuning, Error Analysis & Publishing Test Results

Monitoring the tests and analyze the performance issues make
recommendations on how to fix the issues

Defect tracking and follow up with required stakeholders. Organize
and conduct defect triage meeting.

Should have strong experience in all phases of performance test
life cycle.

Ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously.

Ability and initiative to work independently.

Excellent verbal and written and listening communication skills.

Technology Stack

HP Performance Center 12.62

Load Runner 12.62

Jmeter

SOAPUI/RestClient

HP SiteScope, Dyna trace, Quest Foglight

Unix/Linux/Solaris/Windows

Adobe experience manager

DevOps pipeline, Jenkins, Github, Websphere/Portal/Tomcat/Axway
Reliable Software
is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Reliable
Software does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color,
sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, non-disqualifying
physical or mental disability, national origin, veteran status or any
other basis covered by appropriate law. All employment is decided on
the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need. - provided by Dice

Full Time


Go to apply 

