
Urgent direct client requirement for DevOps Engineer based in Princeton, NJ

Iris's client, a large insurance company, is currently searching for a strong for a DevOps Engineer based in Princeton, NJ to join their team.

Job title: DevOps Engineer
Location: Princeton, NJ
Duration: 24 months

Job description:

Description: Senior Build and Deployment Engineer:
Unix, Linux and Windows operating and scripting skills (Shell, Perl and PowerShell),strong Unix/Linux shell scripting, developing batch jobs, AutoSys Jobs.,
experience in GIT, Eclipse, ANT, Maven are necessary.
2 3 years of experience in handling AWS Cloud InfraStructure
2 3 Years of experience in Application Monitoring Dynatrace and Log monitoring SPLUNK.
easoned UNIX/Linux Shell scripting with Korn/Bash/Csh shells, experienced user of vi.
Good understanding of Jill and Auto Sys jobs.
3-5 years of experiences with Apache and JBoss Application Server Platform, including setup, configuration and maintenance.
5 year plus experiences with TCP/IP Network setup and troubleshoot;

The candidate must have significant experience with technologies listed below:
5 years plus of hands-on experiences with Red-Hat Linux systems, setting up and maintain programs on Linux platform.
2 3 years of experience in handling AWS Cloud InfraStructure
2 3 Years of experience in Application Monitoring Dynatrace and Log monitoring SPLUNK
Seasoned UNIX/Linux Shell scripting with Korn/Bash/Csh shells, experienced user of vi.
Good understanding of Jill and Auto Sys jobs.
3-5 years of experiences with Apache and JBoss Application Server Platform, including setup, configuration and maintenance.
5 year plus experiences with TCP/IP Network setup and troubleshoot;
Understanding and experiences with setting up SSL certificates on both server and client side for Java applications;
5 year plus experiences with Jenkins Continuous Integration Tool, including writing build scripts, pipeline jobs, system setup, configuration and maintenance.
5 years of working experience with Maven and ANT tools.
Experience (or extensive knowledge) with establishing Devops process is desirable.
Experiences with Git usages.
2 - 3 years of working Experiences with cloud platform, AWS experience is desirable.
5 year plus Experiences with Oracle Database connections and PL/SQL execution and troubleshooting;
Troubleshooting with large Java applications and debugging with Java log files;
Setting up Java applications with Linux and Windows Startup scripts with Java specific options
Extended Knowledge with Java programming and compiling of the Java applications, use of eclipse or JBoss IDE.
Excellent communication skills with the DBA, Engineering and Support groups and Developers.
The candidate must also have:
Good interpersonal skills to interact with clients and other technical staff.
Strong written and oral communication skills are essential.

Contract


Apply now

