Job Title = Skype Or Selenium Or Qa Or Automation jobs in Raleigh, NC, 27606

Marga Consulting  – 
Raleigh, NC, 27607
... * Create and maintain test automation framework using Selenium, Java, SQL and UNIX. * Suggest and implement improvements to the testing automation processes and tools. * Resolve day to day issues and provide solutions * Be QA subject matter expert ...
- Dice.com, Oct 09

Marga Consulting  – 
Raleigh, NC, 27607
... * Create and maintain test automation framework using Selenium, Java, SQL and UNIX. * Suggest and implement improvements to the testing automation processes and tools. * Resolve day to day issues and provide solutions * Be QA subject matter expert ...
- Dice, Oct 08

InfiCare Technologies  – 
Durham, NC
... deriving the good quality Test Cases, Test Scenarios, Test Data, Test Estimations, Test Execution and Test Automation (using Python, Selenium WebDriver, Selenium-Java) · 3+ years of actual Test Automation hands on experience using Python, Selenium ...
- Neuvoo, Oct 07

IT Automation LLC  – 
Cary, NC
... In our next training Batch, we are focused in Test Automation using Apache tools and related open source technologies. Please contact us for further information. Contact: Santhosh ) Course Content: Java Fundamentals Selenium IDE and Selenium Web ...
- ZipRecruiter, Sep 26

Deegit Inc  – 
Cary, NC, 27511
-Experience on automation testing, -Experience in healthcare domain, -Hands on experience/ Knowledge in Claims (Medicare/Medicaid) -Selenium, java, Automation testing.
- Sep 26

Aerotek, An Allegis Group Company  – 
Raleigh, NC
Job Summary QA Automation Engineer Our software team is looking for QA candidates to join a dynamic group of passionate ... as an end user - Strong troubleshooting Skills - API testing experience - Git/version control - Selenium automation
- Neuvoo, Oct 03

Cynet Systems  – 
Cary, NC
... life cycle in QA and experience in all phases of testing Must be an expert in the concepts of the test process. Strong experience in testing, defect tracking and reporting Exposure to test automation using tools like MF UFT, Selenium Exposure to ...
- Neuvoo, Sep 23

Experis  – 
Morrisville, NC, 27560
Experis IT is seeking an experienced Automation QA Tester. This Automation QA Tester will be working on a new Cloud-Based ... automation experience in Java/Ruby/Python/Perl language in a large scale project. Familiar with Java, Ruby, Selenium, ...
- Jobs2Careers, Oct 01

Tekniforce  – 
Raleigh, NC, 27601
... QA Automation Architect. This is a full time permanent hire position in Raleigh, North Carolina with our client. In this roe ... .NET Hands-on experience utilizing various UI automation technologies (Selenium, Ranorex, Coded UI, etc.) Strong knowledge ...
- Dice, Sep 27

Aerotek  – 
Raleigh, NC, 27603
... This team is looking for a QA Engineer to join a dynamic group of passionate engineers working on these products with the ... and generating test cases Strong Linux/Unix skills as an end user Git/version control Selenium automation Permanent
- Jobg8, Sep 28
