
SunView Software, Inc. is a leading provider of IT Service Management software that enables companies to better track, manage, and control their IT services and infrastructure. We are currently seeking a Technical Sales Engineer to help grow our expanding sales department.

Job Summary

The sales engineer works with customers to identify their needs and how SunView Software s products and services can help solve their problems. This position is both technical and sales oriented and has a solid understanding of enterprise processes and applications. The market segments include private and public companies in technology, manufacturing and other areas, government, healthcare and education.

Responsibilities
Establishing new, and maintaining existing, relationships with customers
Managing and interpreting customer requirements
Execute product demos, proof of values, RFP responses, and architecture diagrams/workflows
Persuading clients which product or service will best satisfy their needs
Meeting regular sales targets
Supporting marketing by attending trade shows, conferences and other marketing events
Making technical presentations and demonstrating how a product will meet client needs
Providing pre-sales technical assistance and product education
Liaising with other members of the sales team and other technical experts
Provide feedback to sales management, product management, engineering, and marketing on core customer requirements
Helping in the design of custom-made products
Providing training and producing support material for the sales team

BA/BS degree or equivalent related work experience preferred
Aptitude to learn new technologies and concepts rapidly
Excellent communication, interpersonal, and administrative skills
Effective and efficient problem-solving skills with a focus on providing the best possible solution
A passionate team player who strives to serve the customer
Previous experience in a similar technical sales or consulting role is a plus
Excellent objection handling, presentation and communication skills
Windows Server 2008 R2, 2012, 2012 R2
Good understanding and practical experience of Network topologies, Firewall / IPS / IDS technologies
VPN troubleshooting and ability to learn new VPN technologies
Understanding of Java, C#, IIS, AngularJS, JavaScript, HTML and .Net
Mobile Apps on different platforms (iOS, Android, Windows Mobile, etc.)
This is an inside sales position and does not involve outside field sales.

This position requires the candidate to work on-site in our Tampa office. Relocation assistance is not available.

We offer our employees a competitive compensation and benefits package within a dynamic and thriving culture that rewards individuals who are committed to professional success. If you meet the above requirements and are interested in the position, please submit your resume to [Click Here to Email Your Resum ] for immediate consideration.


Go to apply 

