Job Title = Cad Or Engineer Or Bim Or Ip Or Virtual jobs in Raleigh, NC, 27606

FDR Engineers, PLLC  – 
Durham, NC
This position will involve BIM/CAD drawings on various structural projects with an emphasis on light steel framing and the production of light steel framing shop drawings. Excellent verbal and written communication skills Solid background in the ...
- ZipRecruiter, Sep 23

IP Recruiter Group  – 
Raleigh, NC
Patent Attorney / IP Litigation Associate / NC 27606 2267 PLEASE APPLY OR INQUIRE HERE: IP RECRUITER GROUP is recruiting for ... and Appeal Board, remote, work from home, virtual office, telecommute, electrical engineer, mechanical, electromechanical, ...
- ZipRecruiter, Oct 03

IP Recruiter Group  – 
Raleigh, NC
... Relevant Terms: patent, IP, intellectual property, attorney, lawyer, counsel, associate, work from home, virtual office, home office, telework, telecommute, remote, electrical engineer, electronics, telecommunications, computers, software ...
- ZipRecruiter, Sep 28

Zentek Infosoft Inc.  – 
Wake Forest, NC
Description: MAX SUPPLIER RATE: $47.24 Operations Technician 2 Tuesday - Saturday 3:30pm until Midnight Job Functions: Monitor event alarms in multiple systems, raise request and perform basic diagnostics of the problem and dispatch using multiple...
- Ceipal, Oct 07

SPC Mechanical  – 
Raleigh, NC, 27601
... Entry level CAD experience. Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned. Provide detailed shop drawings as required of duct and piping for complete project, with time frames provided by project manager ...
- Jobg8, Oct 02

PriceSenz  – 
Wake Forest, NC
Monitor event alarms in multiple systems, raise request and perform basic diagnostics of the problem and dispatch using multiple dispatch systems. • Track major service outages and other service affecting activities. Advise inter-department groups...
- ZipRecruiter, Sep 25

Jones Lang LaSalle, IP, Inc  – 
Raleigh, NC
Performance of ongoing preventive and repair response work orders on facility mechanical, electrical and other installed systems, equipment, and other components. Maintain, operate, and repair all HVAC systems and associated equipment, electrical...
- Neuvoo, Sep 28

Jones Lang LaSalle, IP, Inc  – 
Durham, NC
The Chief Engineer will implement and manage the reliability-based maintenance function. The incumbent also executes equipment inspection and monitoring programs; defines and implements maintenance best practices to improve overall mechanical ...
- Neuvoo, Sep 26

IBM - North America  – 
Durham, NC, 27709
... Your Role and Responsibilities We are the IBM CIO Network engineering team and we are looking for an experienced IP Services ... CIODEM19 Required Technical and Professional Expertise Minimum 5 years of practical experience as a network engineer in ...
- Dice.com, Oct 07

IP Recruiter Group  – 
Raleigh, NC
Patent Attorney / Patent Agent / Remote / Small Book / NC 27606 2315 PLEASE APPLY OR INQUIRE HERE: IP RECRUITER GROUP is ...  semiconductors, nanotechnology, material science, engineer, engineering, biotech, biotechnology, molecular biology, ...
- ZipRecruiter, Oct 04
