
Software Guidance & Assistance, Inc., (SGA), is searching for an IAM Engineer for a Contract assignment with one of our premier Automotive clients in Sandy Springs, GA.

Responsibilities :
Support Identity Management solution
Development of the IAM standards and roadmap as well as the creation and maintenance of technical design and process documentation
Facilitate IAM initiatives with the ability to work independently
Provide guidance for IAM processes and solutions to business and IT partners
Create and maintain documentation as it relates to IAM designs, configurations, processes, and requirements
Collaborate with business and IT stakeholders to assess near and long-term IAM needs
Develop and maintain partnerships with product vendor to ensure that service levels are understood and met
Required Skills:
3+ years' experience in integrating security and IAM products in mid to large enterprises
2+ years of experience across a variety of technologies such databases, directory services, application servers, network infrastructures, Linux operating systems, and an understanding of fundamental security and data flows within these components
1-5 years RSA IG&L (Aveksa) experience
2+ years of experience with requirements, design, implementation, integration, and testing for IAM component integration into on premise and cloud-based applications
2+ years of experience with managing and operating Unix or Linux based operating systems
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Preferred Skills:
Experience with the AFX module
SGA is a Certified Women's Business Enterprise (WBE) celebrating over thirty years of service to our national client base for both permanent placement and consulting opportunities. For consulting positions, we offer a variety of benefit options including but not limited to health & dental insurance, paid vacation, timely payment via direct deposit. SGA accepts transfers of H1 sponsorship for most contracting roles. We are unable to sponsor for Right-to-Hire, Fulltime, or Government roles. All parties authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply for all roles. Only those authorized to work for government entities will be considered for government roles. Please inquire about our referral program if you would like to submit a candidate for any of our open or future job opportunities. SGA is an EEO employer. We encourage Veterans to apply. To view all of our available job postings and/or to learn more about SGA please visit us online at .

Contract


Go to apply 

