Job Title = Integration and Test Engineer

SENIOR SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT ENGINEER IN TEST
This role will lead the software verification and validation activities for next generation of portable diagnostics platforms product software and non-product software in one or more projects.
This job description will be reviewed periodically and is subject to change by management.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Create automated testing solutions from technical designs, specifications, and requirements at sub-system and system level.
Implement automated metrics.
Develop and execute automation test protocols.
Support reliability testing activities through automation.
Develop innovative methods to find solutions and improve quality, test efficiency, and regression coverage.
Reports and documents software defects, collaborates with the cross functional teams to resolve them and provide input on issues that impact product performance and system stability
Participate in scrum meetings and follow internal software development, cyber security, and validation procedures that comply with medical and security regulations.
Validate the configuration, functionality, and user interface of automation tools and frameworks.
Understands and is aware of the quality consequences which may occur from the improper performance of their specific job; has awareness of device defects that may occur in their area of responsibility, including product design, verification and validation, manufacturing and testing activities
Responsible for exhibiting professional behavior with both internal/external business associates that reflects positively on the company and is consistent with the company’s policies and practices; build productive internal/external working relationships
Carries out duties in compliance with established business policies
Other duties as assigned, according to the changing needs of the business
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent (MS Preferred)
Experience in delivering products for the Medical Device industry (IVD industry preferred).
5+ years of experience and strong technical competency in testing or development using Python, C# or similar languages.
5+ years of experience as a software test engineer verifying complex embedded systems.
3+ years of experience with tools such as Jira, Confluence, Github, Gerrit, Jenkins, or other industry leading toolsets.
3+ years of experience creating and maintaining traceability, test coverage, and defect trends metrics.
2+ years of experience working in an Agile environment.
Experience testing software in RTOS environments (e.g. Windows Embedded Compact/CE, QNX, Linux/Ubuntu Embedded, and VxWorks).
Knowledge of authentication protocols and cybersecurity.
Knowledge of Medical Device regulations (ISO 13485, ISO 14971, IEC 62304, 21 CFR part 820.30-Design Controls, FDA SW Guidelines).
Familiarity with communications: Wi-Fi, Ethernet, Wireless, Bluetooth, TCP/IP.
Very strong written, verbal, interpersonal and presentation skills.
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Experience developing automation frameworks.
Experience developing automated metrics.
Experience automating testing throughout the entire software development lifecycle using various software testing practices (black box testing, risk based testing, integration testing, system testing, regression testing, exploratory testing).
Familiar with testing of healthcare communication protocols (e.g. ASTM, HL7, POCT1A).
COMPETENCIES:
Continually develops his/her own skillset.
Acts ethically and takes accountability for achieving outcomes.
Avoids getting stuck in a "one right way" approach – remains open minded to new ideas.
Promptly and effectively handles issues and problems.


Go to apply 

