Job Title = Cisco Or Ccna Or Avaya Or Voice Or Wan jobs in Raleigh, NC, 27606

Avaya Inc  – 
Durham, NC
... High level knowledge of LAN technologies (CCNA preferred) PMP (Project Management Professional) Certification required. ITIL® Foundation certification preferred Knowledge of Avaya Unified Communications and Contact Center solutions is considered a ...
- Neuvoo, Oct 08

TEKsystems  – 
Durham, NC, 27703
This team is looking for an SD-WAN engineer to work across multiple geographic regions supporting some of Cisco's newest ... vManage, Nexus switches, Catalyst family and Variants of Cisco UCS * CCNA certification or higher * Software experience, ...
- Jobs2Careers, Oct 06

TEKsystems  – 
Durham, NC, 27701
This team is looking for an SD-WAN engineer to work across multiple geographic regions supporting some of the newest ... vManage, Nexus switches, Catalyst family and Variants of Cisco UCS * CCNA certification or higher * Software experience, ...
- Dice, Oct 08

Cisco  – 
RTP, NC
... CCNA R&S or relevant experience + You have knowledge in (2) platform area specific to customer space and in (3) of the following and strong knowledge in all other areas: IP internetworking, LAN Switching, Routing, IP Telephony, CDN, Optical. WAN ...
- DE Jobs, Sep 27

TEKsystems  – 
Durham, NC, 27701
This team is looking for an SD-WAN engineer to work across multiple geographic regions supporting some of Cisco's newest ... vManage, Nexus switches, Catalyst family and Variants of Cisco UCS * CCNA certification or higher * Software experience, ...
- Dice, Oct 04

PriceSenz  – 
Wake Forest, NC
... • Experience with Cisco VoIP, Telepresence and Avaya VoIP systems. • Experience with use of Microsoft Office Excel, Word and SharePoint. • Valid Cisco CCENT, CICD or CCNA Voice or CCNA Collaboration certification. • ITIL 2011 certification
- ZipRecruiter, Sep 23

Verizon Wireless  – 
Cary, NC, 27511
... Major Responsibilities include: Provide Cisco UCC architectural & design oversight and life cycle engineering with the steady state Verizon team for a large integrated customer Cisco Voice & Data Networking infrastructure. Responsible for ...
- Jobs2Careers, Oct 03

Cisco  – 
Durham, NC, 27709
... including frequently extra activities supporting the migration from customer's third party solutions to Cisco's solutions. ...  years of experience in technical consulting or direct customer interfacing/engagement role + CCNA R&S/CCNP Highly desired. ...
- Nexxt, Oct 05

Cisco  – 
Durham, NC, 27703
Who We Are The Global Enterprise Segment (GES) of Cisco's Customer Experience (CX) organization is looking for a skilled ... telecommunications industry or min 7-10 years managing LAN and/or WAN network implementation projects and/or Collaboration ...
- Jobs2Careers, Oct 09

Avaya, Inc.  – 
Durham, NC, 27701
... * High level knowledge of LAN technologies (CCNA preferred) * PMP (Project Management Professional) Certification required. * ITIL® Foundation certification preferred * Knowledge of Avaya Unified Communications and Contact Center solutions is ...
- StartwireL2, Sep 09
