Job Title = Embedded Test Engineer DeerPark, IL

"

Title: Embedded Test Engineer

Location : DeerPark, IL

Duration : 12+ Months of Contract

Education Qualification: Bachelor's Degree in
Computer Science, Information Technology (IT), or closely related
field. Master s in Computer Science or related degree

Job Description

Execute Product Software Testing activities in an Agile/SAFe environment.

Develop and run test cases for telematic products

Support SW team in debug and reproducing issue

Create end to end system testcases

Studying and analysis of requirement and specification documents
as well as architecture and design documentation of complex
Telematics Systems

Create test cases based on system documents and flow charts to
ensure that the entire system is validated; this includes the
execution of Happy Path user flow as well as discovering edge cases
and potential error scenarios

Document the execution of test cases and maintain a Requirements
Traceability Matrix

Analyze component, vehicle, telecom network, and back-end network
logs to confirm system performance using proprietary logging or
common network/telecom tools

Bachelor s Degree in Engineering.

Excellent written and verbal communication skills.

Knowledge and working experience with git, gerrit, jenkins, JIRA
and Confluence.

Experience conducting automotive HMI, feature, system, Bluetooth,
cellular, telematics, infotainment, or component communication testing

Understanding of Cellular Communications (GSM, CDMA, LTE, etc.)

Knowledge of simulation tools such as MATLAB, CANoe, LabVIEW or dspace

Experience with Qualcomm tools such as QXDM, QCAT, and QPST

Significant aptitude or interest in complex testing processes

Software and/or hardware testing knowledge

Knowledge of Automotive CAN and Ethernet a plus

Experience with Vector tools.

Automotive test experience preferred.

Travel will be required (mostly domestic travel)

Valid driver s license.
Contact Details:
Name: Harishkumar
Email ID:
Phone number:

Reliable Software is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Reliable
Software does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color,
sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, non-disqualifying
physical or mental disability, national origin, veteran status or any
other basis covered by appropriate law. All employment is decided on
the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need.
- provided by Dice

Contractor


Go to apply 

