
Here at Ultimate Software, we truly put our people first. We strongly believe in teamwork, and we encourage and trust our people to reach higher, learn more, and live up to their potential. Ultimate is ranked #1 on Fortune's Best Places to Work in Technology for 2019 and #8 on the 100 Best Companies to Work For list in 2019. Ultimate is also ranked #1 on Fortune s 75 Best Workplaces for Women and #5 on its Best Workplaces for Diversity list.

Primary/Essential Duties and Key Responsibilities:

Works proactively with members of project team to find & fix software defects
Communicates with product owner in creating acceptance tests
Writes automated tests at the unit, services, integration and UI layers
Performs test execution and results analysis
Debugs, troubleshoots and works with team members to resolve software defects
Creates reports that describe detected defects and possible causes
Provides feedback on product solutions, tools and other technical software features
Writes SQL code to verify test results

Required Qualifications:

(Knowledge, Skills and Abilities)

Must have a bachelor s degree in a computer or engineering field (or foreign earned equivalent degree) plus at least 60 months of work experience that included writing and testing code in an object-oriented language at the unit, integration and system levels; building test automation frameworks using automated testing tools and continuous integration; white-box testing and writing SQL code. Testing required.

This job description has been written to provide an accurate reflection of the current job and to include the general nature of work performed. It is not designed to contain a comprehensive detailed inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of the employees assigned to the job. Management reserves the right to revise the job or require that other or different tasks be performed when circumstances change.

Ultimate Software will reasonably accommodate employees with disabilities as defined by the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and other appropriate statutes. If you are an applicant and need a reasonable accommodation when applying for job opportunities within the Company or request a reasonable accommodation to utilize the Company s online employment application, please contact .

#IND123

Permanent


Go to apply 

