Job Title = Systems Engineer

Software Guidance & Assistance, Inc., (SGA), is searching for a Systems Engineer for a Contract assignment with one of our premier Financial Services clients in Raleigh, NC.

Responsibilities :
Day-to-day operational maintenance of Cyber Security agents and any associated backend infrastructure, including system administration tasks
Automating Windows-based tasks using Powershell
Writing code (in Powershell or Python) to interact with APIs of the deployed solutions
Document test plans and test results
Document solutions in wiki
Maintain relevant industry, information security, and technical knowledge
Required Skills:
5+ years of experience and excellent skills in the following:
Excellent Powershell development skills, including experience working with APIs and source code management
Excellent systems administration skills on Windows
Technical solution design, implementation, and integration experience in enterprise environments, preferably with information security software
Packaging and package integration on Windows
Decent working knowledge of Linux
SGA is a Certified Women's Business Enterprise (WBE) celebrating over thirty years of service to our national client base for both permanent placement and consulting opportunities. For consulting positions, we offer a variety of benefit options including but not limited to health & dental insurance, paid vacation, timely payment via direct deposit. SGA accepts transfers of H1 sponsorship for most contracting roles. We are unable to sponsor for Right-to-Hire, Fulltime, or Government roles. All parties authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply for all roles. Only those authorized to work for government entities will be considered for government roles. Please inquire about our referral program if you would like to submit a candidate for any of our open or future job opportunities. SGA is an EEO employer. We encourage Veterans to apply. To view all of our available job postings and/or to learn more about SGA please visit us online at .

Permanent


Go to apply 

