Job Title = Software QA Engineer

Software Guidance & Assistance, Inc., (SGA), is searching for an Software QA Engineer for a Contract assignment with one of our premier consumer services clients in Bellevue, WA. As an Engineer, should have ability to read and interpret technical languages (i.e JavaScript, C++, etc).

Responsibilities :
Responsible maintaining scalable and distributed test frameworks to make functional engineer life easier
Responsible for testing a feature by reviewing the code changes, executing test scenarios and match with the requirements
Responsible for driving test analysis through test suite code coverage and data analysis
Responsible for identifying infrastructure related issues and propose solutions for the same
Responsible for setting best practices on test operations
Responsible for interacting with automation engineers to fix issues on test framework and enhancing the framework to support requested features
Responsible for diagnosing complex production issues, which cannot be repro-ed by the Functional QA Engineers
Responsible for writing scripts for testing the performance and load of the applications
Required Skills:
Bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Science or related field
8+ years of testing experience
Knowledge of scripting languages
Ability to effectively articulate technical challenges and solutions
Ability to deal with ambiguous problems and think abstractly
Knowledge of Internet/Web Technologies is must
Excellent debugging skills in C++, C#, Java or Javascript
Excellent problem solving skills
Good understanding of OOPS concepts
Good oral and written communication skills
Experience in database queries and knowledge on NOSQL platforms
Experience in test automation and strategy design over distributed systems
Experience in solving/debugging issues from Production systems by coordinating with remote teams across different vertical (QA, Dev, PM and Ops)s
Understanding of automation tests with stub and mocked data from integrated systems
SGA is a Certified Women's Business Enterprise (WBE) celebrating over thirty years of service to our national client base for both permanent placement and consulting opportunities. For consulting positions, we offer a variety of benefit options including but not limited to health & dental insurance, paid vacation, timely payment via direct deposit. SGA accepts transfers of H1 sponsorship for most contracting roles. We are unable to sponsor for Right-to-Hire, Fulltime, or Government roles. All parties authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply for all roles. Only those authorized to work for government entities will be considered for government roles. Please inquire about our referral program if you would like to submit a candidate for any of our open or future job opportunities. SGA is an EEO employer. We encourage Veterans to apply. To view all of our available job postings and/or to learn more about SGA please visit us online at .

Permanent


Go to apply 

