
Software Guidance & Assistance, Inc., (SGA), is searching for an Trader Voice Engineer for a Contract assignment with one of our premier Financial Services clients in New York, NY.

Responsibilities :
You will be required to create designs, and /or certify trader voice platforms enabling the firm to deploy nextgen Voice architectures.
You will have extensive experience with trading floor environment and voice infrastructures including BT ITS trading turrets, Speakerbus iSeries intercom, Nice voice recording, private wire technologies, hoot and holler infrastructure, and trading floor voice API's.
You should also be capable of performing design evaluations/ certifications and lead the effort for strategic initiatives.
Required Skills:
Extensive experience in configuring, supporting, and fault diagnosis of BT ITS Trading turrets and associated backroom technology.
Extensive experience in configuring, supporting, and fault diagnosis of IPC Unigy systems and IQMAX turrets and associated backroom technology.
Extensive experience in configuring, supporting, and fault diagnosis of Speakerbus iSeries SIP intercom and associated backroom technology.
Extensive experience in configuring, supporting, and fault diagnosis of Nice NTR voice recording and Nice Fusion.
Extensive experience with deploying carrier private wire solutions such as IPC EVS.
Experience with hoot and holler technologies, including channel bank, Cisco dial peers, and SIP IP hoot bridges.
Ability to lead product evaluations of new trading floor voice technologies.
Wireshark knowledge and skills are essential.
Working knowledge of the SIP protocol
Working knowledge of cloud based solutions
Working knowledge of the H323 protocol suite
Working knowledge of the TCP/IP protocol suite
Experience with the creation and presentation of documentation as it relates to designs, certifications, and evaluations.
Education Level: Bachelor's Degree
Preferred Skills:
Ability to understand Application Programming Interfaces as they relate to trading floor voice CRM applications is a plus.
Experience with PBX vendors such as Avaya Communication Manager, Avaya Session Manager, Cisco Unified Communications Manager, and Cisco Session Management Edition is a plus.
Any background knowledge of Data network infrastructures & components including quality of service standards, deployments & support would be beneficial
SGA is a Certified Women's Business Enterprise (WBE) celebrating over thirty years of service to our national client base for both permanent placement and consulting opportunities. For consulting positions, we offer a variety of benefit options including but not limited to health & dental insurance, paid vacation, timely payment via direct deposit. SGA accepts transfers of H1 sponsorship for most contracting roles. We are unable to sponsor for Right-to-Hire, Fulltime, or Government roles. All parties authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply for all roles. Only those authorized to work for government entities will be considered for government roles. Please inquire about our referral program if you would like to submit a candidate for any of our open or future job opportunities. SGA is an EEO employer. We encourage Veterans to apply. To view all of our available job postings and/or to learn more about SGA please visit us online at .
- provided by Dice

Contractor


Go to apply 

