Job Title = LTE Wireless Test Engineer

Software Guidance & Assistance, Inc., (SGA), is searching for a LTE Wireless Test Engineer for a Contract assignment with one of our premier Consumer Products clients in Plano, TX.

Responsibilities :
Development of product validation, feature validation, systems, and performance analysis, customer review sessions for LTE RAN products focusing on Air interface, E2E performance, and Call Processing.
Analyze the product and feature requirements, converting them into system test cases and execution to ensure product meets customer spec.
Aid in product & feature performance analysis, evaluation of new product & SW releases
Perform detailed analysis of 4G Wireless Protocols
Analyze and troubleshooting the issues
Educate our customers on company's new products and services both individually and in a team environment.
Ensure that customer commitments are achieved according to plan.
Works closely with various support organizations, logistics, and cross-functional teams from SEA and company HQ to achieve successful new product roll-outs and developments.
Make professional technical sales presentations in writing, through email, reports, or orally, to an audience of high technical skills, management, and operational experience.
Required Skills:
Bachelor's Degree in EE/CS is required
Technical Acumen
Validation expert in driving the technical solutions to customer through complex organizational dynamics
Leveraging your ability to communicate effectively with all levels of organization as well as HQ partners on initiatives
Excellence Dealing with Ambiguity
Bringing your experience in problem-solving and ability to navigate complex organizations with pivotal shifts
Good understanding of LTE concepts such as DL/UL scheduling, LTE power control, Beamforming fundamentals, MIMO.
Experience with ongoing 3GPP Relactivities is beneficial
Experience with system testing activities such as feature validation, test description documentation, parameter optimization, performance analysis, test strategy creation, problem troubleshooting
Strong knowledge in 4G air interface and call processing technologies and network architecture specifically focused on Radio Access Network
Good understanding of overall Wireless systems with emphasis on PHY, MAC, RLC, RRC and PDCP layers
Experience with SW development is beneficial
Understanding of 3GPP systems: Core and RAN networks
Understanding of HW as well as SW architecture
Undergraduate Degree in engineering with 10-12 years of directly related experience is required. A Masters with 10+ years' experience is preferred
Ability to travel sporadically during the project
Knowledge in 5G air interface and call processing technologies is a plus.
Ability to plan, organize and prioritize multiple projects, sales, and simultaneous performance objectives.
Work independently in determining one's personal work schedule to be productive.
Work in a team environment, in order to achieve personal and team project milestones and to complete assignments within established time frames.
Accept tasks and problems/situations that differ, requiring creativity to search for optimal solutions, when only broad and general guidelines exist for solving problems. The ability to utilize implied knowledge of task alternatives and to make spontaneous decisions using past experience and the guidance and/or successful experiences of others.
Demonstrated ability to interact at multiple levels within customer organizations. Negotiate with and convince others, in a potentially adversarial environment, including customer directors, managers, and staff with opposing views to accept/approve plans, technical and project recommendations.
Ability to achieve results within established time frames and requirements. Develop accurate proposals and designs to meet customer needs.

SGA is a Certified Women's Business Enterprise (WBE) celebrating over thirty years of service to our national client base for both permanent placement and consulting opportunities. For consulting positions, we offer a variety of benefit options including but not limited to health & dental insurance, paid vacation, timely payment via direct deposit. SGA accepts transfers of H1 sponsorship for most contracting roles. We are unable to sponsor for Right-to-Hire, Fulltime, or Government roles. All parties authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply for all roles. Only those authorized to work for government entities will be considered for government roles. Please inquire about our referral program if you would like to submit a candidate for any of our open or future job opportunities. SGA is an EEO employer. We encourage Veterans to apply. To view all of our available job postings and/or to learn more about SGA please visit us online at . - provided by Dice

Contractor


Go to apply 

