
Software Resources has an immediate job opportunity for a Sr. Site Reliability Engineer in Glendale, CA.

18 month contract

Description:
The Site Reliability Engineer within the Retail Technology team will focus on improving our systems availability, increasing our tooling & automation, and maturing our operations bringing a bias toward proactive data driven solutions. The Senior Site Reliability Engineer is responsible for creating automation for deployments and for maintenance, expanding observability of the environment, participating in infrastructure build out design and automation and identifying and resolving issues across environments and building in resiliency and performance to our supported platforms.

Responsibilities:
Manage architecture artifacts and delivery strategy for engineering solutions
Adhere to tooling development standards and prescriptions
Participate in implementation of complex engineering solutions across Retail Technologies
Ensure deliverables are high quality and sustainable
Challenge the status quo through intellectual curiosity and natural inquisitiveness to look beyond the obvious for continuous improvement opportunities
Manage and appropriately escalate delivery impediments, risks, issues, and changes tied to the engineering initiatives to the stakeholders
Identify recurring problems and build the tools and processes to prevent problems from recurring
Build the tools and processes to help quickly triage issues and identify the component(s) that need to be fixedQualifications:
Experience programming in one or more of: Python, Perl, Ruby, Java, Go, Rust or C
Knowledge of UNIX systems and/or systems administration background
Experience with automation and configuration management tools like Rundeck, Chef, Puppet etc.
Understanding of observability principles (monitoring, logging, tracing, alerting), tools and practices that promote observability
Experience with CI/CD pipelines and processes
Trouble-shooting skills that span systems, network, and code
Experience managing a large-scale distributed application environments
Experience managing production container environments and cloud deployments
Excellent written and verbal communications; ability to develop and deliver presentationsEducation:
BA/BS pref.

Don't delay. Join the Software Resources team today!
Software Resources specializes in connecting talented IT professionals with challenging job opportunities that transform jobs into careers.
To meet our clients hiring needs, we continuously source talented IT Professionals with all levels of expertise and in all disciplines. We offer world class major medical, dental and vision benefits, 401(k) with match, short term disability, Life Insurance and AD&D. You, our future employees, can make a tremendous difference to our company and our clients. Please apply to this job and experience the Software Resources difference. You can view all of our jobs at

Company Overview
Software Resources is a national staffing and recruitment firm delivering the best candidates to our clients and the best jobs to our candidates since 1992.
We are a certified woman owned business in business to place contract, contract-to-hire, and direct-hire talent in Technology (IT, creative, marketing), finance, accounting, and executive-level positions. We serve many vertical markets including Entertainment/Media, Cruise Industry/Leisure travel, Hospitality, Government, Personal Care, Professional Services, Energy/Utilities, Security, and Financial Services.

Headquartered in Lake Mary, FL in the Orlando metro area, we have branches and sales professionals across the US. Wherever you're located and whatever the need, count on Software Resources to provide exceptional candidates who are fully vetted and ready to go. Call or visit us online at and leave the recruiting to us!


Go to apply 

