
Were looking for humble, but ambitious, razor-sharp Engineering Leader who can teach us a thing or two. We promise to return the favor. Like us, you take product development, API, Analytics and ML or AI platform engineering seriously; youre passionate about technology and, even more so, about leadership. We embrace those who see things differently, arent afraid to experiment, and who have a healthy disregard for constraints. Thats where you come in. We are currently seeking an Engineering Leader to drive technical vision and provide leadership for multiple teams of engineers and other creators in an innovative and fast paced environment. Our selection process will emphasize technical and architectural skills as well as leadership/management/SDLC process/organizational skills equally. The ideal candidate must be a master of their domain. Furthermore, the ideal candidate must be able to inspire, champion and teach when the need arises. We are looking for someone whos is equally comfortable leading by influence or authority. Lastly, we are looking for a rare mix of intelligence, integrity, domain knowledge, verbal agility, and diplomacy which allows you to rapidly earn the trust of technically astute engineers and product astute product management leaders.

Why We Need This Role
We are looking for a leader to help us build out a portal of tools, services and workflows that our Capacity Partners will leverage as they establish and manage their respective partnerships with us and help us turn clients ideas into a fully functioning software. This includes everything from partner client contract execution to dashboards as well as creator assessment and onboarding tools and tools that allow partners to manage rates or availability of their respective creators. We want to do this to enable our partners to leapfrog their fiscal and operational efficiency as well as their stickiness with us.

Why You Should Join
This is a challenging and diverse role that requires you to build both, an organization and new generation of Builder product, nearly from the ground up. Only join this role if you are craving rapid growth, able to create a path in unchartered territory, and comfortable with trying, failing and course-correcting fast.

First Six Month Deliverables
Develop and execute strategy for horizontally scalable development of Builder Hive
Transform Builder Hive into modularized application which can be maintained and grown semi-autonomously
Grow / transform Builder Hive team to be capable of parallelized (a minimum of 4 largely autonomous teams) development efforts
Significantly streamline creators onboarding and assessment tools and workflows
Achieve greater level of quality and fault tolerance through the implementation of hard enforced CI/CD automation, containerization and pipelines & IDE creation and orchestration for all projects / teams
Requirements
Passionate about loosely held values and ideas. We want someone who has experience but is not blinded by the path already taken.
10 plus years solid experience in back end open source based technologies, including at least 4 - 5 years in Ruby or RoR cloud based ecosystems
4 plus years solid experience as a technical lead, including at least 2 years in large scale platform environment
CS degree required or equivalent work experience
Solid procedural and object oriented Software Engineering fundamentals
3 plus years of relevant experience managing fast-paced and dynamic Scrum team
A proven track record of senior level software engineering and architecture accomplishments in a high-capacity, large-scale, internet-based product platform
Capable of technical deep-dives, yet verbally and cognitively agile enough to hold their own in a strategy discussion with senior technical or product leadership
Comfortable recruiting a team of very bright, experienced engineers capable of working on projects and at scale unlike any other they've encountered
Very experienced with Agile / Scrum methodologies
Outstanding communication skills, both written and oral
Expert understanding of RoR framework
Solid understanding of AWS services
Solid experience with containerized applications and serverless functions
Strong understanding of and experience with testing practices
Strong automation and CI / CD experience
Pivotal Tracker or Jira, Docker, CI/CD, GitHub tools experience, some would say you are a master
Some experience collaborating with ML/AI teams
Experience in data-driven environments
Benefits
Health and Wellness benefits including competitive medical, dental, and vision plans
Performance-based bonuses and stock options
Generous vacation and time off benefits including paid holidays
Generally flexible working hours
Working in a beautiful office space the heart of Silicon Beach in Playa Vista
A collaborative culture where unconventional thinkers come together to solve interesting problems and having fun while doing it
Mission-driven company that is making the world a better place


Go to apply 

