
Qualifications:
Sr./Lead DevOps Engineer The Clientof San Francisco has a fantastic opportunity for a Sr./Lead DevOps Engineer to join our IT department. Our team is the middleware/DevOps team of the SF Fed. We leverage the latest tools and technologies such as AWS and cloud solutions to support local San Francisco implementations, as well as efforts across the entire Client. Our work is exciting, and it supports project teams that are literally building the "Central Bank of the future . Our team takes pride in offering a white glove high touch experience to our customers, and our philosophy is to identify your strengths, and then play to them. Are you a strong consultant to your customers? Is it in your DNA to always consider alternate solutions, or suggest tools that might have been overlooked? Do you enjoy streamlining process, and inventing better faster ways of doing things? If you want to be enabled to do your best work in support of challenging, meaningful projects, but still want to enjoy a work life balance, then we could be an ideal fit for you. Essential Responsibilities: As our Sr./Lead DevOps Engineer you will use your knowledge, experience, and problem solving skills to support our customers throughout the Client. You will work to continually improve and enhance our processes, and to drive efficiency and automation for our customers. You will keep up to date on the latest trends and tools, such as cloud operations and containerization, and use these skills to help migrate us to the next generation cloud infrastructure. " You will demonstrate a commitment to customer service and provide our customers with strong guidance and advice on their implementations. " You will leverage your strong knowledge and experience of CI/CD process. " You will diagnose and resolve technical issues. " You will implement, integrate, and maintain the critical infrastructure for our DevOps environment. " You have a desire to learn new technologies and continuously grow your skill set to maintain your role as a subject matter expert on DevOps tools, techniques, process and best practices. Requirements: " Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or other related technical degree, or equivalent experience " At Sr. level, typically requires five or more years of relevant technical or business work experience with three years of experience in managing complex systems; at Lead level, typically requires seven or more years of relevant technical or business work experience with five years of experience in managing complex systems using. " General familiarity with networking, security and automated deployments is required. " Extensive hands-on experience with configuration/build/release tools such as Jenkins and Maven. " Experience with the Linux operating system and bash scripting. " Knowledgeable with source control tools like Git, BitBucket, Subversion, or AWS CodeCommit. " Familiarity with binary/artifact repositories like Maven, Nexus, Artifactory, etc. " Experience with Agile tools such as Jira or VersionOne.

Responsibilities:
Desired (helpful but not required) skills: " Hands-on experience with containerization platforms and tools like Docker, OpenShift, and Kubernetes. " Experience with cloud technologies and infrastructure - AWS, AWS CLI, Terraform, Cloud Formation. " Ability to create automation scripts with Python. " Understanding of DevSecOps and security scanning tools (for OSS, Static/Dynamic Code Analysis, and Code Quality). " Familiarity with the application development process and basic exposure to IDEs and languages such as Java. " Familiarity with the Selenium testing framework. " Administration of runtime environment platforms - Tomcat, Apache HTTPd, WebSphere, etc. " Experience with monitoring tools - SolarWinds, Nagios, etc. " Exposure to configuration management tools such as Chef, Ansible, or Puppet. " The successful candidate must be a U.S. Citizen, U.S. National, or hold a permanent resident status/ green card with intent to become a U.S. Citizen. At the Clientof San Francisco we believe in the diversity of our people, ideas, and experiences and are committed to building an inclusive culture that is representative of the communities we serve. The Clientof San Francisco is an Equal Opportunity Employer.


Go to apply 

