Job Title = Telecom Quality Engineer

Software Guidance & Assistance, Inc., (SGA), is searching for an Quality Engineer for a Contract assignment with one of our premier Consumer Products clients in Plano, TX.

Responsibilities :
Execute the DFIT Test Plan including the Legacy CDMA Test cases and also the VOLTE Test Plan including call Processing and Data Tput .
Execution of 911 Related test cases
Execution of the test plans using Qualcomm tools, primary log analysis for upper layers which includes registration procedures, RLF KPI Analysis, Data Tput KPI analysis .
Reporting the Issues on client Internal QC system and work with R&D if required to get the complete fix /Analysis for this issue.
Testing includes to be on field for ~3-4 Days of the week executing the Domestic Field Plan.
Collaborate closely with other team members and departments
Detect and track software defects and inconsistencies
Execute field and mobility driving test cases for Development and MR projects
Prepare devices for testing in field (software, applicable test tools, etc)
Create new test routes or revise existing infra based on new network features and changes
Report any defects and draft issues for review and register
Report on daily basis detailed field test results
Perform a root cause analysis and assign issues for development
Log analysis ability will be a huge plus
Required Skills:
FIT Team requires to have the knowledge for Qualcomm tools like QXDM, QCAT, QPST, Snapper.
KPI Analysis using tools like Xcap and Qcat .
Basic knowledge for SIP call flow, TCP Protocols and OSI Model and Wireshark tool is needed.
Additional skills can include to have the knowledge for Scripting language like Python and Perl.
Additional knowledge and understanding for 3GPP Spec for RRC layers, NAS Timers is benefit.
Previous experience with Spirent/Metrico tools such as NOMAD, MUSE, and Datum is needed.
Should be a team player and should have good communication skill to communicate with different group within client and also if required need to work with carriers .
Needs to have hands on experience with different testing tools and some basic knowledge for analysis.
Need to be comfortable to be on the field for majority of the time of the week executing the test cases.
A skilled or highly-skilled specialist that completes tasks in resourceful and effective ways.
Bachelor's degree in engineering required.
0-2 years experience required.
Ability to handle multiple requests simultaneously
Ability to work in a fast paced environment with minimal supervision
Critical thinker and problem-solving skills
Team player
Good time management skills
Great interpersonal and communication skills
Travel required 60%
SGA is a Certified Women's Business Enterprise (WBE) celebrating over thirty years of service to our national client base for both permanent placement and consulting opportunities. For consulting positions, we offer a variety of benefit options including but not limited to health & dental insurance, paid vacation, timely payment via direct deposit. SGA accepts transfers of H1 sponsorship for most contracting roles. We are unable to sponsor for Right-to-Hire, Fulltime, or Government roles. All parties authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply for all roles. Only those authorized to work for government entities will be considered for government roles. Please inquire about our referral program if you would like to submit a candidate for any of our open or future job opportunities. SGA is an EEO employer. We encourage Veterans to apply. To view all of our available job postings and/or to learn more about SGA please visit us online at .

Permanent


Go to apply 

