Job Title = Desktop Or Telecom Or Mac Or Os jobs in Raleigh, NC, 27606

Noralogic  – 
Durham, NC
Desktop support Engineer who has minimum 4-5 years supporting and troubleshooting MAC systems, MAC OS followed by general office infrastructure support(Some windows support, network support, new-hire setup, phone/VOIP support, setting up conference ...
- Neuvoo, Oct 07

Spectraforce Technologies  – 
Raleigh, NC
... 5-10 years): PC/Mac Technical Support Experience; Knowledge of Windows 10 (1903) OS, Apple MacOS 10.14 (Mojave), Microsoft ... Knowledge of Server 2012 r2, Active Directory, Print Server, Group Permissions, Remote Desktop Protocol and Certificates. ...
- Neuvoo, Oct 02

apninccom  – 
Durham, NC, 27703
... and special events (if needed)Requirements 3+ years of experience providing hardware and software support for desktop/laptop on MAC/Windows OS Support for mobile devices (iOS, Android, and Windows) Solid understanding of basic networking and active ...
- Lensa, Sep 13

Kforce Technology Staffing  – 
Durham, NC, 27701
RESPONSIBILITIES: Kforce has a client that is seeking a Desktop Support Technician in Durham, North Carolina (NC). Duties ... needed REQUIREMENTS: * Service now experience * Experience with Apple OS devices *Ability to support includes specification, ...
- Dice.com, Oct 08

Kforce, Inc.  – 
Durham, NC
Kforce has a client that is seeking a Desktop Support Technician in Durham, North Carolina (NC).Duties include: Accurately ... activities as needed Service now experience Experience with Apple OS devices Ability to support includes specification, ...
- Neuvoo, Oct 09

acifedcom  – 
Raleigh, NC, 27601
Description:Desktop Computing PMSearching for a resources to provide Program Management expertise to support the US Postal Enterprise Access Infrastructure organization (Telecom Services, Desktop Computing, Mobile Computing, Data Transfer Services, ...
- Lensa, Oct 07

A3 Staffing Solutions  – 
Durham, NC
... Desktop Technician II: Position Requirements: • Strong Customer Service Skills and are approachable, a good listener, takes ownership of their issue and empathetic • Candidates must be A+ Certified to be considered. • Experience with Apple / MAC ...
- ZipRecruiter, Oct 08

Spectraforce Technologies  – 
Raleigh, NC
6 years minimum of experience in deskside/desktop break/fix support.Previous experience in tech bar/walk-up service a PLUS. ... Must be able to think on their feet, and have the ability to fix a variety of Windows OS issues, Outlook email and calendar ...
- Neuvoo, Sep 26

Kforce Technology Staffing  – 
Durham, NC, 27701
RESPONSIBILITIES: Kforce has a client that is seeking a Desktop Support Technician in Durham, North Carolina (NC). Duties ... needed REQUIREMENTS: * Service now experience * Experience with Apple OS devices *Ability to support includes specification, ...
- Dice, Oct 08

Empire Telecom  – 
Apex, NC, 27502
This position will ensure self-perform and subcontractors are complying with internal, client and OSHA safety standards. This position assists in coordinating safety training programs and objectives. Primary Responsibilities: Conduct daily walk...
- Jobs2Careers, Oct 08
