Job Title = Endpoint Engineer I (Redwood City)

The Team: Deployments primary task is to handle the hardware lifecycle for equipment deployed to Client colleagues within all USA/Canada locations.
The support of hardware lifecycle includes: ? Procuring hardware for on-hand inventory ? Receive new and used hardware and ensure proper asset tracking ? Prepare and image computers and deploy as needed ? Support hardware deployment projects ? Support getting hardware repaired or RMA as needed ? Collect hardware as needed ? Prepare the disposal of equipment at end of life for the hardware The Deployment Technician: As the Deployment Technician, you will be helping with the asset lifecycle management of corporate computer assets such as laptops, desktops, workstations, servers, monitors and computer accessories.
Some of the tasks you will perform include but not limited to: ? Shipping/receiving of computer assets ? Installing a corporate computer image on machines prior to deployment ? Delivering hardware to colleagues as requested ? Review, diagnostics, and cleanup of uses hardware ? Reclaiming hardware ? Disposal of hardware Who are we looking for?
? Support the asset management lifecycle of corporate hardware throughout the organization.
? Performs inventory control such as monthly and quarterly counts and quality audits to validate data integrity and resolve discrepancies.
? Restocking of all computer accessory vending machines and other deployment cabinets around campus.
? Manage your ticket queue ? Unloading and delivering computer shipment to Deployment, Oasis rooms or Client colleagues.
? Assist with New Hire desktop setups and deployment for North America.
? Image new and used systems (laptop and desktop) as requested.
? Identify and implement improvements to the existing lifecycle management process.
? Provide ongoing operational support including operating systems releases, upgrades, service pack installations, bug fixes, security updates, and any system change activities.
? Serve as Tier 1 support to the Endpoint Services to resolve desktop system issues as reported by the end-users.
? Ensure adequate customer follow up communications and timely issue status updates to customer and IT management.
? Update the asset database in a timely manner to ensure data integrity.
? Ensures cleanliness of all on-site deployment and storage areas.
Work Experience Requirements: ? Minimum of 2 years with experience working in a warehouse or logistics (receiving, asset lifecycle management) logistics certifications or education in lieu of experience.
? IT experience.
Minimum 1 years' experiences supporting Microsoft systems (Win 7 ? Win 10), and Mac OS X.
? Some knowledge of computer hardware, software installation preferred.
? Understand of network implementation and maintenance, in coordination with Corporate IT (e.g.
routers, switches, wireless). ? You should have experience with following departmental policies and procedures.
? To be successful you should understand typical desktop applications, (i.e., MS Office, virus scan, etc.). ? Must have some knowledge of desktop architecture build methodologies.
? Must understand other IT disciplines, (i.e., Telecom, Networking, Messaging, Server operations, etc.) ? Proven Customer Service skills.
? Exceptional written and oral communication.
Experience with Client desktop products (Fusion, Player, Workstation, etc.) would be a distinct advantage.


Go to apply 

