
CLASS DESCRIPTION:
Under the general direction of the Engineer III/Construction Manager or Deputy Engineer, develops working knowledge of engineering and surveying practices and techniques and the ability to implement this knowledge in a variety of duties in both design and construction aspects of the County Engineer’s Office.
QUALIFICATIONS:
Possession of a Bachelor’s Degree in Civil Engineering.
LICENSURE OR CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS:
Must possess a valid Ohio Driver’s license; must maintain insurability under the Engineer’s insurance policy. Must possess the Fundamentals of Engineering. Must possess the Professional Engineering (P.E.) license, or ability to obtain within five (5) years of receiving a Bachelor’s Degree in Civil Engineering.
THEORETICAL UNDERSTANDING: Must have completely read the book Turn the Ship Around by L. David Marquet and understand and embrace the leader-leader intent based leadership philosophy. Must understand and embrace the notion that we learn all the time to serve our coworkers and Geauga County. Must understand and embrace that this employment learning constitutes both hands-on learning and theoretical learning.
EQUIPMENT OPERATED: The following are examples only and are not intended to be all inclusive:
Modern office equipment (e.g., computer, copier, calculator, telephone, fax machine, etc.); computer software (e.g. Microsoft Office suite, Auto CAD Civil 3D, GCAT, HydroCad,; etc.); measuring/surveying equipment (e.g. laser or infrared thermometers, wheels, tape measure, rotary laser, survey levels, etc.).
INHERENTLY HAZARDOUS OR PHYSICALLY DEMANDING WORKING CONDITIONS:
The employee has exposure to chemical compounds found in an office environment (e.g., toner, correction fluid, etc.); works in or around crowds; ascends and/or descends ladders, stairs, or scaffolds; works in an area in which the means of egress is or can be obstructed; is exposed to environmental conditions which may result in injury from fumes, odors, mists, gases and/or poorly ventilated work areas; is exposed to possible injury from extremely noise conditions; is exposed to possible injury as a result of working with moving mechanical parts of equipment or machines; works in and around heavy highway equipment, such as excavators, rollers, pavers, trucks, and other equipment; has contact with potentially violent or emotionally distraught persons; has occasional exposure to potentially vicious animals; hot, cold, wet, humid, or windy weather condition, hazardous conditions lifts and carries clients and/or supplies weighing up to fifty (50) pounds.
Note: In accordance with the U.S. Department of Labor physical demands strength ratings, this is considered light work.
JOB DESCRIPTION AND WORKER CHARACTERISTICS:
JOB DUTIES in order of importance
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS OF THE POSITION: For purposes of 42 USC 12101:
65% (1) Assists in the design and drafting of construction plans and specifications for road, bridge, and culvert projects using Auto CAD Civil 3D, including profiles, cross-sections, detailed working drawings, drainage analysis, and design. Also has familiarity with roadway systems, including guardrail and traffic signals.
20% (2) Inspects and makes routine decisions pertaining to work on contracts administered by the County Engineer. Inspects and makes routine decisions pertaining to bridges and culverts. Directly interacts with the public and is capable of maintaining professional behavior.
10% (3) Develops and reviews plans and plats for compliance with County regulations; performs or assists in right-of-way negotiations and acquisitions.
(4) Acts as a survey crew member as directed; assists customers and others with data research, records, etc.
(5) Maintains and/or achieves required licensures, certification, and continuing education requirements, if any.
(6) Meets all job safety requirements and all applicable safety standards that pertain to essential functions.
(7) Demonstrates regular and predictable attendance.
OTHER DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
5% (8) Performs other related duties as assigned.
(9) Attends staff meetings as assigned.
NOTE: May be required to be on call 24 hours a day, as necessary.
MINIMUM ACCEPTABLE CHARACTERISTICS: (*indicates developed after employment)
Knowledge of: *Engineer’s goals and objectives; *Engineer’s policies and procedures; *department goals and objectives; *department policies and procedures; English grammar and spelling; office practices and procedures; drafting techniques; surveying techniques; Civil engineering; bridge design, construction, and maintenance; GIS software.
Skill in: Basic understanding of Auto CAD Civil 3D design and drafting; ODOT L&D manuals and specs; typing; word processing; computer operation; telephone console operation; use of modern office equipment; drafting tools and devises; motor vehicle operation; surveying instruments.
Ability to: Interpret extensive variety of technical material in books, journals, and manuals; deal with many variables and determine specific action; understand manuals and oral instructions, technical in nature; use proper research methods in gathering data; answer routine inquiries from general public; define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions; deal with nonverbal symbols in formulas, equations, or graphs; exercise independent judgment and discretion; apply concepts of calculus and/or trigonometry; communicate effectively orally and in writing; cooperate with co-workers on group projects; demonstrate ability to lift heavy surveying equipment; perform light manual labor for extended periods of time in often adverse conditions; travel to and gain access to work site; communicate effectively.


Go to apply 

