
Hi,
Hope you are doing great!
Please review and let me know if you are interested and available by responding with most updated resume to to take your candidature further. Just in case if you are not available, please share this JD to your contacts in network, who may be interested.
Title: Automation Engineer
Location: Tempe, AZ
Duration: 12+ Months or (Contract to HIRE)
Years of experience with Java or C# (Development or Test Automation Development)
Functional Automation
Experience designing, developing, and maintaining an automation framework
Frameworks we are currently using:
Protractor (a framework for Selenium) and Cucumber with TypeScript, or JavaScript
Selenium with C# or Java
API Automation and API Performance Testing:
Experience in this area is preferred and with the tools and languages below is a plus
Tools:
API Automation: Karate (Java)
API Performance Testing: Gatling (Java and Scala)
Experience with CI/CD:
Experience with CI/CD tools is preferred
Experience working with a CI/CD Pipeline is a plus
Example of tools:
Jenkins
Docker
Additional Qualifications:
Strong communication skills
Strong desire to learn new things and innovate
POSITION SUMMARY:
The QA Consultant is responsible for feature testing, system testing, and writing automated tests with limited supervision. This position works closely with application developers, business analysts, and infrastructure engineers through all stages of the software development process to ensure that all systems meet organization standards and end-user requirements.
PRINCIPAL RESPONSIBILITIES:
The following responsibilities are general duties that a particular employee in this position may or may not be required to perform. The actual duties required of this position will vary.
Works with project lead and project team to plan, estimate, schedule and execute testing for new applications and including:
o Establishing, organizing and monitoring testing deliverables
o Documenting and executing complex software test plans and strategies
o Ensures traceability of test cases back to project requirements
o Executing end to end test scenarios
o Coordinating and supporting user-acceptance test plans
o Working with project management and development staff to report and resolve complex issues
o Works directly with appropriate IT personnel to understand project concept, objectives and approach of software development projects.
Ensures software applications are error-free and meet functional requirements.
Participate in all aspects of testing at all levels, including functional, system, regression and load testing.
Records and reports on testing metrics
Responsible for the overall success of testing.
Follows documentation standards and ensures support documentation is created and updated as necessary for all standard software.
Performs other job-related duties as assigned.
EXPERIENCE, EDUCATION, CERTIFICATION:
Bachelor's degree in computer science, information technology, management information systems, or related field or equivalent experience.
5+ years experience performing QA activities.
KNOWLEDGE AND COMPETENCIES:
The following key competencies represent qualities, traits and behaviors that a successful employee will exhibit. This list is not exhaustive, as other qualities, traits and behaviors are also desired.
Strong written and oral communication skills.
Ability to interact with IT personnel on all levels to resolve complex issues and provide solutions in a timely manner.
Must have a desire for achieving excellence in customer satisfaction, process and product quality and reliability.
Ability to interact effectively as either a leader or as a member of a team and work collaboratively with other departments.
Understands the need for and consistently practices effective teamwork with others.
Capable of prioritizing and managing assignments, tasks and projects to completion with minimal supervision.
Ability to maintain a detail oriented approach while multitasking in a fast paced environment.

--

Thanks and Regards,

Maharsi Technical Recruiter Thoughtwave Software and Solutions Inc
1444 N. Farnsworth Ave, Suite 302, Aurora, IL - 60505
Email:
Phone #) EXT:121: Fax:
Website:


Apply now

