Job Title = Security Engineer

Responsibilities
Hands on experience in security operations, incident response, security engineering, system and network security.
Design, implement and manage security tools and technologies.
Network and security engineering experience, including log and network traffic capture analysis
Ability to document and explain risks, recommendations, and incident data to technical stakeholders.
Passion for creating tools and automating processes
Responsible for implementing best security practices
Responsible to implement and maintain best security standards and policies to protect Information systems architecture that includes Data Center, Network, Servers, Storage, databases Applications and related access control.
Conduct various vulnerability tests to identify the gaps, recommend solutions and implement them in a timely manner.
Act as a consultant to all teams on information security best practices.
Participate in project meetings and perform security design reviews.
Research latest security best practices, staying abreast of new threats and vulnerabilities and help to disseminate this information within the groups.
Implement relevant tools to monitor security threats, analyze relevant logs and take appropriate actions.
Maintain documentation on security best practices, process, policies and standards
Skills and Experience Requirements
Experience in architecting, designing, configuring and installing Next generation firewalls, IDS/IPS, SIEM and DLP technologies
Strong communication skills (written, verbal, and listening)
Knowledge about various multi-vendor security tools and data encryption methodologies
Windows, Linux, MS Exchange, Databases experience
Educational Requirements
Bachelor degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent experience/training
5+ years experience in information security/security engineering/architecture roles
Professional security management certification such as CISSP, CISM certifications is a plus.

If interested, submit your updated resume in WORD(.doc) format with following details: Full Name: Current Location: Expected Hourly rate/Salary: Work Authorization:

Permanent


Go to apply 

