
DescriptionWe are looking for a versatile & out of box innovator who will be at the forefront of cutting AI technology that is disrupting a combined $800 billion (and growing) industry for software build and operate services, selling into both the B2C and B2B markets.
The Customer Technical Expert will take a project from Design to Delivery.
These experts play the role of the product to the customer.
Why We Need This Role Customer Technical Expert (CTE) will help us implement customer projects that are robust in development and technically sound.
CTE will partner with Customer Product Expert (CPE) to work with the creators from the supply network to ensure that the code development and architecture is robust - that will allow CPE to deliver customer projects with minimized bugs and architecture that allows easy scalability.
Why You Should Join This role will give you an experience of working on a plethora of bespoke software development projects delivered from an aggregated creator network.
This role will give you an experience of delivering technical expertise at scale as well an opportunity to help build a programmatic model of working with a large aggregated network.
Combination of both will be a unique experience and a specialised skill set in the new world of business and technical models.
First Six Month Deliverables * On time delivery of the project (as per build card) * Code reusability * Code quality - number of bugs in 90 days post shipment * Customer tech team satisfaction feedback (where applicable) * CP Network Rating Requirements * Passionate about loosely held values and ideas.
We want someone who has experience but is not blinded by the path already taken.
* 8 plus years solid experience with wide range of web and mobile technologies, including at least 2 - 3 years in Ruby or JavaScript (React or Angular) cloud based ecosystems * 4 plus years solid experience as a technical lead, including at least 2 years in large scale product environment * A proven track record of senior level software engineering and architecture accomplishments in a high-capacity, large-scale, internet-based product platform * Comfortable of leading a team of capacity partner network based (i.e.
outsourced and offshored) engineers capable of working on projects and at scale unlike any other they've encountered * Solid procedural and object oriented Software Engineering fundamentals.
Strong understanding of and experience with code review tools and practices * Strong understanding of and experience with testing practices * Strong automation and CI / CD experience.
Pivotal Tracker or Jira, Docker, CI/CD, GitHub tools experience, some would say you are a master.
Benefits * Health and Wellness benefits * Performance-based bonuses and stock options * Generous vacation and time off benefits including paid holidays (24 holidays + 8 bank holidays) * Generally flexible working hours * Working in a WeWork office space in the heart of Paddington * A collaborative culture where unconventional thinkers come together to solve interesting problems and having fun while doing it * Mission-driven company that is making the world a better place


Go to apply 

