Job Title = Data Or Scientist Or Remote Or Phd Or Greater jobs in Raleigh, NC, 27606

Pharmaceutical Product Development  – 
Morrisville, NC, 27560
... The clinical scientist will also support the clinical trial RFP process and partnering with a feasibility and study operations lead through medical and data analysis to summarize the epidemiology, standard of care and competitive environment for the ...
- Jobs2Careers, Oct 07

Catalent Pharma Solutions  – 
Morrisville, NC, 27560
... PhD and 0- 2 years of related experience; MS and 4 years of related experience, bachelors and 7 years related experience ... Ability to analyze data in support of technical and regulatory documents. Must have previous experience working in a cGMP ...
- Ivy Exec, Oct 04

BioAgilytix  – 
Durham, NC
... Serve as lead scientist on assay development project Serve as lead scientist on validation Present data to clients ... or PhD in molecular biology, biochemistry, immunology, biotechnology, or related field with not less than 2 years' ...
- Neuvoo, Oct 09

Catalent, Inc  – 
Morrisville, NC, 27560
... PhD and 0- 2 years of related experience; MS and 4 years of related experience, bachelors and 7 years related experience ... Ability to analyze data in support of technical and regulatory documents. Must have previous experience working in a cGMP ...
- Jobg8, Oct 08

Catalent Pharma Solutions  – 
Morrisville, NC, 27560
... PhD and 0- 2 years of related experience; MS and 4 years of related experience, bachelors and 7 years related experience ... Ability to analyze data in support of technical and regulatory documents. Must have previous experience working in a cGMP ...
- Lensa, Sep 30

Deloitte  – 
Raleigh, NC, 27601
Position summary Hux Data Scientist Locations: New York, NY - Greensboro, NC - Chicago, IL - Raleigh, Durham, Chapel-Hill, ... PhD in a quantitative field (engineering, mathematics, physics, machine learning, statistics or computer science) preferred. ...
- Jobg8, Oct 08

Proofpoint  – 
Durham, NC, 27703
... We need a Data Scientist who will work on a cross functional team to help uncover cyber threats hidden in large amounts of ... Expert level knowledge in statistical analysis, linear algebra, optimization MS or PhD in Statistics, Machine Learning, ...
- Lensa, Oct 07

Proofpoint Inc  – 
Durham, NC, 27701
... We need a Data Scientist who will work on a cross functional team to help uncover cyber threats hidden in large amounts of ... * Expert level knowledge in statistical analysis, linear algebra, optimization * MS or PhD in Statistics, Machine Learning, ...
- StartwireL2, Sep 28

Global Knowledge  – 
Cary, NC, 27518
... Learn more at We are looking for a Data Scientist who will support our product, sales, scheduling and marketing teams with ... of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models, has a Master's or PHD in Statistics, Mathematics, ...
- StartwireL2, Sep 25

StoneLaurel Consulting  – 
Durham, NC
Not a remote work assignment. The candidate must be a W2 employee of StoneLaurel Consulting, Inc. The consultant will build advanced and complex statistical models and recommend ways to apply the data. You will extract, transform and combine all ...
- ZipRecruiter, Sep 12
