Job Title = Mechanical Project Manager - (5+ years experience)

Edmonds Engineering is seeking a registered Mechanical Engineer with HVAC design and commissioning experience.
Responsibilities
Under minimal supervision, candidate will be expected to perform the following:
Log projects and prepare proposals.
Mentor Project Designers and Engineers.
Perform field surveys and studies.
Oversee preparation of construction documents and act as lead HVAC Design Engineer.
Prepare project specifications.Lead project team and sub-consultants and manage customers.
Review submittals and shop drawings and respond to and track RFIs.
Attend customer facing meetings and perform site inspections.

Qualifications

Bachelors Degree in Mechanical Engineering from an accredited university.
Minimum 5 years of HVAC design experience additional commissioning experience a plus.
PE in the state of Alabama preferred.
Design experience in commercial, educational, and healthcare facilities.
Ability to lead a team of multi-discipline engineers on design projects.
Proficient in AutoCad and Revit.

Company Description
Edmonds Engineering is a full-service commercial and industrial engineering consulting design firm that partners with owners, architects and contractors to create trusted solutions for our clients.

Since 1987, our multidiscipline approach to engineering has expanded our portfolio and given us a wealth of institutional knowledge and expertise in project support and design. At Edmonds Engineering, we pride ourselves on unmatched flexibility and attention to detail with every project, regardless of scope or size. We hold ourselves professionally and individually accountable to our clients and involve them in every phase of a project to establish collaborative partnerships for long-term success.

Headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama, with regional offices in Tuscaloosa, Alabama, Huntsville, Alabama, Nashville Tennessee and Jackson, Mississippi, Edmonds Engineering is registered in 35 states and boasts a diverse and extensive portfolio of engineering projects in the following industries: education, healthcare, corporate, faith-based, industrial, judicial, water, waste water and more.

Our full-time staff of more than 55+ employees takes a full-service approach to engineering solutions, completing designs for projects with construction costs ranging from $20,000 to $70 million, including LEED-certified designs. Edmonds Engineering continually invests in professional development and cross-training opportunities for our team in order to adapt to the versatile engineering needs of our clients.


Go to apply 

