Job Title = H1b Or Ge Or Flight Or Engineer jobs in Raleigh, NC, 27606

Born & Bicknell, Inc.  – 
North Carolina
Excellent opportunity for a noninvasive cardiologist to work at a great Health System. Candidates should be comfortable with all general diagnostic cardiology procedures, nuclear cardiology a plus. There are medical students and primary care...
- Jobg8, Oct 01

Flight Safety  – 
Durham, NC, 27703
... Ensure classroom equipment, flight training devices (FTDs) and scheduled simulators are ready for client training events. Integrate Crew Resource Management (CRM)/Human Factors training with technical (procedural) training. Utilize Customer's ...
- Lensa, Sep 30

GE Transportation  – 
Durham, NC, 27703
Role Summary:Responsible for managing the long-term success of GEs relationship with a set of key accounts to achieve the goals and objectives identified by the customer and GE Healthcare. Drive orders and sales growth. Develop and execute a One GE ...
- Jobs2Careers, Oct 06

Worldwide Flight Services  – 
Morrisville, NC, 27560
... prepares all flight documents; interfaces with U.S. Customs; prepares all import and export documentation, and accepts/distributes cargo in accordance with applicable air carrier and Department of Transportation (DOT) regulations. Complies lists of ...
- Jobs2Careers, Oct 06

Delta Global Services  – 
Raleigh, NC, 27601
... Reads and verifies the city and flight number for every bag to ensure correct loading of customer bags. Communicates with Operations, Flight Crew personnel and other ground personnel concerning arrival/departure information in a professional manner. ...
- Jobs2Careers, Oct 08

DAL Global Services  – 
Raleigh, NC, 27601
Description: Position Summary: Under the supervision of the station manager or duty manager, the Supervisor is responsible for supervising employees on assigned shifts to ensure that the daily activities are performed safely and efficiently, while...
- Lensa, Oct 08

Duke University Health System  – 
Durham, NC
... Paramedic II – Duke University Health System - Duke Life Flight Duke University Health System seeks to hire a Paramedic II who will embrace our mission of Transforming Lives Transforming Care. Duke University Health System’s Life Flight team ...
- Neuvoo, Oct 08

DAL Global Services  – 
Raleigh, NC, 27601
Description: POSITION SUMMARY Under the supervision of the Station Manager, the Duty Manager is responsible for ensuring the daily operation runs in a safe, efficient and cost effective manner. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS/TASKS Oversees and coordinates team...
- Lensa, Oct 03

Coyote Technical and Executive Sourcing  – 
Raleigh, NC, 27619
Mechanical Engineer/MEP Engineer My client is looking for a Mechanical Engineer with proven experience developing plans and specifications for building systems in the healthcare or higher education market sectors. Position Description The successful ...
- Sendouts, Oct 06

Precision System Design, Inc.  – 
Raleigh, NC, 27601
Our innovative non-profit client in Raleigh-Durham, is looking for a senior Firewall Engineer to have an immediate impact on the client's next generation Firewall solution. Looking for someone with strong knowledge in configuration, deployment and ...
- Oct 08
