Job Title = PART TIME/TEMP SOFTWARE ENGINEER

The Custom Development Team is looking for an individual with strong problem solving abilities and people skills. This position will be a hybrid between resolving product issues for customers and working on clients upgrade events. This position is focused on driving overall resolution of customer-impacting technology issues by both independently resolving technical issues and working with other groups outside of the team to drive overall customer satisfaction.

Here at Ultimate Software, we truly put our people first. We strongly believe in teamwork, and we encourage and trust our people to reach higher, learn more, and live up to their potential. Ultimate is ranked #1 on Fortune's Best Places to Work in Technology for 2019 and #8 on the 100 Best Companies to Work For list in 2019. Ultimate is also ranked #1 on Fortune’s 75 Best Workplaces for Women and #5 on its Best Workplaces for Diversity list.

Primary/Essential Duties and Key Responsibilities:

Work directly with clients to resolve their issues.
Work closely with team members for debugging issues and determining root cause.
Participate in cross-training to expand your technical skillset.
Work closely with team members during client upgrade events.
When troubleshooting with customers, provide them with clear direction on how they can fix the issue on their own.
The ability to clearly document and articulate the root cause of issues and resolutions to customers both verbally and written within the context of a customer service case.
Required Qualifications:

(Knowledge, Skills and Abilities)

Solid scripting skills in Java, 1+ year experience preferable.
Front End Development experience a plus
C# MVC, Angular, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript
Back end development experience is preferred
MS SQL Server Database/Power User
Agile or Lean software development experience such as Kanban or Scrum Programming methodologies is preferred
Ability to write code and test your own work
Microsoft SQL Server Administration. Ability to write SQL queries and decipher complex stored procedures, triggers, scheduled jobs. Ability to identify when table indexing would benefit query performance. Ability to capture SQL traces via Profiler.
Familiarity with Object-Oriented Design (OOD)
Familiarity with web standards and Linux
Installing, configuring, testing and maintaining testing environments - application software and system management tools
Excellent ability in Logical and Physical Data Model creation
Good technical writing and documentation skills
Teamwork is a must
Combination of business and technical background
(Experience, Education, Certification, License and Training)

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, MIS or equivalent in work experience
Preferred Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, MIS or equivalent in work experience
Physical Requirements:

No unique physical demands are required for this job.
Travel Requirements:

5% or less (Limited travel upon request)

This job description has been written to provide an accurate reflection of the current job and to include the general nature of work performed. It is not designed to contain a comprehensive detailed inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of the employees assigned to the job. Management reserves the right to revise the job or require that other or different tasks be performed when circumstances change.

Ultimate Software will reasonably accommodate employees with disabilities as defined by the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and other appropriate statutes. If you are an applicant and need a reasonable accommodation when applying for job opportunities within the Company or request a reasonable accommodation to utilize the Company’s online employment application, please contact . - provided by Dice

Full Time


Go to apply 

