
SunIRef:it Senior Software Engineer QC Software - Cincinnati, OH 45241 QC Software designs and implements automation software and controls packages for fulfillment centers within the Supply Chain Industry.
We specialize in Warehouse Execution Software (WES), Order Finishing Systems, Loop Sortation, and Put-to-Light innovation.
For over twenty years, QC Software has provided increased throughput rates and full-system visibility to the biggest names in the e-commerce, retail distribution and manufacturing industries.
QC Software delivers streamlined, automated order fulfillment solutions that boost material handling productivity, accuracy, and cost efficiency throughout the supply chain.
POSITION SUMMARY The Senior Software Engineer designs and develops server programs for distribution center management.
This role understands business and customer requirements that drive the design of the technical solutions and participates in all phases of product development lifecycle.
Senior Software Engineer also resolves site requirement changes, and support solutions to complete designed equipment installation.
Job Responsibilities Handles complex application development.
Setups and configures of servers, line controllers and workstations.
Installs on-site systems and maintains them through testing and troubleshooting.
Creates and designs server table layout and coordination.
Coordinates aspects of server and system testing and maintains technical documentation.
Coordinates resources to insure proper project execution.
Plans, directs, and coordinates activities of employee(s) to ensure goals or objectives are accomplished.
Mentors, coaches, trains and develops team.
Additional duties as assigned Qualifications / Requirements Bachelor's Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science or related field 8+ years progressive Software Engineering experience 5+ years in a leadership role Occasional travel either locally, nationally, and/or internationally may be required.
High degree of proficiency in MS Office Suite, Outlook & Internet applications.
Strong analytical, prioritizing, interpersonal, problem-solving, presentation, budgeting, project management (from conception to completion), & planning skills.
Strong verbal and written communication skills (including analysis, interpretation, & reasoning). Solid understanding and application of mathematical concepts.
Ability to develop and maintain collaborative relationships with peers and colleagues across the organization, as well as, internal and external clients.
Ability to work well autonomously and within a team in a fast-paced and deadline-oriented environment.
Ability to work with and influence peers and management.
Self-motivated with critical attention to detail, deadlines and reporting.
Physical Aspects/Work Environment: Regularly required to stand; walk; sit; and talk, hear and see.
Regularly/Occasionally lift and/or move up to 10 pounds.
Please submit your resume and salary requirements to QC Software - Just posted report job - original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process.


Go to apply 

