Job Title = Software Engineer

What makes Gartner a GREAT fit for you?
When you join Gartner, you ll be part of a fast-growing team that helps the world become smarter and more connected.
We re the world s leading research and advisory company, achieving consistent double-digit growth by steering clients toward the right decisions with business and technology insights they can t find anywhere else.
Our associates enjoy a collaborative work environment, exceptional training and career development as well as unlimited growth opportunities.
If you like working with a curious, supportive, high-performing team, Gartner is the place for you.
About Gartner Digital Markets: Gartner Digital Markets is a business unit within Gartner.
Our mission is to help small businesses make the right technology decisions and find the tools they need to grow, optimize, and become more effective at what they do.
The business is comprised of three leading brands Capterra, Software Advice, and GetApp.
For candidates interested in taking their next career step in the technology space, Gartner Digital Markets offers the fast pace and excitement of working for a startup, the stability and resources of a large, established organization, and the opportunity to be on the front lines of innovation in an industry that is always growing and transforming.
Job Brief: We re looking for an experienced Sr.
Software Engineer to specifically create and deliver outstanding experiences for users and help implement improvements to our front-end architecture and codebase.
What You ll Need: * 5+ years working within the Software Development Life Cycle * Strengths in front end development and UX principles * Expertise in modern front end frameworks such as React, VueJS, and Angular along with HTML and CSS * Full stack capabilities (with languages like PHP, Python, Go, etc.) * Comfort working in a Linux environment * Adept at Git * Experience integrating APIs * A passion for engineering, learning, and teamwork a must!
What You ll Do: * Develop and support front end solutions which deliver outstanding user experiences across multiple form factors with attention to design * Troubleshoot and optimize front end application performance * Implement improvements to front end code base and architecture What We Offer: * Limitless growth and learning opportunities.
* A collaborative and positive culture Your team will be as smart and driven as you * Outstanding compensation Plus competitive benefits and generous time off * A chance to make an impact Your work will contribute directly to our strategy #DigitalMarkets Job Requisition ID:36903 By submitting your information and application, you confirm that you have read and agree to the country or regional recruitment notice linked below applicable to your place of residence.
Gartner Applicant Privacy Link: For efficient navigation through the application, please only use the back button within the application, not the back arrow within your browser.


Go to apply 

