Job Title = Quality Assurance Team Lead

We are seeking a Team Lead to join our QA team. This highly visible role will oversee quality inspections, reviews, and assessments performed by team members. The Team Lead will have ultimate responsibility for collecting, analyzing, and identifying trends and improvement opportunities. The Team Lead will also use quality control to diagnose root cause, and recommend corrective actions and improvement opportunities. This position requires experience managing QA on manual processes.

Here at Ultimate Software, we truly put our people first. We strongly believe in teamwork, and we encourage and trust our people to reach higher, learn more, and live up to their potential. Ultimate is ranked #1 on Fortune's Best Places to Work in Technology for 2019 and #8 on the 100 Best Companies to Work For list in 2019. Ultimate is also ranked #1 on Fortunes 75 Best Workplaces for Women and #5 on its Best Workplaces for Diversity list.

Primary/Essential Duties and Key Responsibilities:

Plan, execute, and oversee ongoing assessments to confirm conformance with documented output requirements and quality standards.
Track, document, analyze, and report quality assessment results periodically and verify corrective actions have been implemented (if needed).
Perform analysis and maintain problem logs to identify and report recurring issues to management, and recommend process changes to improve quality.
Research and investigate escalations or reported quality issues from external business groups to ensure resolution and remediation.
Collaborate with and educate process owners regarding maintaining strong quality standards that comply with organizational and customer requirements.
Assist management by communicating and providing training opportunities to their teams to improve quality compliance and effectiveness.
Maintain, develop, and document Quality Control team reporting, processes, procedures, and methodology.
Support junior team members by providing feedback, guidance, and training as needed.
Participate in departmental continuous improvement initiatives to enhance the effectiveness and efficiency of the Select Services Risk Compliance department.

Required Qualifications:

Minimum of 4 years experience with quality control and/or quality assurance

(Experience, Education, Certification, License and Training)

Bachelors in Business or related areas
Professional Certification, such as Six Sigma, Quality Engineer, or Quality Auditor

Preferred Qualifications:

Advanced knowledge of quality assurance terminology, methods, and tools.
Ability to evaluate systems, processes, and procedures to develop improvements/recommendations.
Ability to analyze and critically interpret data.
Ability to work independently, with considerable latitude for initiative and professional judgment, and oversee multiple quality assessments at one time and conflicting priorities.
Experience managing QA with manual processes.
Ability to communicate orally and in writing in a clear, straightforward, and professional manner.
Ability to interact positively and communicate with all levels of management.
Proficiency utilizing software applications and advanced functions (e.g. Word, Excel, and PowerPoint)

Interpersonal Skills:

Highly motivated and team oriented
Extremely detail-oriented with strong organizational and follow-up skills, as well as experienced in handling multiple projects simultaneously
Excels in a fast paced and evolving environment
Looks for new and creative ways to solve problems or improve processes
Issue resolution skills
Strong analysis skills with the ability to handle confidential information
Ability to establish and maintain harmonious working relationships with co-workers, staff, and to work effectively in a professional team environment

Physical Requirements:

No unique physical demands are required for this job

Travel Requirements:

Less than 10% travel required

This job description has been written to provide an accurate reflection of the current job and to include the general nature of work performed. It is not designed to contain a comprehensive detailed inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of the employees assigned to the job. Management reserves the right to revise the job or require that other or different tasks be performed when circumstances change.

Ultimate Software will reasonably accommodate employees with disabilities as defined by the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and other appropriate statutes. If you are an applicant and need a reasonable accommodation when applying for job opportunities within the Company or request a reasonable accommodation to utilize the Companys online employment application, please contact ultimatesoftware.com.


Go to apply 

