Job Title = Data Engineer

Software Guidance Assistance, Inc., (SGA), is searching for a Data Engineer for a Contract assignment with one of our premier Financial Services clients in New York, NY . Required Skills Several years of programming experience with a higher level language (Python preferred) Basic familiarity with Apache Kafka or a similar messaging system Basic experience with Linux environments, bash scripting, and can handle basic 'sysadmin' tasks from time to time A strong preference for automating processes, workflows, infrastructure creation and more.
We're a small team so the more we automate the more time we'll have to focus on the next set of features to create Preferred Skills Several years of experience with a JVM based language Cloud services (GCP, AWS or Azure), including infrastructure as code principles and tools (Terraform, CloudFormation) Modern DevOps mindset, approach to problems and tooling.
Experience with CICD, Blue-GreenCanary deployments, loggingmonitoring, and robust testing practices Can help the team make decisions around architecture decisions.
Should we build microservices?
Stick with RESTful APIs with JSON or try gRPCProtocol Buffers?
Deploy with Docker containers, leverage Kubernetes or try serverless in GCP?
SGA is a Certified Women's Business Enterprise (WBE) celebrating over thirty years of service to our national client base for both permanent placement and consulting opportunities.
For consulting positions, we offer a variety of benefit options including but not limited to health dental insurance, paid vacation, timely payment via direct deposit.
SGA accepts transfers of H1 sponsorship for most contracting roles.
We are unable to sponsor for Right-to-Hire, Fulltime, or Government roles.
All parties authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply for all roles.
Only those authorized to work for government entities will be considered for government roles.
Please inquire about our referral program if you would like to submit a candidate for any of our open or future job opportunities.
SGA is an EEO employer.
We encourage Veterans to apply.
To view all of our available job postings andor to learn more about SGA please visit us online at httpwww.sgainc.com .


Go to apply 

