
Calero Software is seeking a Sales Engineer who will have the primary responsibility of serving the Calero customer base by successfully identifying client needs through engineering adaptations of products, equipment and services.
Specific responsibilities include, but are not limited to assisting the Sales team in a pre-sales role; qualifying, managing and closing sales opportunities.
You'll perform the discovery and analysis of business needs and define the client requirements alongside the Account Executives.
This will allow you to ascertain fit and suitability of other Calero products.
You'll work with the Engineering staff to convey those requirements and provide your insight into the technical options available.
Sales Engineers should be able to articulate and demonstrate our solutions, influence the customer's technical requirements and position Calero products relative to our competition.
Finally, you'll be expected to report back to the VP of Sales EMEA on the trending potential client needs and emerging marketplace trends for product development consideration.
Required Experience: Successful candidates will be required to possess a Bachelors' Degree in Computer Science or the equivalent four-year college degree.
You should have a proven track record of selling, building and/or deploying technology solutions.
Experiences as a Sales Engineer in network design, installation and management will be necessary.
You should be able to prove that you have outstanding pre- and post-sales account management and follow-through skills, use resourcefulness and exhibit great attention to detail.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills are a must, as well as excellent verbal/written communication skills.
This should also include a high level presentation presence.
From a technical standpoint, your experience should be in telecommunications expense management, SaaS, IT, software or a technology-related solution.
Keyword: Sales Engineer From: Calero Software


Go to apply 

