
Are you interested in being part of a great Technical Support Engineering team which supports market-leading, high-tech companies such as Google, Apple, and Microsoft?

SmartBear Software is currently looking for an exceptional Senior Customer Care Engineerwho possesses a passion for innovative technology and delights in achieving superior customer satisfaction, while working collaboratively within a team-focused environment. You will work and learn from an experienced and highly impactful team that will ultimately prepare you to become a TechnicalSupport Engineer. We are a growing medium-sized company with locations around the country and around the world. We have played a role in the Uber you ordered, the banking app you use, the item you posted for auction, or that flight you just purchased. Our software is downloaded every 6 seconds ( million downloads a year) and we have over 25,000 customers (Google, Apple, Microsoft, Uber, GE and SalesForce to name a few) in 194 countries. We have real products, real customers and great compensation.

Benefits of This Position

You will be supporting customers with proven technology that produces measurable results and is continually being expanded with innovative, new products
You will be working in a collaborative, entrepreneurial environment along with our sales, marketing, and product teams
You will be provided tools and training to elevate your performance and be an industry and product specialist

Responsibilities

Lead resolution on escalated customer situations
Lead internal projects that improve the support services provided to customers
Troubleshoot and solve technical support issues with external customers (via email, screen share, live chat, Communities, phone, etc.)
Create, document and track the progress of new customer issues as they become available
Collaborate with fellow support colleagues and other internal organizations, e.g. development, to achieve superior customer service
Obtain the necessary knowledge and skills to become progressively proficient with responsible products
Be the customer advocate when providing feedback to internal organizations
Achieve issue resolution and escalation goals
Look for ways to improve productivity of issue resolution and better ways to help customers
Develop new videos and articles that help educate and inform users
Mentor and coach other CCEs

Qualifications

Two to four years experience as a Customer Care Engineer
Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent experience
Excellent interpersonal skills
Ability to lead others (co-workers)
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Working knowledge of operating systems, e.g. XP, Vista, Win7, Server 2003/2008
Working knowledge of office productivity suites (MS Office, Google apps)
Authorized to work in the United States (minimum of H1B)
Working knowledge of software testing tools and processes
Working knowledge of software development tools and processes
One to two years Programming and Scripting Experience
Working knowledge of application lifecycle management, APIs, SQL, and network and server administration

About Us

SmartBear is behind the software that empowers developers, testers, and operations engineers at over 20,000 of the worlds most innovative organizations including Adobe, JetBlue, MasterCard, and Microsoft. More than 6 million people use our tools to build, test, and monitor great software, faster. Our high-impact tools are easy to try, easy to buy, and easy to use. These tools are backed by a team of people passionate about helping you create software that transforms our world. Those tools are SmartBear tools. That team is SmartBear. For more information, visit:, or follow us on LinkedIn, Twitter, or Facebook.

SmartBear is an equal employment opportunity employer and encourages success based on our individual merits and abilities without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, ancestry, mental or physical disability, marital status, military or veteran status, citizenship status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, medical condition, sex, sex stereotyping, pregnancy (which includes pregnancy, childbirth, and medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth, or breastfeeding), or any other legally protected status.


Go to apply 

