
Snow's mission is to stop organizations overpaying for the software they use, today and tomorrow. We help organizations optimize software availability, compliance and cost savings through delivery of on premise and cloud-based Software Asset Management solutions. Today we are the largest and most successful dedicated developer of SAM solutions with staff all over the world in regional locations. To sustain our explosive growth, we are looking for the brightest, and most highly-skilled people who have their best work ahead of them. Now is the right time to join Snow.
Corporate Software Sales Executive Responsibilities:
Developing and executing sales strategies and plans in order to achieve sales targets
Generating 20-30 direct customer meetings and workshops (2nd meetings) per month through different sources
Attracting relevant stakeholders for workshops, engineer customer in group format, help create basis for customer business case
Demonstrating and clearly differentiating the product from the competition focusing on our clear and compelling value proposition
Driving new product sales
Forecasting and delivering against substantial revenue targets and achieve the assigned sales volume
Identifying new business opportunities and follow-up the defined business opportunities
Working with our partners in order to maintain and expand Snow's business within assigned customer accounts
Working with global and local Marketing and Business Development teams to drive lead generation and awareness
Supporting channel planning process and forecasting for assigned territory
Documenting plans, activities and opportunities accurately in the CRM system
10+ years' of sales experience, of which 5 years involved a complex solution sales process
Proven track record of success driving revenue through discovering, prospecting and creating new business
Experience in System Management and IT Infrastructure
Strong knowledge of MS Office and CRM applications (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint)
Specific work experience in the SAM software market is desirable not essential
Experience selling to companies with over 10,000 employees
Ability to travel 50% of the time
To be successful in the role as Enterprise Software Sales Executive you have to be sales-driven and a fast moving person with a strong customer focus. You are passionate about creating a value for your customers, which ultimately leads to profitable business for both. To identify the right decision makers and influencers as well as the courage to ask the right questions is critical to your success. We see that you have excellent Communication skills - you know what to say and more importantly, how to say it. You believe in what we're doing and won't stop at anything to deliver on your goals. You are best at what you do and you know how to get the best out of your colleagues.
Competitive Pay + Commission
Stock Options
100% Employer Paid Benefits for Employee for Dental, Medical Insurance, Vision, Life, STD, LTD
401k with Employer Matching Contributions
Employer HSA Contribution
Unlimited Vacation
This is a chance for you to join a challenging and inspiring environment where you will have the possibility to make a daily impact. Every day you will work alongside helpful and down-to-earth colleagues who are dedicated and ambitious. Together we create an innovative environment that drives Snow forward. If you are the right person for the role you will be part of a fantastic journey in a dynamic, high-growth business.
We are looking forward to your application.

Permanent


Go to apply 

