
e-Xstream is looking to hire a Senior Project Engineer to act as project lead for successfully coordinating and executing services projects specifically focused on advanced and challenging composite modeling topics. Services projects will typically last between a few weeks to few months; in some instances projects may stretch over the course of a few years. The engineer will serve as primary liaison between the Professional Services department and the client.

The engineer shall be located in the US ideally work out of a MSC Software local US office, home office might be possible and have US citizenship in order to perform ITAR projects. The position is to be filled immediately. Main Responsibilities
Analyze customers/prospects needs, define and apply or develop the adequate modeling strategy, promote the Digimat technology wherever applicable. Typical projects are a combination of some or all of those tasks:
Act as project lead to successfully coordinate and execute services projects.
Elaborate new modeling methods (e.g. additive manufacturing, 3D wovens, CMCs, SMCs).
Execute virtual testing studies.
Coordinate test campaigns, analyze test data and calibrate material models.
Prepare finite element models (FEM: mesh, loads and BCs) of various structural parts.
Perform structural FEA, assist customers designing and validating plastic parts.
Manage project schedule, communication and reporting with customers and partners.
Monitor progress of consultants toward task completion and report progress.

e-Xstream engineering, part of Hexagons Manufacturing Intelligence division, is a software & engineering services company 100% focused on the multi-scale modeling of composite materials & structures. We help our customers, material suppliers and material users across various industries (Aero, Defense, Auto, E&E), to

Reduce material testing and prototyping;
Investigate and predict the behavior of a large mix of composite materials;
Improve prediction of structural FEA by accounting for manufacturing process;
Design & manufacture innovative high-performance composite parts
Minimize weight, cost and time-to-market of optimal composite industrial parts
Test composites and calibrate Digimat material cards for targeted performances and applications;
Act as project lead to successfully coordinate and execute services projects.
Elaborate new modeling methods (e.g. additive manufacturing, 3D wovens, CMCs, SMCs).
Execute virtual testing studies.
Coordinate test campaigns, analyze test data and calibrate material models.
Prepare finite element models (FEM: mesh, loads and BCs) of various structural parts.
Perform structural FEA, assist customers designing and validating plastic parts.
Manage project schedule, communication and reporting with customers and partners.
Monitor progress of consultants toward task completion and report progress.
Requirements
Minimum of a bachelors degree in Material Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Aeronautical Engineering, or equivalent. Advanced degree preferred.
Ideally 5 years + of experience in the field of composites, doing either material or structural engineering.
Strong background on plastics &/or composite materials, ideally familiar with material modeling.
Experience with hot topics such as additive manufacturing (3D Printing), CMCs, SMCs is a clear plus.
Knowledge of finite elements, experienced with preparing and solving nonlinear FEA.
Think out-of-the-box, ability to bounce back and be force of proposition.
Looking for a rigorous, structured and autonomous engineer thrilled by new challenges.
Excellent interpersonal, verbal and writing skills for client liaison, proposal preparation, project planning, report writing, and presentation of results.
Strong project management skills.
Benefits
Position in a highly qualified and dynamic team of material and numerical modeling experts
Actively lead and execute leading edge composite modeling projects, opportunity to tackle new challenges on a daily basis and to continuously learn about composites materials, parts, processes
Performance-driven career progression in a company leading the composite modeling world
Attractive salary package


Go to apply 

