Job Title = Technical Customer Support Engineer

Technical Customer Support Engineer Snow's mission is to stop organizations overpaying for the software they use, today and tomorrow.
We help organizations optimize software availability, compliance and cost savings through delivery of on premise and cloud-based Software Asset Management solutions.
Today we are the largest and most successful dedicated developer of SAM solutions with staff all over the world in regional locations.
To sustain our explosive growth, we are looking for the brightest, and most highly-skilled people who have their best work ahead of them.
Now is the right time to join Snow.
What you'll be doing Snow Software is looking to add to its growing UK Technical Support team with an experienced support professional.
We are looking for a dynamic Customer Support Engineer with exceptional focus on quality customer support.
The role will be to supply support to our large customer and partner base resolving issues by utilizing widely available resources, teams and own skill and experience.
The ideal candidate will have 1-2 years in a similar role, as well as proven exceptional external customer facing experience.
You will be working within a regional support team, to resolve customer and partner technical issues to a high standard of customer success, adhering to response time SLAs and escalating into global teams if required.
Your daily duties will be varied across the latest technologies.
What we require from you Ensure the highest level of support available from Snow Software to customers and partners within the UKI & MEA region Maintain a high level of customer satisfaction, measured on a regular basis Create and maintain knowledgebase articles/videos/community threads to address customer questions and issues ahead of support service involvement Excellent interpersonal and communications skills.
Excellent time management, decision making, prioritization and organization skills.
Team player.
Promotes a spirit of cooperation and teamwork.
Welcomes challenging environments to apply specialist skills, maintaining customer confidence.
Projects a positive and professional image, via all means of interaction, remote and face-to-face.
Proven technical diagnostic and problem-solving skills.
Good knowledge of ITIL framework Knowledge of SQL roles and environments.
Eager to learn new skills and technologies.
Desire and ability to travel to Snow Headquarters in Stockholm from time to time Good knowledge and experience of working with Windows Server (AD, IIS / Web Services) and Desktop environments.
Nice to have Supporting SQL based technologies/software within a 1st line context Supporting UNIX/Linux based technologies/software within a 1st line context Knowledge of IIS Additional fluent language skills (French, German, Spanish, Italian, Swedish, Dutch) Who you are The successful candidate must be willing and able to work in a busy, dynamic environment.
They must be able to work as part of both local and global teams to deliver customer excellence and success.
The ideal candidate must be attention focused and hold a high degree of accountability to help build and protect the strong Snow Software brand image.
What we offer This is a chance for you to accelerate your career and succeed in an environment where you will have the possibility to make a daily impact.
Every day you will get to work alongside helpful and down-to-earth colleagues who are dedicated and ambitious.
We fully recognize that it is our employees that make Snow a success and the global leader in the development and delivery of dedicated SAM solutions.
If you are the right person for the role we will offer you exciting and developing assignments and you will get to be part of a fantastic journey within a dynamic high-growth business.
We look forward to your application.


Go to apply 

