
We are looking for a versatile & out of box innovator who will be at the forefront of cutting AI technology that is disrupting a combined $800 billion (and growing) industry for software build and operate services, selling into both the B2C and B2B markets.

The Project Manager will take a project from Design to Delivery.

These experts play the role of the product to the customer.

Why We Need This Role As a Project Manager you should be able to plan, implement, and track specific short-term deliverables.

You should be comfortable in laying out highly detailed product requirements, strategizing product roadmap, and implementing competitive insights and growth hacks.

Why You Should Join Our culture is a cross between serious business and quirky startup; as weve grown from $0.5m to $45m in less than 4 years.

We want team players who roll up their sleeves, are open to being challenged and also understand the importance of respect, integrity and can that balance that with irreverence, cheekiness and a brand that aspires to do away with the taboo of being a boring software company.

Most importantly, any role in Engineer.ai is like joining our family.

First Six Month Deliverables On time delivery of the project (as per build card) Spec call to paid build card conversion Customer Rating Client Satisfaction Score Rating of shipped apps High customer response time adherence to TATs Accuracy of project plans Requirements Passionate about loosely held values and ideas.

We want someone who has experience but is not blinded by the path already taken.

A minimum Bachelor Degree, sold experience in project management.

Experience working in a technical environment.

Understand and use project management techniques / tools like agile and scrum Self-motivated, quick and assertive Be able to have effective conversations with the customer as a part of the design to delivery interactions and even make recommendations to the customers for help in prioritizing.

Ability to develop project/product plans, manage individual deadlines and goals.

knowledge of basic structures and product roadmap
- features, modules, MVP, A/B testing, UX driven product development, product analytics.

Ability to identify issues and problems, generate solutions and choose appropriate alternatives using basic root cause analysis.

Good cross organization and external stakeholder management.

Manage client expectations, anticipates operational and tactical risks and tracks them.

Should have a broad understanding of business, cost structures and prototypes Benefits Health and Wellness benefits (soon) Performance-based bonuses Generous vacation and time off benefits including paid holidays (24 holidays 8 bank holidays) Generally flexible working hours Working in a WeWork office space in the heart of Paddington A collaborative culture where unconventional thinkers come together to solve interesting problems and having fun while doing it Mission-driven company that is making the world a better place


Go to apply 

