Job Title = Dynamics NAV - Senior Solution Engineer

Our Culture:
Stoneridge Software began with an idea: How can Microsoft implementations be done better? After considering the idea for some time, Eric Newell created Stoneridge Software, which has quickly flourished into a tenacious Microsoft Gold Partner. As a member of Microsoft's Inner Circle, we know how to work hard, but we also know how important it is to balance work with family and the rest of our lives. In order to achieve that work-life balance, we provide unlimited vacation, paid parental leave and even beer on-tap in our offices. These initiatives, and many more have resulted in numerous Best Work Place awards and happy employees. We focus on allowing our employees to be creative, imaginative and nerdy. Does this sound like a team you would like to be a part of? Keep Scrolling!
What we are Looking for:
Stoneridge Software is looking for a highly motivated, experienced, organized and detail-oriented person to join our team. The successful candidate will be responsible for providing solutions to our clients' technical and best practice requests within Microsoft Dynamics NAV/Business Central. We are seeking someone who is passionate about enabling our clients' success, while supporting maintainability and repeatability through sound design and execution.
The Senior Solutions Engineer will be accountable for addressing needs of Stoneridge Software clients within the Microsoft Dynamics NAV/Business Central application and related technologies. They are responsible for communicating with clients, addressing their questions and concerns regarding software, providing options and recommendations, and executing solutions to fit the requirements. A key attribute of the Senior Solutions Engineer role is the ability to tackle individual client needs while also thinking strategically about both the client's solution stack provided by Stoneridge Software and the repeatability of the specific solution and execution.
A Day in the Life:
Possess and maintain comprehensive experience and strong knowledge of core software, business processes and best practices, related technologies and enhancements, and industry trends
Work pro-actively with clients on strategic projects or initiatives to ensure they continue to receive value from the NAV/Business Central applications
Work reactively on break/fix support to ensure clients experience minimal service disruptions
Escalate ISV related product issues and work with partners to drive for resolution
Apply experience and knowledge while working with clients to ascertain solution requirements, potential technical options within Dynamics NAV /Business Central and related technologies, and scope and resource requirements associated with each option
Design & test custom solutions & integrations managing functional design & scope. Effectively coordinate with development resources to build and deliver custom solutions and integrations
Represent Stoneridge Software through effective communication with clients throughout the solution life-cycle
Work efficiently with resources from other internal teams or external groups as needed
Mentor team members
Preferred Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Accounting, Information Technology or related field
4+ year Microsoft Dynamics NAV/Business Central experience, preferably in a support role
4+ year experience with NAV/Business Central Finance/AR/AP modules
2+ year experience with NAV/Business Central Manufacturing module preferred
Object oriented programming experience strongly preferred
Excellent and demonstrated customer service experience
Microsoft Dynamics NAV Certification preferred
Ability to work in a team environment
Ability to communicate effectively in both spoken and written English
Strong technical writing ability
Stoneridge Software is happy to provide the following benefits:
Health Insurance
HSA Contribution
Medical and Dependent Care FSA
Dental and Vison Insurance
Long-Term Disability
Life Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Unlimited PTO
Paid Paternity & Maternity Leave
401(k) Contribution
Cell Phone and Internet Reimbursement
Flexible work environment
Casual dress
Popcorn, beverages, and other snacks in office
Beer on tap
Applicants must be U.S. Citizens or a Green Card holder.

Job Posted by ApplicantPro


Go to apply 

