
Irvine, CA - LOCAL CANDIDATES ONLY; This is not a remote position.

Prism Software is looking for an enthusiastic Presales Engineer to join our client-facing U.S. team. As a Presales Engineer, you are the software expert. You

The Presales Engineer plays a huge role in helping clients understand the value of Prism Software. As a Presales Engineer, you will be responsible for presenting technology and optimizing the sales process. The ideal candidate provides the Sales team with support by developing custom demonstrations, supporting client-facing meetings, and assisting Sales efforts. This position's performance is measured by how successfully you present solutions and propose the right combination of products and services based on a customer's needs. You will interface with engineering, support, and sales to help continually improve the process and experience for the customer.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Understanding the customer need and establishing Prism's products as the best solution that addresses their concerns and requirements
Being comfortable in client-facing environments and presentations Functioning as a liaison for customers, channel partners, and our Sales team Communicating with Sales and Engineering to promote Prism products and discuss features Creating custom demonstrations using Customer's specifications to showcase specific capabilities of Prism's solutions
Desired Skills and Experience: 2+ years of working software industry in Business Development, Technical Support, Sales Engineering, Sales, or Professional Services 1+ years working with application deployment, Active Directory, and File Services administration 1 year of project management experience Effectively communicate and build relationships with Sales Leadership, Engineering, and key cross-functional groups Experienced in a client-facing technical support position. Excellent presentation, written and verbal communication skills Quick learner and self-starter Experience demonstrating to audiences at varying levels of seniority and technical skillset Passionate about continuously learning and growing your technical skills BS in Computer Science, Information Technology, or equivalent career experience. Solid organizational skills and capability of multitasking within a fast-paced demanding environment Minimal travel as required; Less than 20%, as need basis Current U.S. or other country passport enabling domestic and international travel.
Pluses: Experience in Project management, installation, configuration, and training of software solutions Proven track record of successful remote or on-site support Extensive knowledge of Microsoft Windows Server and Desktop operating systems. Ability to write strong technical documentation and detailed support notes. Understanding of installing, configuring, securing, and managing Windows Internet Information Services such as HTTPS and/or FTP servers. Proficient in using Active Directory; Microsoft SQL Server
Top Reasons to Work with Us: Technical exposure to a wide breadth of processes, spanning multiple industries, involving software solutions of varying complexity. Strong benefits package (health, vacation, sick) Casual office environment Weekly catered lunches
We are looking for bright, energetic individuals with an eagerness to join a winning and stable team. We take software seriously but are equally focused on providing a nurturing and growth-oriented environment for our company family. We provide a culture of close collaboration while encouraging individual results.
We look forward to receiving your resume. Clicking apply is the best way to apply, but you may also contact us via email at .

Note to Recruiters and Placement Agencies: Prism Software does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward unsolicited resumes to our website or to any Prism Software employee. Prism Software will not pay fees to any third-party agency or firm and will not be responsible for agency fees associated with unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered the property of Prism Software.

Permanent


Go to apply 

