
The role of the Lead Software Engineer/ Project lead at Full Spectrum Software is a dynamic, collaborative and enterprising role. As the chief technical contributor on projects, you will be involved in all aspects of the software development lifecycle, from developing project architectures, roadmaps and strategies through leading a team in detailed design and the successful implementation of the plan.
While roughly 75% of your time will be spent on hands-on design and development, the remaining time will be spent collaborating with clients, developing solutions architectures, managing the team of seasoned engineers, and authoring technical documents. The ideal candidate is someone who loves learning new technologies and applying their expertise to unique and interesting technical challenges.
This is a full-time position at our facility in Southborough, MA. Occasional travel to our clients' sites for collaboration and integration activities may be required.
Responsibilities:Lead the software development efforts of a team of software engineers.Proactively lead agile team collaboration and communications to ensure everyone understands project goals and the importance of their individual roles.Collaborate with clients to determine project scope and priorities. Work towards translating clients' business needs into software requirements.Perform software architecture and design activities and communicate your designs to clients and internal team members.While partnered with an internal Project Manager, plan project tasks and manage resources to ensure projects are completed on time and within expected scope and budget, with a high level of customer satisfaction and attention to quality.Author and update Functional and Technical design documents.Coach and mentor software developers. Perform code review sessions and suggest improvements when appropriate.Execute with minimal guidance and strong initiative in a fast-paced environment.
Required Qualifications:A history of successfully managing multi-person product development teams.Because our clients' projects are extremely varied in nature, experience in product development for multiple platforms, including two or more of the following, is required: Windows/.NET, embedded / kiosk environments (bare metal, RTOS, Linux), mobile (iOS, Android), Qt/C++, Web.Demonstrated commitment to high quality.Bachelor's degree in computer science or related engineering discipline.

Essential Skills:10+ years' experience and high proficiency working in two or more of the following development environments:Microsoft WPF / C# / .NETEmbedded environments - bare metal, RTOS, QNX, embedded Linux / C / C++Qt / C++ / QMLMobile (iOS / Swift, Android / Kotlin)Web application and database using modern JavaScript frameworksExpert understanding of object-oriented design principles and modern software development best practices.
Strong hands-on technical abilities in programming, debugging and troubleshooting.Extremely strong written and verbal communication skills. Communication skills are extremely important as you will be interacting directly with clients.Software project estimation techniques.Experience using TFS, Jira or equivalent.
Nice to Have:Experience working on regulated medical device software and familiarity with relevant standards and regulations (e.g., ISO 13485, IEC 62304).Experience developing protocols for hardware device control.Experience developing software simulation of hardware devices.Experience as agile SCRUM master.Microsoft Certified Software Engineer
Experience with any of the following tools and technologies:MATLABMedical Imaging/DICOMImage AnalysisSignal ProcessingSQL/T-SQL
CompensationCompetitive salary and benefits including 401k, paid vacation time and health insurance.
1099 candidates are welcome to apply.At this time no Visa Sponsorship is being offered for the role now or in the future.Please no third party applications.We have two roles, one immediate temporary role and one full-time role. Candidates will be considered for both base on availability and location.
Job Type: Full-time
Education:Bachelor's (Required)
Company's website:

Permanent


Go to apply 

