Job Title = Senior Software Engineer

Responsibilities:

Key Technologies C#,. NET, MVC, SQL Server, REST
Experience level
Senior (7+ years)
Do you thrive on creating software that matters? Are you passionate about your craft and enjoy working with others who feel the same?
As an innovator in the operation of family entertainment centers, we are looking for experienced full-stack developers who would love to create cloud-based apps and APIs to power our software systems of the future.
In this role, you will design and develop solutions as part of a ground-up re-engineering of our software applications using the latest .Net and Web technologies...allowing you the freedom to let your technical capabilities shine.
Requirements & Skills
Experience with C#, ASP.NET MVC
Experience consuming REST API's and JSON
Experience with unit testing frameworks
Experience with Agile development processes, methodologies, and tools
Experience using source control, preferably Git
Bonus: prior experience using VB.NET
Bonus: prior experience with CI/CD tools -- Jenkins, Bamboo, Spinnaker, etc.
Bonus: prior experience with WIX Toolset
Bonus: prior experience with .Net Core, Docker and Kubernetes.
Qualifications
Minimum of 7 years' experience designing and implementing C# .NET based software systems.
Sound knowledge of modern development trends, technologies, and design patterns.
Authorized to work in the U.S. without a visa requiring sponsorship.
Cultural Fit
You have a passion for writing great code with the desire to achieve and exceed goals.
You are personally accountable for your work and love creating value for your users.
You have a desire for the team to succeed above personal preferences.
You are extremely technical, but also have a passion to constantly learn and develop new skills.
This position offers the opportunity to work remotely up to 80% of the time, but candidates MUST reside within a reasonable drive of our business location in Roxboro, NC.
Important
Applicants may be interviewed and hired prior to the closing date of this ad.
Must be authorized to work in the United States; candidates requiring Visa sponsorship WILL NOT be considered.
Must be willing to undergo a pre-employment background check and drug screen, in accordance with local law/regulations.
CenterEdge is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer



Go to apply 

