Job Title = SOFTWARE ENGINEER

Development

SOFTW05833
Full-Time
Ft. Lauderdale, FL, USA
Description

As a C# Software Engineer on TRADE, youll be embedded on an agile development team consisting of 30+ people. Youll get to work directly with other Developers, Product Analysts, Managers, and Directors, all of whom are dedicated to supporting our clients complex technical issues and providing the Ultimate customer experience. In this highly-collaborative environment, you will have the opportunity to grow as a C# Software Engineer and even help mentor others. As one of our team members, you will be part of our continued improvement and growth and expansion of coverage for our HR and Payroll Software Solution.
Here at Ultimate Software, we truly put our people first. We strongly believe in teamwork, and we encourage and trust our people to reach higher, learn more, and live up to their potential. Ultimate is ranked #1 on Fortune's Best Places to Work in Technology for 2019 and #8 on the 100 Best Companies to Work For list in 2019. Ultimate is also ranked #1 on Fortunes 75 Best Workplaces for Women and #5 on its Best Workplaces for Diversity list.
Primary/Essential Duties and Key Responsibilities:
Develop a moderate functional knowledge for all of our supported products (Payroll, Tax, Benefits,).
Work directly with clients to resolve their technical issues.
Be a leader on the team for issues involving your technical area of expertise.
Work closely with team members for debugging issues and determining root cause.
Work with core development team(s) to help explain issues and determine next actions.
Proactively communicate with clients and team members to keep them apprised of issue status and any commitment dates.
Mentor junior software engineers in your areas of expertise.
Participate in cross-training to expand your technical skillset. Proactively communicate with clients and team members to keep them apprised of issue status and any commitment dates.
Mentor junior software engineers in your areas of expertise.
Participate in cross-training to expand your technical skillset.
Proactively communicate with clients and team members to keep them apprised.
Required Qualifications:
(Knowledge, Skills and Abilities)
3 or more years experience as a key C#, ASP.NET software engineer on enterprise projects
Knowledge of OOP design patterns, SQL, Javascript, jQuery, CSS, HTML, Web forms, Java preferred
Agile or Lean experience such as Kanban or Scrum Programming methodologies preferred
Ability to write code and test your own work
Teamwork is a must
(Experience, Education, Certification, License and Training)
A degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, IT or a related field
Preferred Qualifications:
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Ability to handle multiple tasks under tight deadlines.
Strong analytical and problem solving ability.
Able to manage and maintain multiple concurrent projects.
Organized, hardworking, dedicated, with a strong sense of accountability.
Positive can do attitude.
Strong analysis, task management, and time management skills.
Team player.
* *Physical Requirements:
No unique physical demands are required for this job
Travel Requirements:
<10 %
This job description has been written to provide an accurate reflection of the current job and to include the general nature of work performed. It is not designed to contain a comprehensive detailed inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of the employees assigned to the job. Management reserves the right to revise the job or require that other or different tasks be performed when circumstances change.
Ultimate Software will reasonably accommodate employees with disabilities as defined by the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and other appropriate statutes. If you are an applicant and need a reasonable accommodation when applying for job opportunities within the Company or request a reasonable accommodation to utilize the Companys online employment application, please contact .
Posted: August 24, 2019


Go to apply 

