Job Title = Senior Software Engineer

Senior Software Engineer The Senior Software Engineer is responsible for producing and implementing functional software solutions.
This position will work with the internal development team to define software requirements and provide leadership on operational and technical projects.
Responsibilities include but not limited to:Act as a leader in the Scrum process according to the Agile Manifesto and best practices.Be a key contributor to the architectural design of the software.Design key software components using object-oriented techniques.Code and debug software components for all layers of our stack.Develop detailed unit tests for all your code.Conduct code reviews, document, and follow-up on issues.Lead the continuous improvement of the development process.Develop integration tests across multiple components of the software.No Travel expected.
This position is based at the home office in St.
Louis and is not remote.
Education and Experience Requirements:Minimum of Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience required Minimum of 8 years of experience in software engineering roles.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.Experience in an engineering role for a software or SaaS company is preferred but not required.
Must have experience and/or exposure to the following: C#, .Net, WebAPI JavaScriptHTML/CSSAngular (version 4 or latter)TypescriptAutomated Unit Testing (MSTest, nUuit)SQL DatabasesREST, JSON ServicesT-SQLDesign PatternsOO DesignAgileGit Preferred but not required skills include: .Net CoreAzure SQL, Storage, and App ServicesElastic StackRedisService Oriented DesignTDDBDDJira / ConfluenceMobile DevelopmentOAuth Visa sponsorship not available.
Must be eligible to work in the United States.
Other DutiesPlease note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job.
Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.
About Aspire Aspire Software offers business management software for landscaping and snow & ice companies.
Aspire’s cloud-based SaaS platform helps landscapers transform their business to provide better services, improve margins, and increase productivity.
Aspire is the 129 fastest growing software company in the country (Inc.
5000) and is based in Chesterfield, MO.
For more information, please visit


Go to apply 

