Job Title = Associate Software Engineer

Associate Software EngineerThe Associate Software Engineer is responsible for building high-quality, innovative and fully performing software that complies with coding standards and technical design.
The Associate Software Engineer will actively work with the internal development team in an Agile environment to gather user requirements, define system functionality and write code.
Responsibilities include but not limited to:Participate in our Scrum process according to the Agile Manifesto and best practices.Participate in the design key software components using object-oriented techniques.Code and debug software components for all layers of our stack.Develop detailed unit tests for all your code.Participate in code reviews, document, and follow-up on issues.No Travel expected.
This position is based at the home office in St.
Louis and is not remote.
Education and Experience Requirements:High School Diploma required.Minimum of 1-2 years of experience in software engineering roles or equivalent academic or internship experience.Excellent verbal and written communication skills.Experience in an engineering role for a software or SaaS company preferred but not required.
Must have experience and/or exposure to the following: C#, .Net, WebAPI JavaScriptHTML/CSSSQL DatabasesREST, JSON ServicesT-SQLDesign PatternsOO Design Preferred but not required skills include:Angular (version 4 or latter)TypescriptAutomated Unit Testing (MSTest, nUuit)Mobile DevelopmentAgileGit Visa sponsorship not available.
Must be eligible to work in the United States.
Other DutiesPlease note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job.
Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.
About Aspire Aspire Software offers business management software for landscaping and snow & ice companies.
Aspire’s cloud-based SaaS platform helps landscapers transform their business to provide better services, improve margins, and increase productivity.
Aspire is the 129 fastest growing software company in the country (Inc.
5000) and is based in Chesterfield, MO.
For more information, please visit


Go to apply 

