Job Title = Qa Or Service Or Manager Or Support jobs in Raleigh, NC, 27606

IQVIA  – 
Durham, NC, 27703
... position within QA and requires both strategic vision and personal tactical execution. Summary of Responsibilities: Collaborates with Quality counterparts at customers and with internal project teams to proactively promote, support and facilitate ...
- Lensa, Oct 07

IQVIA  – 
Durham, NC, 27713
... position within QA and requires both strategic vision and personal tactical execution. Summary of Responsibilities: Collaborates with Quality counterparts at customers and with internal project teams to proactively promote, support and facilitate ...
- Jobs2Careers, Oct 06

Apex Systems  – 
Raleigh, NC, 27601
QA Tester If interested, please send your resume to Lauren at [Click Here to Email Your Resum ] JOB DESCRIPTION: Serve as Tester Mid reporting to Tester Senior or Test Manager Under general supervision, carry out procedures to ensure that all ...
- Jobs2Careers, Oct 06

Apex Systems  – 
Raleigh, NC
QA Tester If interested, please send your resume to Lauren at JOB DESCRIPTION: Serve as Tester – Mid reporting to Tester – Senior or Test Manager Under general supervision, carry out procedures to ensure that all information systems products and ...
- Neuvoo, Sep 28

BioAgilytix  – 
Durham, NC
... Our fully integrated laboratory services support every stage of biologics development, from early discovery through pre ... Essential Responsibilities Able to perform Quality Assurance (QA) audits, inspections (internal/external) and monitoring ...
- Neuvoo, Oct 08

CELLECTIS  – 
Raleigh, NC, 27601
... Provides input based on knowledge and experience on QA Operations, procedures and CGMP issues. Provides Quality Assurance related support to all GMP departments Ensures timely issuance, review and approval of QA certificates, closure of Batch ...
- Jobs2Careers, Oct 05

Insigma  – 
Raleigh, NC, 27699
Job Title: QA Manager Job Location: Raleigh, NC Experience: 10 Years Need a QA manager with good experience in Salesforce. Healthcare back ground is a plus
- Jobs2Careers, Oct 08

BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  – 
Durham, NC, 27701
Job Title: Clinical QA Manager Department: Quality Assurance/ Regulatory Affairs Location: Durham, NC JOB SUMMARY The ... * Participate in the evaluation and qualification of CROs and other service providers * Assist with the preparation, ...
- StartwireL2, Oct 06

Cellectis  – 
Raleigh, NC, 27611
QA Operations Manager Raleigh, USA The Quality Assurance Operations Manager sets expectations and assures completion of ... and experience on QA Operations, procedures and CGMP issues. * Provides Quality Assurance related support to all GMP ...
- StartwireL2, Sep 28

FUJIFILM USA  – 
Morrisville, NC, 27560
... We are seeking a highly motivated individual to join us as a QA Validation Manager in our Contract Manufacturing site ... Represent QA Validation for internal and external audits and regulatory inspections Provide cross-functional support within ...
- Lensa, Oct 06
