
Do you enjoy helping people and solving their technical problems?
Become a Technical Support Engineer for our customers!
What Will You Be Doing?
If you are looking for a job in a call center because you like talking on the phone, well, you've come to the wrong place.
Our Support Engineers are not telephone assistants working according to a strict script.
They are experts with technical knowledge who can help our customers worldwide.
Typically, they do it via email or chat.
Coding via phone?
That's just madness!
Don't worry, you are not a lost soldier glued to a computer.
You will cooperate with specialists,developers, and solution architects who can help you resolve issues.
You can give them a very valuable thing in return - customer feedback.
You get to know the product from A to Z - enabling both your professional and career growth.You have the opportunity to apply for all kinds of certifications.
This job is all about being willing to help people.
You have to be able to understand their problems,understand the process, and see things in perspective.
We are not keeping a score of how many calls you make or how many emails you write per day.
We want to know whether you have helped your client resolve their problem and whether they are satisfied with the service.
And now for some of the technical skills we require: · Intermediate knowledge of C#, .Net, and the MVC software design pattern · Basic knowledge of HTML, CSS, SQL, and JavaScript Skills that would help, but are not required: · Experience with Content Management Systems (CMS), REST APIs, and GitHub · Familiarity with Visual Studio and Visual Studio Code · Understanding in other object oriented programming languages We offer: · Benefits package including healthcare, dental and vision plans · Company match on 401(k) contributions · Paid time off plans including vacation, holidays, and sick time · Challenging and interesting international work environment, cooperation with the colleagues at the company's HQ and a fully paid training in the Czech Republic.
Must work in our Bedford, NH location.

Permanent


Go to apply 

