Job Title = Machinist

Employee Type:
Full-Time
Location:
Cleveland, OH
Job Type:
Manufacturing, Engineering
Experience:
At least 3 year(s)
Date Posted:
9/11/2019
Job DescriptionPerforms manual machining functions on many types of machinery (i.e.: lathes, grinders, mills, saws, etc.) to support the manufacturing of tools, dies, fixtures and gauges
Responsible for supporting the construction of several products concurrently.
Interpret design blueprints to determine manufacturing plan
Perform operations within very close tolerances.
Have their own tools and toolbox
Ability to inspect own work.
Ability to work with Engineering and Programmingthroughout the manufacturing process
Able to operate multiple machinery; (Bridge Port, Grinders, Saws, EDM).
Comply with Corporate EHS, Quality and HR rules and standards
Qualifications
Ability to prioritize and handle multiple assignments.
Ability to effectively work / communicate as part of a die making team.
Ability to independently evaluate design specifications.
Basic Math and Trigonometry knowledge
Experience with general machining practices in a job shop environment
Five or more years of precision machining experience:
a) Mold making experience is a plus
b) Knowledge of custom tooling is a plus
Education:
High school graduate along with secondary machining training.
Employees must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position. This position is subject tothe International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) which requires U.S. person status. ITAR defines U.S. person as an U.S. Citizen, U.S. Permanent Resident (i.e. 'Green Card Holder'), Political Asylee, or Refugee.
Compliance With the Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Laws and Regulations
Arconic reaffirms its policy to provide equal employment opportunity in recruiting, hiring, upgrading and promotion, conditions and privileges of employment, company-sponsored training, access to facilities, educational assistance, social and recreational programs, compensation, benefits, transfers, discipline, layoffs, recalls or termination of employment to all employees without discrimination because of race, color, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity / expression, veteran status, genetic information, sex or age (within statutory limits).
We live our Values and measure our success by the success of our customers, shareholders, communities and people. Arconics success is driven by the advantage created by the collective efforts of its employees, and is dependent upon a diverse, inclusive environment that embraces change, new ideas, respect for the individual and fosters an equal opportunity for success. We have zero tolerance for discrimination, intimidation or harassment of any kind.


Go to apply 

