Job Title = Machinist

Job Summary

Do you love challenging, hands-on work that lets you learn about, operate, repair and maintain machines? Do you enjoy active work in a fast-paced environment with a focus on manufacturing processes? If so, we think our team would be a great fit for you. In the position of a machine operator, you will play a crucial role in ensuring customer satisfaction with our products and helping our company meet its production targets. In this role, you will have the opportunity to gain experience with a diverse array of machines and become part of a knowledgeable and supportive team.

Job Responsibilities
Learn, understand and follow company requirements for employee safety, product quality, and productivity.
Become aware of potential workplace hazards such as broken or malfunctioning machines and strive to ensure the safety of self and others by reporting any hazards immediately.
Communicate clearly with teammates and supervisors regarding all aspects of the job. Report problems that arise with machines, materials or personnel. Offer solutions where possible within the scope of the duties of the job. Provide complete, accurate documentation when required.
Learn and uphold company standards to ensure maximum customer satisfaction and optimize work efficiency. Strive to achieve company-specified production targets.
Keep workspace clean and organized to maximize safety and productivity. Offer suggestions for workspace improvement if needed.
Operate diverse machines related to the manufacturing process.
Stay up to date on and closely observe assembly and maintenance instructions. Be proactive about acquiring and maintaining any necessary certifications required for the position.
Inspect equipment, perform maintenance and repairs, and recommend and follow up on machine adjustments to improve performance.
Job Skills & Qualifications
Required

Strong commitment and ability to follow safety rules and procedures and utilize safety equipment
Ability to stand, walk, bend, kneel, and lift or push weights up to 50 pounds
Flexibility in terms of shift scheduling, including scheduling for overtime and holiday shifts
Preferred
High school diploma or GED
Previous experience in a manufacturing environment


Apply now

