Job Title = Machinist

Responsibilities

Extensive reading of blueprints, and hold dimension and tolerances on prints.
Setup and operate conventional machining equipment to manufacture parts to print specification.
Mount and Indicate parts less than .001” TIR.
Setup, input offsets, and tool compensation of CNC equipment
Setup and prove out programs and processes on CNC equipment.
Communicate with CNC programmer and management about production schedule.
Work efficiently and effectively on a consistent basis.
Follow and perform to standards, concepts, best practices and procedures.
Use inspection tools to verify dimensions and tolerances such as CMM, micrometers, indicators, etc.
Maintain equipment through preventive maintenance schedule.
Daily cleaning and organization of work area(s)
High attention to detail
Maintain work environment with the use of 5S and Lean principles.
Clearly communicate with management, internal customers, and co-workers.
Maintain professional level of organization with high attention to detail and quality.
Participate with all departments within facility to achieve goals.

We expect

Minimum: 5 years of on job training with combined conventional and CNC manufacturing equipment.
Preferred: Applied Science Degree, Vocational Trade in Machining, Certifications achieved through technical institute.
Preferred: 3 years experience in tool and die machining, processes, and technique’s.
Extensive use and operation of micrometers, indicators, and inspection tools.
Proficient in reading blue prints.
Mathematical calculations of part drawings.
Minimum five years’ experience in machining and manufacture of low or high volume parts.
Minimum five year experience in a manufacturing and industrial environment.
Excellent communication skills.

About us

Oerlikon is a leading global technology Group, with a clear strategy of becoming a global powerhouse in Surface Solutions, advanced materials and materials processing. The Group is committed to investing in value-bringing technologies that provide customers with lighter, more durable materials that are able to increase performance, improve efficiency and reduce the use of scarce resources. A Swiss company with over 100 years of tradition, Oerlikon has a global footprint of over 15 000 employees at 186 locations in 37 countries and sales of CHF 2.85 billion. Sustaining growth and improving profitability in 2018: order intake to increase up to CHF 3.4 billion, sales to around CHF 3.2 billion, and the EBITDA margin to improve to around 15 % (after investments).

Oerlikon Metco enhances surfaces that bring benefits to customers through a uniquely broad range of surface technologies, equipment, materials and services. With a dynamically growing network of locations worldwide Oerlikon Metco serves industries such as aviation, energy, oil & gas, automotive, industrial and other specialized markets. Join us and become a part of our future oriented, international team! We have a great benefits package including medical insurance, dental and vision, tuition reimbursement, health and wellness benefits, and 401(K).

Statement of Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action: Oerlikon Metco is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. It is the policy of Oerlikon Metco to provide for and promote equal employment opportunity in employment compensation and other terms and conditions of employment without discrimination based on age, race, creed, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, disability, marital status, Vietnam Era Veteran status, genetic predisposition, or carrier status. Oerlikon Metco is committed to assuring equal employment opportunity and equal access to services, programs and activities for individuals with disabilities. It is the policy of our company to provide reasonable accommodation to a qualified individual with a disability to enable such individual to perform the essential functions of the position for which he/she is applying or in which he/she is employed. Further, it is our policy to provide reasonable accommodation for religious observers.

The policy applies to all employment practices and actions. It includes, but is not limited to, recruitment, job application process, examination and testing, hiring, training, disciplinary actions, rate of pay or other compensation, advancement, classification, transfer, reassignment and promotions. If you require an accommodation during the application process or for issues concerning Affirmative Action/Equal Employment Opportunity please contact Human Resources.

*CA
*EQOM


Go to apply 

