Job Title = Machinist

Responsibilities:

Set up and operate a variety of machine tools to produce precision parts and instruments. Includes precision instrument makers who fabricate, modify, or repair mechanical instruments. May also fabricate and modify parts to make or repair machine tools or maintain industrial machines, applying knowledge of mechanics, mathematics, metal properties, layout, and machining procedures.
Calculate dimensions and tolerances using knowledge of mathematics and instruments such as micrometers and vernier calipers.
Machine parts to specifications using machine tools such as lathes, milling machines, shapers, or grinders.
Measure, examine, and test completed units in order to detect defects and ensure conformance to specifications, using precision instruments such as micrometers.
Set up, adjust, and operate all of the basic machine tools and many specialized or advanced variation tools in order to perform precision machining operations.
Align and secure holding fixtures, cutting tools, attachments, accessories, and materials onto machines.
Monitor the feed and speed of machines during the machining process.
Study sample parts, blueprints, drawings, and engineering information in order to determine methods and sequences of operations needed to fabricate products, and determine product dimensions and tolerances.
Select the appropriate tools, machines, and materials to be used in preparation of machinery work.
Lay out, measure, and mark metal stock in order to display placement of cuts.
Observe and listen to operating machines or equipment in order to diagnose machine malfunctions and to determine need for adjustments or repairs.
Check workpieces to ensure that they are properly lubricated and cooled.
Maintain industrial machines, applying knowledge of mechanics, shop mathematics, metal properties, layout, and machining procedures.
Position and fasten workpieces.
Operate equipment to verify operational efficiency.
Install repaired parts into equipment, or install new equipment.
Clean and lubricate machines, tools, and equipment in order to remove grease, rust, stains, and foreign matter.
Program computers and electronic instruments such as numerically controlled machine tools.
Confer with engineering, supervisory, and manufacturing personnel in order to exchange technical information.
Dismantle machines or equipment, using hand tools and power tools, in order to examine parts for defects and replace defective parts where needed.
Establish work procedures for fabricating new structural products, using a variety of metalworking machines.
Support metalworking projects from planning and fabrication through assembly, inspection, and testing, using knowledge of machine functions, metal properties and mathematics.
Confer with numerical control programmers in order to check and ensure that new programs or machinery will function properly, and that output will meet specifications.
Fit and assemble parts to make or repair machine tools.
Evaluate experimental procedures, and recommend changes or modifications for improved efficiency and adaptability to setup and production.
Design fixtures, tooling, and experimental parts to meet special engineering needs.
Install experimental parts and assemblies such as hydraulic systems, electrical wiring, lubricants, and batteries into machines and mechanisms.
Qualifications

High School diploma or GED; completion of vocational training or an apprenticeship will be an asset
Proven experience as a Machinist
Knowledge of properties of metal and other materials
Good at math with analytical abilities
Analytical Skills: Machinist need to create and read advanced blueprints to create specialized tools and molds.
Attention to Detail: Precision is key. Machinist need to make sure that their models and finished products are flaw free to the most minute detail.
Technical Skills: Machinist use CAD software and other computer programs to design and craft tools and diecasts.
Mechanical Skills: In addition to computer software, Machinist use a number of hand tools and large scale machines to finish their products.
Stamina: Machinist spend long hours on their feet, often bent over in the same position.


Go to apply 

