Job Title = Machinist

Studies blueprints, sketches, drawings, manuals, specifications, or sample parts to determine dimensions and tolerances of finished workpiece, sequence of operations, and setup requirements.
Measures, marks, and scribes dimensions and reference points on material or workpiece as guide for subsequent machining.
Selects, aligns, and secures holding fixtures, cutting tools, attachments, accessories, and materials on machines such as mills, lathes, jig borers, grinders, and shapers.
Calculates and sets controls to regulate machining factors such as speed, feed, coolant flow, and depth and angle of cut, or enters commands to retrieve, input, or edit computerized machine control media.
Starts and observes machine operation to detect malfunctions or out-of-tolerance machining, and adjusts machine controls or control media as required.
Verifies conformance of finished workpiece to specifications.
Sets up and operates machine on trial run to verify accuracy of machine settings or programmed control data.
Fits and assembles parts into complete assembly.
Verifies dimensions and alignment of assembly.
Installs machined replacement parts in mechanisms, machines, and equipment, and tests operation of unit to ensure functionality and performance.
Operates welding equipment to cut or weld parts.
Confers with engineers, production personnel, programmers, or others to resolve machining or assembly problems.
On Call – 100 %
Certificate from college or technical school; or six to twelve months of related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Basic Level – Microsoft Office: Outlook, Word, Excel, plus knowledge and experience with Machine Control Programming.
Mechanical/technical/interpersonal skills can be applied immediately to job duties.
Physical Requirements:Warehouse and Test Cell
While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms and talk or hear. The employee is frequently required to sit; climb or balance and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl.Form: HR-200-02 B (12-May-17) Page: 2 of 2
The employee must regularly lift and /or move up to 10 pounds, frequently lift and/or move up to 25 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus.
While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is frequently exposed to moving mechanical parts. The employee is frequently exposed to high, precarious places; fumes or airborne particles; toxic or caustic chemicals and outside weather conditions. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.
Our client is a certified manufacturing facility providing maintenance, overhauls, repairs and training solutions for the Arriel, Arrius, and Makila family of engines, modules, and accessories. In addition, our client assembles, tests and sells new engines and serves as a factory authorized Certified Maintenance Center providing light and deep maintenance, as well as designated parts replacement.
As an employee of Strom Aviation, you will receive benefits including holiday pay, longevity pay, access to a 401K program and insurance coverage (medical, dental, life, disability). We offer travel pay, bonuses, and other incentives for some positions as well. A referral is the best compliment we can get, and Strom Aviation offers 2 different referral programs for our employees.
Our recruiters strive to connect qualified individuals with opportunities. With hundreds of jobs across the nation, Strom offers opportunities no matter where you are.


Go to apply 

