Job Title = Machinist

Cooper Tire offers an entirely unique work experience because no matter what your title is, you’ll play a part in contributing to the development, manufacturing and marketing of some of the most innovative tire products in the world. Cooper is a fun and exciting place to work, and we easily stand apart from our competition. We’re constantly on the lookout for motivated individuals who lead by example and inspire others to greatness. The opportunities are endless and the rewards rich for those who believe that job satisfaction and career success begin with a satisfied customer. Careers are a Journey…Come Ride with Us!
The Machinist performs work associated with renovation, repair, fitting and assembly of metal parts of machinery or equipment for Maintenance or Plant Production. The scope of the work includes layout, setup, and operation of various machine tools used to fabricate and repair metal parts for company machinery and equipment. A Machinist must use a variety of instruments such as Calipers, Micrometers, Gauges, etc. Operate power equipment and uses hand tools. Obtain necessary material required for the job and complete proper job Work Orders or other documentation required within the Maintenance operation. Return unused materials to storage. Assist in maintaining inventory of replacement parts. Maintain good housekeeping in work area.
This position works a 12 hour shift; must be able to work any shift (day or night) on a 2-2-3 continuous operation work schedule which will include Saturdays and Sundays (2 on, 2 off, 3 on; on a repeating schedule).
Work environment:
The job is within a fast paced, heavy industrial environment.
The environmental conditions can be hot, cold, dirty, greasy, and noisy.
Safety is our highest priority and safety procedures / guidelines must be adhered to at all times. This includes safety wear such as hearing and eye protection, protective clothing and steel-toed shoes.
Punctuality and attendance are extremely important to the success of the operations in general as well as contributing to an overall positive team atmosphere. Dependable job attendance is expected.
Minimum qualifications:
Must be able to setup machines and perform machine, bench and hand work to include Turning, Boring, Grinding, Milling and all types of machining operations required to support Production, Maintenance, Engineering and miscellaneous equipment.
Must be able to read Blueprints. Must be able to use Blueprints, Sketches, Printed Instructions as well as verbal communication to select Cutting/Finishing Tools and to plan sequence of required operation to complete a wide variety of jobs.
Must be able to work close to tolerances using Micrometers, Calipers Scales, Gauges etc. to check work.
Plant Machinist must be able to replace belts, chains or other drive mechanisms and maintain and recondition shop equipment.
Should be able to perform a variety of bench operations to include fastening parts with bolts, pin, rivets and screws. Sub-assembles units to be fitted to machinery.
Must successfully pass an approved aptitude test administered by an outside party.
High School Diploma or an accredited G.E.D.
Special qualifications:
Must be able to setup and operate machine tools such as Milling Machines, Boring Mills, Lathes, Grinders, Drill Presses etc.
Must know which of the common metals can be heat treated and know the results that can obtained from the various heat treating processes.
Must be able to work to close tolerances using Scales, Gauges, Micrometers, Calipers etc.
Must be able to follow instructions and drawings to plan and perform assigned work.
Must have some knowledge of Rigging and handling heater materials and parts.
Attend Training Classes provided by the company to enhance knowledge and services required by the classification.
Cooper Tire is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We strive to recruit, develop and retain top candidates by providing an engaging culture and opportunities to grow and develop. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, status as an individual with a disability or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.


Go to apply 

