Job Title = Machinist

Duties

Summary

This position is located in the Die Manufacturing Division, United States Mint, Denver and Philadelphia.

Responsibilities

This opportunity is also open to under Announcement 19-MINT-438. Please refer to that announcement for details on open period, eligibility, and how to apply.
The following are the duties of this position at the GS-11. If you are selected at a lower grade level, you will have the opportunity to learn to perform all these duties, and will receive training to help you grow in this position.
Fabricate parts, products, and other items from blueprints, drawings, instructions, or samples. Prepare machine tools, including conventional and specialized, automated, and/or other non-standard equipment, to accomplish fabrication processes.
Plan the sequence of operations for work that requires innovative set-ups, techniques, and tools. Plan, coordinate, and/or perform related work processes, such as heat treating and annealing.
Troubleshoot CNC machines. Edit programs by machining a sample, checking dimensional accuracy, and make corrections through manual input or changes to the program.

Travel Required

Not required

Supervisory status

No

Promotion Potential

11

Job family (Series)

Similar jobs

Requirements

Conditions of Employment

Physical Requirements:
Description of Essential Tasks: Manufactures and repairs dies and tooling using grinders, CNC, toolmaker's furnaces, polishers, laser.
Perceived Exertion Level: light/moderate
AND
You must meet the screen-out element Ability To Do The Work Of The Position Without More Than Normal Supervision, normally addressed at the beginning of the online questions. In addition, you must also obtain an average score of two (2) on all other elements for this position as addressed through the online question in order to be considered minimally qualified.
The experience may have been gained in either the public or private sector or volunteer service. Be sure all experience is documented in your resume by indicating place of employment, job title, length of time performing the duties, and the name and contact information for the supervisor. We must be able to verify this experience in your resume in order for you to receive credit.

Qualifications

You must meet the following requirements by the closing date of this announcement.

Education

Additional information

- We may select from this announcement or any other source to fill one or more vacancies.
- This is a bargaining unit position.
- We offer opportunities for flexible work schedules.

CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT:
- A one year probationary period may be required.
- Public Trust – Background Investigation will be required.
- Must successfully complete a background investigation.
- Complete a to determine your suitability for Federal employment, at the time requested by the agency.
- If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, certify that you have registered with the or are exempt from having to do so.
- Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.
- Go through a Personal Identity Verification (PIV) process that requires two forms of identification from the . Federal law requires verification of the identity and employment eligibility of all new hires in the U.S.
- Shift Work: This division operates on two ten hour shifts, 4 days a week. Work schedules may vary and assignment to a specific shift cannot be guaranteed. The successful applicant must be available to work either shift subject to mission requirements.
- May be required to wear safety clothing and/or equipment required by the position. This may include safety shoes, hard hats, hearing protection, gloves, masks, etc.

How You Will Be Evaluated

You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.

Your application includes your résumé, responses to the online questions, and required supporting documents. Please be sure that your résumé includes detailed information to support your qualifications for this position; failure to provide sufficient evidence in your resume may result in a “not qualified” determination.

Rating: Your application will be evaluated in the following areas: Ability To Do The Work Of The Position Without More Than Normal Supervision (Screen-Out), Operation of Machine Tools, Technical Practices (theoretical, precise, artistic), Ability To Use Hand Tools for Machine Shop, Ability To Use Shop Drawings. Category rating will be used to rank and select eligible candidates. If qualified, you will be assigned to one of three quality level categories, superior, good, and acceptable, depending on your responses to the online questions, regarding your experience, education, and training related to this position. A subject matter expert may be used in the evaluation. Your rating may be lowered if your responses to the online questions are not supported by the education and/or experience described in your application.

Veterans' preference is applied after applicants are assessed. Preference-eligibles will be listed at the top of their assigned category and considered before non-preference-eligibles in that category. Qualified preference-eligibles with a compensable service-connected disability of 10% or more will be listed at the top of the highest category.

Referral: If you are among the top qualified candidates, your application may be referred to a selecting official for consideration. You may be required to participate in a selection interview. If you are a displaced or surplus Federal employee (eligible for the ) you must be assigned the middle category or better to be rated as “well qualified" to receive special selection priority.
To preview questions please .

Background checks and security clearance

Security clearance

Drug test required

No

Required Documents

A complete application includes 1. A résumé, 2. Vacancy question responses, and 3. Submission of any required documents. Please note that if you do not provide all required information, as specified in this announcement, you may not be considered for this position (or may not receive the special consideration for which you may be eligible).

All applicants are required to submit a résumé either by creating one in USAJOBS or uploading one of their own choosing. (Cover letters are optional.) To receive full credit for relevant experience, please list the month/date/year and number of hours worked for experience listed on your résumé. We suggest that you preview the online questions, as you may need to customize your résumé to ensure that it supports your responses to these questions. Please view résumé tips.

VETERANS' PREFERENCE DOCUMENTATION: If you are claiming veterans preference, please see . In order to be considered for veterans preference, you must submit all required documentation as outlined in the applicant guide.

CAREER TRANSITION ASSISTANCE PLAN (CTAP) OR INTERAGENCY CAREER TRANSITION ASSISTANCE PLAN (ICTAP) DOCUMENTATION: If you are a displaced or surplus Federal employee, click for eligibility and a detailed list of required documents.

Recommended Documents:
In addition, we recommend that you submit copies of the following:
- A list of awards received (if applicable). DO NOT send copies of awards.
- A copy of your most recent completed performance appraisal.

If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:

Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from .
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.

This job originated on . For the full announcement and to apply, visit . Only resumes submitted according to the instructions on the job announcement listed at will be considered.


Apply now

