Job Title = Engineer

The Rising Stem Ball Valve (RSBV) engineering role is intended for a highly technical and experienced engineer. This engineer is very experienced with RSBV applications and designs including engineered to order and custom special valves that are found from our most complex customer applications. As a recognized technical leader in the industry, this engineer advances the functionality, reliability and cost-effectiveness of Flowserve valve products including aftermarket solutions in a way that improves Flowserve’s competitiveness in the marketplace. This will also be in alignment with our strategic imperatives. This Engineer works with other senior engineers that are experts on their respective product lines. This engineer will support the engineered valve factories across the business with a focus on the Sulphur Springs Texas factory. He/She will also work with our design center in Bangalore India and manufacturing center in MM Nagar India. He/She works with our sales team to present our technical expertise to our customers and gain the confidence of our customers to win orders and be recognized as a solution provider for complex and/or special applications. He/she should be willing to transfer their knowledge throughout the local and global engineering teams to improve the performance of these teams. At times it will be required to work directly with the engineering teams in creating designs, drawings, BOM’s and completing analysis. He/She will also oversee and support the assembly and testing of complex products during the production, testing and validation process. A Principle Engineer serves as a constant advocate for the safety of our products and processes, best practices for improving the effectiveness of our internal engineering and R&D processes, and a custodian for the long-term development of technical talent within our Engineering and R&D workforce.
Position Requirements:
· Technical leader for RSBV valves in the Sulphur Springs factory with a focus on the requirement for North America Market.
· Ensure product safety through proper review/design and worksite safety through championing FLS policies and procedures
· Provide excellent responsive and customer-centric support to both internal and external customers. Establish communication and collaboration as the standard for FLS
· Support the capture and documentation of engineering/R&D best practices and know-how – for both products and processes - to ensure that knowledge can be transferred effectively throughout the organization and that other associates are able to benefit from the collective wisdom embodied within the technical community
· Collaborate with Product Management to identify existing or anticipated technology gaps in our product or services portfolio and then act as lead investigator in researching new or alternative technologies to meet the defined needs in alignment with Flowserve market imperatives.
· Work with the other valve experts in the Flowserve business in the technical aspects of a products or applications.
· Advance Flowserve’s technical standing in the marketplace.
· Serve as a technical mentor and trainer to facilitate effective knowledge transfer in area of expertise to targeted technical staff in Sulphur Springs factory and sales and quotation teams. Advance Flowserve’s technical capabilities and sustain our long-term competency in these areas.
Principal Responsibilities:
Product technical leader of the Houston based engineering team to support Engineered valve factories.
Preferences:

Education: (4) Year engineering degree required

Exceptional communication and relationship skills across all disciplines in the business & factories

Minimum of 10 years’ experience in RSBV (Rising Stem Ball Valve) production engineering & design, production and manufacturing support (Machine shop & Assembly). Also includes experience with direct customer interactions, as well as sales and quotations support. Experience with engineering modeling and design tools (Ansys, SolidWorks, Enovia, Catia, etc.)

Significant engineering experience with the RSBV valves Market, high pressure, special valve products, with a focus on sizing and selecting all products including severe service, actuation, and instrumentation

Individual should be detail oriented, deadline driven, customer focused, a strategic thinker and problem solver

Strong knowledge transfer and mentoring skills in group and individual situations

Demonstrate a high degree of competency and dedication to educating both customers and the Flowserve engineering community on the development, deployment and application of the associated technologies and products or services

Be recognized by peers within the industry, academia or government researchers and related professional societies as having extraordinary technical knowledge as evidenced by a significant volume of patents, publications and presentations in peer-reviewed symposiums, conferences and conference proceedings, and other industry recognized publications

Demonstrate a high degree of competency and dedication to apply leading-edge processes and tools to all aspects of duties and responsibilities, including but not limited to Voice of the Customer, Value Analysis/Value Engineering, Design for Six Sigma, Requirements Management and Traceability, Risk Management, Failure Mode and Effect Analysis, and Project Management

Possess strong organizational and interpersonal skills with the ability manage a cross functional team

Excellent reputation, with the ability to influence change in a matrix management environment.

English, Italian are required.German and other language skills are helpful

Experience in Oracle or SAP MRP systems

Understand and implement the Continuous Improvement Process for projects and processes (CIP).

Demonstrate a high degree of competency and understanding of key structured development processes, including but not limited to Flowserve’s PDP, TDP, ECPI, and PoC policies, as well as generic DMAIC, DMADV, and other commonly-implemented best practices

Demonstrate a high degree of understanding of international methods and tools for protecting intellectual property, included but not limited to Patents, Trademarks, Trade Secrets, and Copyrights, as well as the ability to pro-actively apply them intelligently on an as-required basis


Go to apply 

