Job Title = Machinist

Experienced Machinists Wanted!
The MPG Machinist is expected to be familiar with OD and surface grinding as well as manual lathe and manual mill. Machinist must be capable, or capable of learning to grind chrome and nickel under supervision and a structured training program. This person will also learn to shot peen parts. Requires knowledge of Bridgeport end mill as individual will set-up parts and machine on manual Bridgeport mill and Leblond lathe. Machinist must understand the purpose and scope of each process area, including machining and grinding; must become independent in cleaning processes and equipment maintenance. Must know and follow equipment safety guidelines. Will learn visual inspection through a supervised apprenticeship. Will work with mentor to learn intricacies. Will learn and perform more advanced repair work involving more valuable components. Must understand proper handling of metals and cutting/grinding machinery. Will complete all WO paperwork relative to task. Must achieve efficiency and broader understanding of reference materials. Must be proficient in precise measurement and use of instruments such as micrometers, dial indicators, etc. Will be required to assist the Operations Manager in preventive maintenance of equipment in the department per company and equipment manufacturing guidelines.

Must be familiar with or able to learn FAA requirements related to inspection and repair. In addition must be able to read and interpret OEM repair manual instructions. Must be willing to work in and learn lean/six sigma for continuous improvement initiatives. The Machinist is expected to practice exemplary conduct and work ethics at all times. The ability of Shop employees to function as a compatible team is imperative to our overall success, and the machinist must participate with initiative, positive approaches to problem solving/prevention, and commitment to quality.

Requirements: High School Diploma or GED. 2 plus years of machining experience and/or equivalent. Experience with both manual and CNC equipment preferred. Position requires ability to be willing to learn how to operate crankshaft grinders and Norton Strut grinder with CNC control. Prefer that individual has skills on HAAS CNC turning center and CNC lathe (HAAS mill and HAAS lathe). Ability to interpret and follow repair instructions from OEM manuals (read, write, understand drawings, follow detailed instructions and work alone). Must be able to read blueprints and to use an assortment of measuring devices. Must be able to machine parts with tolerances as low as .0002." An aptitude for detailed mechanical work and methodical trouble-shooting is essential. Writing skills and accuracy are required for documentation. Effective interaction with co-workers and management required. Willingness to assist others very important. Basic computer skills required. Individual must have good work habits and be motivated. Employees use Quantum (which can be taught) for work orders. Aviation experience a plus. PACS is a Drug-free Workplace and safety sensitive employees are randomly drug-tested. As necessary, overtime may be required at company need.

Piedmont Aviation Component Services does not discriminate in hiring or employment on the basis of race, color, sex, religion, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, national origin, citizenship, military status, or on the basis of age with respect to persons 18 years or older.


Go to apply 

