Job Title = Press Or Metal Or Crane Or Brake Or West jobs in Raleigh, NC, 27606

Micro Tech Staffing - North Carolina  – 
Raleigh, NC
2nd shift press brake operator needed for a busy company in the Raleigh area. Candidates need to have 2+ years of brake experience and be able to set up the machines. Amada or Cincinnati brake experience is needed. Some of the bend sheets are very ...
- ZipRecruiter, Oct 08

EMCOR Group Inc.  – 
Raleigh, NC
Southern Industrial/ Southern Crane is seeking... Mechanic for the Raleigh, NC shop full time and Columbia, SC shop full ... • Climb up onto, under, & into vehicles, uses hand & power tools to disassemble/re assemble: sheet metal, engines, ...
- Neuvoo, Oct 01

Metal Roofing Corporation  – 
Raleigh, NC, 27610
... We install all types of Architectural metal wall & Fiber cement siding panel systems. We are looking for long term employees. We need Laborers that are willing to learn and move up or experienced installers & crew leaders as well as project managers ...
- Jobs2Careers, Oct 08

Oxford University Press, Inc.  – 
Cary, NC, 27518
... Job-holder will perform other related duties to meet the ongoing needs of the department and the Press. We are committed to supporting diversity in our workforce, and ensuring an inclusive environment where all individuals can thrive. We seek to ...
- StartwireL2, Oct 03

Reading Crane & Engineering  – 
Raleigh, NC
... The Crane Technician, at job site, will follow direction given by the Field Superintendent or Foreman leading the job. PRIMARY DUTIES: Ability to work well with others and work as a member of the Reading Crane & Engineering team Inspect, repair, and ...
- ZipRecruiter, Sep 29

Oxford University Press, Inc.  – 
Cary, NC, 27518
We are the world's largest university press. We have both a worldwide reach and a personal understanding of local needs, partnering on the ground to adapt publications and resources to meet the individual needs of communities, societies, and ...
- StartwireL2, Oct 08

Oxford University Press, Inc.  – 
Cary, NC, 27518
We believe that the skills you bring to OUP are just a starting point. We want you to have the opportunity to expand your abilities, and innovate and develop in areas which both interest you, and support your aspirations. As Marketing Coordinator...
- StartwireL2, Oct 04

Oxford University Press, Inc.  – 
Cary, NC, 27518
Education changes lives forever. It broadens horizons, breaks down barriers, and fires imaginations. Like the University of Oxford of which we are a part, we are committed to uncompromising standards, freedom of expression, and the enrichment of...
- StartwireL2, Sep 18

Monro Muffler/Brake  – 
Cary, NC
... These are the services we provide: Engine Diagnostics A/C system services Fluid changes Scheduled maintenance Maintenance inspections Brake services Steering and suspension services Battery or electrical services Tune-Ups Shock and strut replacement ...
- Neuvoo, Sep 30

STATS  – 
Durham, NC, 27701
Automated Insights, a division of STATS Perform is looking for a Senior Sales Executive - West Coast : WHAT YOU'LL DO : ... Our Wordsmith platform turns raw data into written narratives for clients like Activision, Yahoo!, and the Associated Press. ...
- Jobg8, Oct 04
