Job Title = Machinist

Title: Machinist
City: Santa Rosa
State: CA
ZIP: 95403
Job Type: Contract-To-Hire
Hours: 40
Salary: $26/hr
Job Code: EB-

Tekberry is looking for a highly qualified and motivated Machinist to work on-site with our client, a top-tier aerospace company in Santa Rosa, CA.
This is a direct hire position that will see the ideal candidate working alongside industry leading talent in a world-class environment.

Shift is Friday-Sun 5:30 am - 6 pm
Job Description:
Performs various machine operations in cutting and shaping a variety of materials to precision dimensions.
Setup and operate CNC equipment such as CNC lathes and CNC mills.
Understand and edit G-Code programming.
Setup and operate manual machines such as milling machines, engine lathes, chuckers, and surface grinders.
Machine and inspect parts to ensure conformance to specifications.
Select and machine various materials such as aluminum, brass, stainless steel, various plastics, etc.
Correctly read and interpret prints/drawings.
Perform tool grinding on carbide and high-speed tool bits and drills.
Use shop mathematics including trigonometry.
Perform precision measuring inspection of parts using micrometers, dial indicators and other instruments.
Setup and operate shop secondary machinery such as cutoff saws, drill presses, vises, bench and other tool grinders, abrasive saw, tumblers, etc.
Perform manual deburring.
Maintain a sufficient set of personal tools to do your job.
Understand and accurately complete all shop paperwork such as routings, and lot numbers.
Produce and maintain set-up sheets.
Perform routine maintenance on shop machinery such as, oil machines, maintain coolant etc.
Maintain high quality and safety standards.
Participate in continuous improvement and team building activities.
Perform other tasks as assigned by department supervisor.
Qualifications:
Minimum of HS diploma. Some college or trade school preferred.
Requires a minimum of two years related experience.
Computer literate; basic understanding of common programs.
Excellent manual dexterity and hand/eye coordination; familiarity with various measuring equipment.
Good understanding of the working qualities of various metals
Versatility, flexibility, and a willingness to work within constantly changing priorities with enthusiasm
Acute attention to detail; ability to perform the physical labor necessary.
Able to lift up to 65 pounds.
The work must be done on-site, so telecommuting will not be possible. Please submit your resume with salary requirements. Principals only; no third parties or off-shore companies. No phone calls please.

As a W2 employee you will have access to health benefits.

Tekberry Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other protected categories under all applicable laws.


Go to apply 

