Job Title = Machinist

Overview
We are currently recruiting for a full-time machinist, skilled in all areas of machine shop operations. The position requires the ability to work with and without prints, on ProtoTrak milling machines and lathes, manual lathes, surface grinders, and CNC lathes.

Position is full-time, first shift, with Health Insurance (starts first day), Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Paid Holidays/Vacation and 401K Plan.
Compensation: $31.50 per hour.Responsibilities
Design, manufacture, analyze, and repair tooling and fixtures for the production department.
Support the maintenance department with machined parts and repair as needed.
Support engineering department with the manufacturing of parts and prototyping.
Run production work on manual equipment.
Weld and re-machine damaged parts back to production specifications.
Polish metals to specified surface finish as necessary.
Utilize cutting, grinding, and manual tools in support of general repair activity.
Ability to meet the physical demands of the job.
Document work and create prints as required.Qualifications
Machinist Schooling and/or apprenticeship required
Apprentice Training Certificate (preferred, not required)
ProtoTrak and Haas experience (preferred, not required)
Injection molding experience (preferred, not required)
Autodesk Software (Autocad, Inventor, Fusion360) experience (preferred, not required)

EOE M/F/D/V/SOEEO Statement
Exide Technologies is an equal opportunity employer where an applicant's qualifications are considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other basis prohibited by law.About Exide
Exide Technologies is a global provider of stored electrical-energy solutions for the transportation and industrial markets. Exide s 130 years of technology innovation combined with operations in more than 80 countries enables the company to deliver compelling solutions for the world s current and future power needs. Exide produces and recycles a broad range of products, serving the Transportation, Industrial Network Power and Motive Power market segments with battery and energy storage systems and specialty applications for a broad range of industries including: agricultural, automotive, electric, light and heavy-duty truck, marine, materials handling, military, mining, powersport, railroad, security, telecommunications, utility and uninterruptible power supply (UPS), among others. Exide is Powering the World Forward - history and scale combined with a start-up mentality make Exide the right choice for customers who want more than simply a battery supplier.


Go to apply 

