Job Title = Machinist

Abbott is a global healthcare leader that helps people live more fully at all stages of life. Our portfolio of life-changing technologies spans the spectrum of healthcare, with leading businesses and products in diagnostics, medical devices, nutritionals and branded generic medicines. Our 103,000 colleagues serve people in more than 160 countries.

Assists with the supervision of assigned personnel by scheduling, overseeing & training employees while still being actively involved with similar duties and tasks as Model Makers. Collaborates closely with engineers to provide expertise in the design and manufacture of precision, hard-form, three-dimensional representations of R&D ideas or concepts. Interprets blueprints for fabrication or prototypes. Sets up and operates various manual and automatic machines in a safe and efficient manner to produce parts requested by customer's. - (Northern California)

RESPONSIBILITES

+ Responsible for compliance with applicable Corporate and Divisional Policies and procedures.

+ Reviews job packages received from lead or supervisor by reading and interpreting blueprints sketches or drawings to identify potential design impracticalities and begin to develop production process.;

+ Recognizes problems relative to unusual materials, machine settings, tools, product specifications, and impractical design to aid engineers in producing the part of highest quality.;

+ Communicates design-related concerns and issues to engineers and suggest alternate production methods, materials, or cuts that may be more feasible, but still fulfill the functionality requirements.;

+ Determines sequence of operation, number and type of cuts required, and method of set-up that will produce the desired end product.;

+ Programs blueprint specifications graphically in Mastercam system to prepare complex designs for machining process.;

+ Procures requested material, cuts, and trims to workable size in preparation for machining.;

+ Prepares parts for machining by choosing appropriate drills and/or end mills to produce requested design and adjusting existing vice equipment or building jigs to secure part in place.;

+ Programs the Electrical Discharge Machine (EDM), Anilam computer and CNC milling machines by entering part dimensions, tolerance, and required cuts into system to produce required design.;

+ Operates a variety of manual and automatic machines (e.g., mills, lathes, CNCs, grinders, EDMs, presses, saws, drills) to shape parts as outlined in the blueprints or CAD system.;

+ Troubleshoots problems with production process and develops on the spot and long-term solutions to process and functionality obstacles.;

+ Leads people effectively.;

+ Monitors parts throughout the production process by visually observing cuts and by measuring them using specified measuring tools (e.g., micrometers, scales, rulers, protractors, calipers, comparator, toolmakers microscope, calculators) and by referencing blueprints to ensure that they meet all blueprint specifications.;

+ Acts as a back-up for the supervisor.;

+ Skilled motivator capable of ensuring the coordination of work to achieve objectives.;

+ Supports company objectives.;

+ May counsel employee's in initial stages of performance problems.

+ Minimal supervision. Receives instruction in the form of objectives to be completed within extensive technical expertise. Projects reviewed at project milestones or completion.

SCOPE OF WORK

+ May provide work direction to other employees in work group.;

+ Plans and organizes project assignments of substantial variety and complexity.

+ Initiates or maintains schedule for projects and project milestones. Establishes priorities of individual or project assignments.;

+ Solves complex problems requiring extensive interpretation of procedures and practices to provide leadership in evolving projects. Selects methods and practices to solve problems using ingenuity, creativity, and a high degree of independent action and initiative.

+ Proposes solutions independently. Makes decisions on projects. Develops and implements projects from concept to completion.

EDUCATION

Two-year degree with 6+ years related experience or equivalent combination of education and technical work

experience. May also require a license or certification in expertise.

+ Applies extensive knowledge of complex technical concepts and practices, and a complete understanding of product or systems fundamentals in a functional area and working knowledge of other related disciplines.

+ Utilizes/interprets advanced numerical and statistical data and/or computer software programs to present documentation and analysis and resolve production, technical, or systems problems.

An Equal Opportunity Employer

Abbot welcomes and encourages diversity in our workforce.

We provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities.

To request accommodation, please call or email


Go to apply 

