Job Title = Machinist

Machinist2019-05-06T16:38:10.057

Job description

1.0 Summary of Job Purpose:Sets up and operates conventional, special purpose, and numerical control (NC) machines and machining centers to fabricate metallic and nonmetallic parts by performing the following duties

2.0 Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

+ ?Studies blueprints, sketches, drawings, manuals, specifications, or sample parts to determine dimensions and tolerances of finished workpiece, sequence of operations, and setup requirements.

+ ?Measures, marks, and scribes dimensions and reference points on material or workpiece as guide for subsequent machining.

+ ?Selects, aligns, and secures holding fixtures, cutting tools, attachments, accessories, and materials on machines such as mills, lathes, jig borers, grinders, and shapers.

+ ?Calculates and sets controls to regulate machining factors such as speed, feed, coolant flow, and depth and angle of cut, or enters commands to retrieve, input, or edit computerized machine control media.

+ ?Starts and observes machine operation to detect malfunctions or out-of-tolerance machining, and adjusts machine controls or control media as required.

+ ?Verifies conformance of finished workpiece to specifications.

+ ?Sets up and operates machine on trial run to verify accuracy of machine settings or programmed control data.

+ ?Fits and assembles parts into complete assembly.

+ ?Verifies dimensions and alignment of assembly.

+ ?Installs machined replacement parts in mechanisms, machines, and equipment, and tests operation of unit to ensure functionality and performance.

+ ?Operates welding equipment to cut or weld parts.

+ ?Confers with engineers, production personnel, programmers, or others to resolve machining or assembly problems.

+ ?On Call - 100 %

3.0 Scopes and Accountabilities:

+ ?Follows proscribed procedures with alterations, informing supervisor promptly; requests expenditures. Divulging of confidential and/or sensitive information may lead to lawsuits.

4.0 Required Competencies; Education / Knowledge / Skills and Abilities:

+ ?Certificate from college or technical school; or six to twelve months of related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.

+ ?Basic Level - Microsoft Office: Outlook, Word, Excel, plus knowledge and experience with Machine Control Programming.

+ ?Mechanical/technical/interpersonal skills can be applied immediately to job duties.

5.0 Physical Requirements:

+ ?While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms and talk or hear. The employee is frequently required to sit; climb or balance and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl.

+ ?The employee must regularly lift and /or move up to 10 pounds, frequently lift and/or move up to 25 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, peripheral vision, depth perception

Company informationSafran Helicopter Engines

Safran is an international high-technology group, operating in the aircraft propulsion and equipment, space and defense markets. Safran has a global presence, with more than 91,000 employees. Working alone or in partnership, Safran holds world or European leadership positions in its core markets. Safran pursues a continuous strategy of differentiation through innovation and undertakes extensive ongoing research and development programs.

Safran is ranked among the Top 100 Global Innovators by Thomson Reuters and is featured on the "Happy at work" rankings. The Group places fourth on the Universum ranking for the favorite companies of newly-qualified engineers in France.

Safran Helicopter Engines is the world's leading manufacturer of helicopter engines, with more than 72,000 produced since being founded. It offers the widest range of helicopter turboshafts in the world and has more than 2,500 customers in 155 countries.

Key information

Means and equipment maintenanceProductionTechnician

Grand prairie, Texas, UNITED STATES

Regular Full time, Full-time

High School diploma, A Level

More than 3 years

2018-66946


Go to apply 

