Job Title = Machinist

Machinist
Category: Light Industrial/Manufacturing
Description:
We have an outstanding Contract position for aMachinistto join a leading Company located in the Wellington, KSsurrounding area.
To mill, drill, bore or ream parts from extrusions, bar stock, forging, plate, assemblies or composites that meet or exceed the specifications of our customers using CNC programs, conventional machines, and spar mills.
Job Duties and Responsibilities:

Advanced blueprint capabilities, including the ability to find or calculate missing dimensions.

Ability to work with the following departments: tooling, quality, engineering, scheduling and other departments as necessary.

Be aware of upcoming part numbers to evaluate if problems could arise.

Maintain a log book of problems encountered during the production run and communicate these issues to Lead Person/Supervisor/Engineering/Programming.

Evaluate methods to move the maximum amount of the internal setup time to external setup time and decrease production times where possible.

Troubleshoot quality problems.

Maintains At or Above Expectations on reviews and has no open reprimands.

Maintains the shop average efficiencies.

Ability to perform shop floor editing and programming as required to maintain throughput or to build needed items to improve quality or productivity.

Demonstrate basic lead person (leadership) skills, i.e., Fill in as a lead person when required.

Demonstrate good work ethics and lead by example.

Maintain at or above average shop efficiencies.

Consistently scores Above Expectations on reviews.

Proficient in documenting Critical Problem Reports, Planning Change Requests, and Process Improvements Requests.

Be able to plan next setup(s) and ensure that the following are up-to-date and available: setup packet, programs, prints, charts, fixtures, cutters, and cams, etc.
Requirements:

High School Diploma or equivalent.

Minimum of 2+ years of experience.

Completion of any assigned training (blueprint, math, SPC, etc.).
Company Description:
TAD PGS, INC. specializes in delivering secure, reliable and rapidly implemented workforce solutions to the U.S. Federal marketplace, including U.S. Government agencies and their prime contractors. With more than 50 years of experience, TAD PGS, INC. has earned a reputation for accountability, a value that government agencies and prime contractors both demand and deserve.TAD PGS, INC. sources professionals for the full spectrum of federal positions, from administrative to management, and those contracts requiring extremely niche-oriented technical skills and the highest levels of security clearance.VEVRAA Federal Contractor / Request Priority Protected Veteran Referrals / EOE Protected Veterans/Disability
Location: Wellington, KS
Minimum Experience (yrs): 2
Required Education: H.S. diploma or equivalent


Go to apply 

