Job Title = Machinist

ABOUT ORCHIDOrchid Orthopedic Solutions is a worldwide leader in design and manufacturing for the orthopedic and medical device markets, including joint reconstruction, spine, trauma, sports medicine, extremities and dental. The company is able to do this by compressing time to market, providing new technologies and being the best total supply-chain value. Orchid provides expertise in design and development, quality and regulatory support, implant manufacture, advanced machining, plastics technology, instrument manufacturing, implant coatings, surface treatments, and packaging services . With 14 world-class facilities located around the globe, Orchid continues to provide others an opportunity to live a better life through the products, services and the way the company conducts business. Orchid employs approximately 2,000 people in four countries - US, UK, Switzerland, and Chi na.
Additional information on the company can be found at
SUMMARY OF POSITIONThe Machine Operator/Machinist Ill, Orchid Oregon, performs set up of moderately complex jobs and operation of CNC equipment, ensuring that all required processes are completed to machine finished products to customer specifications in accordance with established policies and procedures .
The Machine Operator/Machinist Ill, Orchid Oregon reports to the Finishing Department Operations Supervisor.
KEY JOB RESPONSIBILITIES

Set up moderately complex jobs and operate conventional, special-purpose and computerized numerical control (CNC) machines to fabricate metallic parts.

Review and understand blueprints, sketches, drawings, manuals, specification, or sample parts to determine dimensions and tolerances of finished work piece, sequence of operations and set -up requirements

Select, align and secure holding fixtures, cutting tools, attachments, accessories and materials on machines, such as mills, lathes, grinders and tooling pre-setter.

Calculate and set controls to regulate machining factors, such as speed, feed, and coolant flow.

Load programs into CNC machine and execute program to accurately machine parts to meet customer specifications.

Set up and operate machine on trial run to verify accuracy of machine settings to programmed control data ensuring functionality and performance,

Start and observe machine operation to detect malfunctions or out-of-tolerance machining and adjust machine controls or control media as required.

Verify conformance of finished work piece to specifications, using precision measuring instruments .

Confer with engineers, production personnel, programmers or others to resolve machining or assembly problems.

Complete essential documentation as required

Use hand truck, pallet jack, carts to safely transport product .

Maintain work area, tools and equipment in a clean and organized condition.

Detect and report faulty equipment, defective material and any unusual conditions to the department supervisor or lead.

Follow designated safety rules and regulations.

Support Lean Manufacturing and EHS initiatives.

Perform other duties as required or directed by the Department Supervisor or Lead.
EXPERIENCE
Three years Manufacturing experience preferred
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES

Ability to use adjustable measuring instruments

Basic understanding of interpreting dimensional call-outs, and finish specifications on prints.

Ability to visually detect defects

Blue Print reading

Understanding of GD&T

Experience with use of G codes

Ability to run automated equipment

Ability to apply logic and reasoning to solve problems, including identifying strengths/weaknesses, locating alternative solutions and conclusions, and approaches to problems; and making high-quality, timely decisions
EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATION
High School or equivalent
ABOUT OUR VALUES AND LEADERSHIP COMPETENCIESValues:Integrity First : We Do the Right Thing Teamwork : We Are All Connected Relentless Pursuit: We Are Driven & Curious
PHYSICAL DEMANDS

Work performed in manufacturing environment where exposure to a number of elements occurs.

Lifting of materials to 25# up to 8 hours/day

Lifting of materials to 35# 33% of the time

Requires repetitive grasping, fingering, manipulation of materials.
OTHER REQUIREMENTS

Candidates offered employment must submit to a pre-employment background check and pre-employment drug test

Candidates must be able to provide proof of eligibility to work in the United States through eVerify

Use of PPE per JHA

Visual acuity equal to Jaeger #2 at not less than 12" corrected or uncorrected in at least 1 eye.
Disclaimer: This Job Description is only a summary of the typical functions of the job, not an exhaustive or comprehensive list of all possible responsibilities, tasks, and duties, and does not limit the assignment of additional duties for this position.EOE, including disability/vets.
Position: Machinist
Company: Orchid Orthopedics Solutions
Job Location(s): Oregon City, OR
Employment Term: Regular
Employment Type: Full Time
Work Hours (i.e. shift): 3rd Shift
Starting Salary Range: Not Provided
Required Education: High School or Equivalent
Required Experience: Open
Required Security Clearance: None
Related Categories: Production - General, Skilled Trades - Machinist


Go to apply 

