Job Title = Machinist

Position Summary:
Within a team environment, perform the functions of a skilled Machinist/Tool and Die maker capable of operating all necessary machine shop equipment and applicable measuring instruments pursuant to the fabrication of tooling/dies and associated equipment while adhering to strict manufacturing tolerances 0.0001") essential to the quality performance of the operations.
Essential Functions:

Maintenance and overhaul of all gearboxes, pumps and other production equipment.

Ability to execute machining tasks and other work from engineering drawing, written procedures or, verbal instructions.

Measure/make calculations for raw material requirements, select tooling/equipment and appropriate jigs and fixtures and their setups.

Maintain inventory information and cause the adequate resupply of Machine Shop tooling and raw materials as necessary.

Catalog, organize and issue all production tooling.

Assist all production and electrical/mechanical personnel as needed.

Occasional production work as required to cover breaks, lunches, vacations and absenteeism.

Responsible for housekeeping in maintenance and General shop, as well as in areas where work has been performed in the production area.

Adhere to all safety regulations, guidelines, JSA's, policies, procedures, and/or directives. Employ safe work habits at all times. Report any hazards to supervision without delay. Excercises proper care and protection of company property.

Operate mobile equipment, including forklift trucks, lifts, and booms to assist with all production work

Work within a team environment.

Demonstrate necessary mathematical ability regarding fractions, decimals, complex angles and radii.

Perform other duties as directed by supervision.
Equipment:
Manual and numerical control lathes and mills, inside and outside diameter grinders, surface grinders, drill presses, saws, tooling, various power and hand tools, engineering drawings/sketches, micrometers, dial indicators and other precision measuring instruments.
EDUCATION: High School Diploma or Equivalent; Two-Year Trade School required without minimum manufacturing experience
EXPERIENCE: Five years machinist/tool and die experience; Will consider a Two-Year Technical degree
REQUIRED SKILLS: Mechanical Aptitude, proficient with all tools of the trade, ability to read blueprints and drawings, handbook specifications, equipment manuals, parts lists and other material related to the trade.
PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS: Ability to kneel, stoop, crawl, squat and stand for extended periods of time while performing job duties (up to 12-hours a day). Ability to push, pull, bend, climb, walk, and lift on a continuous basis (up to 12-hours a day). Be able to lift a minimum of 50 pounds overhead on an occasional basis. Possess excellent hand-eye coordination, adequate dexterity and strength in order to maintain and operate equipment. Ability to distinguish through the use of audio, visual, olfactory, and tactile senses when the equipment is properly operating. Required to wear personal protection equipment as required.
WORK ENVIRONMENT: High noise levels, vibrations, varying atmospheric conditions and temperatures, hazardous chemicals.
Requisition ID: 9874


Go to apply 

