Job Title = Machinist

Responsibilities:

Read and understand blueprints
Perform complex layouts
Work to close tolerances
Set up and operate manual machines such as lathes, vertical & horizontal mills, drill presses, surface grinders, rotary grinders. Operations to include turning, boring, threading, facing, grinding
Design and fabricate machining fixtures to support machining operations
Conduct close tolerance, precision, quality assurance inspections
Process documentation associated with turbomachinery machinist functions. Including, but not limited to, work scopes, inspection forms, hold tags, photo logs, turnover logs
Operate a variety of power hand tools, such as grinders, drills, porta band saw
Design, grind and sharpen cutting tools required for machining operations
Observe all safety regulations. Participation in the safety committee may be required
Maintain a clean and organized work area
Qualifications

Must have a mechanical background and a minimum of 5 years experience in the machinist trade.
Specialties should include machining projects associated with turbine and compressor repairs/modifications. The machining experience must include operation of manual machines such as lathes, vertical and horizontal mills, drill presses, surface grinders.
Operation of a tool post grinder is of benefit. Ability to perform dynamic balancing of rotating equipment is beneficial.
Elliott is an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, marital status, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by the federal, state or local laws of the United States. Elliott is a drug free workplace.
No agency submissions please. NOTE: Resumes submitted to any Elliott Group employee without a current, signed and valid contract in place with the Elliott Group recruiting team will become the property of Elliott Group and no search fees will be paid.


Go to apply 

