Job Title = Machinist

Machinistposted:Monday, June 24, 2019
Location
Columbia City, Indiana
Industry
Manufacturing & Production (Production Occupations)
Job Type
Temporary
Working Hours
Various Shifts Available
Salary
US$ 12.00 - US$ 14.00 per hour
Ref. Number
S_44246
Contact
Wyss, Kaylee, Spherion
Phone

Job Description
Job Description
A machinist will report directly to the area Group Leader. This position is responsible for the operation of machine tools of various types.
Responsibilities:
Essential Duties and Responsibilities
? Machine set up
o Assemble and install the tooling required per the set up instructions
o Install work holding devices
o Assemble in process inspection equipment required per the instructions
o Review work instructions for errors, omissions, and clarification that may be required
o Transfer any electronic data required to the machine
o Perform the first run of the operation
o Measure product and adjust machine as required
o Submit product to quality for first piece inspection and approval
o Inform the Manufacturing Engineer of any problems or concerns
o Train others on the operation as requested
? Machine operation
o Operate machinery per the instructions provided
o Measure product as it is produced to ensure conformity
o Accurately document activities as required
o Make adjustments to the machine as needed to maintain quality
o Change and adjust tooling as needed to ensure proper operation
o Maintain a clean and organized work area
o Accurately communicate conditions surrounding a failure of an operation
o Always maintain a high level of safety practices
? Machine set down
o Submit any work instruction corrections to the applicable Manufacturing Engineer
o Submit any electronic data from the machine tool to the applicable Manufacturing Engineer
o Remove all data and instructions from the work area
o Return inspection equipment to the appropriate place
o Remove and clean tooling and work holding devices. Return to the appropriate place
o Return unused, identified raw material to the material crib
Working hours: Various Shifts Available
Skills:
Knowledge, Skills, & Abilities

Good observation and time management skills

Should have strong math, written,and verbal communication skills

Good mechanical aptitude

Ability to adapt to workload

Ability to multitask
Education:
High School
Experience:
1-4 years
Qualifications:
Education and/or Experience

Experience in a manufacturing environment preferred

Use of precision measuring equipment
Environmental & Physical Demands

Manufacturing environment. May require sitting or standing for long periods of time

Occasional exposure to loud noise

May require lifting up to 40 lbs
Please apply online at
Spherion has helped thousands of people just like you find work happiness! Our experienced staff will listen carefully to your employment needs and then work diligently to match your skills and qualifications to the right job and company. Whether you're looking for temporary, temp-to-perm or direct hire opportunities, no one works harder for you than Spherion. EEO Employer: Race, Religion, Color, National Origin, Citizenship, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, Age, Disability, Ancestry, Veteran Status, Genetic Information, Service in the Uniformed Services or any other classification protected by law.


Go to apply 

