Job Title = Machinist

Job Title:
Machinist
Job ID:
667139
Location:
MN - St. Paul
Full/Part Time:
Full-Time
Regular/Temporary:
Regular
Return to Previous Page
Who We Are:
Ball Corporation supplies innovative, sustainable packaging solutions for beverage, personal care and household products customers, as well as aerospace and other technologies and services primarily for the U.S. government. Ball Corporation and its subsidiaries employ more than 17,500 people worldwide and reported 2018 net sales of $11.6 billion. Ball is dedicated to creating an inclusive environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Ball Corporation is committed to recruiting, training, compensating and promoting regardless of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, disability, age, or veteran status.
For more information, visit or connect with us on Facebook or Twitter.
Job Duties:
Primary Purpose of Position:
Performs tasks and provides services to support the plants production goals, overall business plans and objectives as directed.
Essential Functions:

Complies with established job safety practices, policies and procedures as specified in plant and corporate directives for the safe performance of the work assignment.

Supports and follows the guidelines of the food safety system.

Receives verbal instructions, blueprints and work orders. Makes drawings or sketches of parts to be made or repaired.

Interprets drawings, calculates and determines indices, tapers and other dimensions to be used for part(s).

Performs layout work as required.

Receives tools and paperwork; establishes and maintains logbooks.

Selects and grinds tools, adjusting tools, speeds and feed rates for efficient machining. Machines parts to precision requirements of tolerance and finish.

Sets up and operates machine tools, lathes, grinders, mills, and hones.

Performs dismantling, fitting or assembly work required for maintenance or production equipment.

Repairs and maintains all assigned machines and equipment.

Accesses, inputs, and retrieves information from the computer.

Performs clean-up, painting, and housekeeping duties.

Communicates pertinent information to next shift.

Assists in inspection of tooling and operates most inspection equipment.

May be required to go to customer(s) to troubleshoot equipment.

Initiates, reviews, and follows all standard operating procedures (SOPs) for area of responsibility.

Establishes and maintains effective work relationships within the department, the division, the group, and the company. Includes ability to handle stress and to interact with others so as to establish and maintain a positive and productive work environment and minimize personal conflicts.

Required to work assigned schedule or 12-hour shifts, rotating days and nights, Monday through Sunday, working hours may vary as specified by management. Incumbent must be able to work overtime on a regular basis and/or be on call as directed by management.

Regular and predictable attendance is required between the assigned start and end times of work.

Performs duties without posing a direct threat to anyone or to property. Direct threat is defined as a significant risk of substantial harm that cannot be eliminated or reduced to an acceptable level by reasonable accommodation.

Assures and maintains safe and healthful working conditions while enforcing safety rules and regulations.

Ability to work independently within parameters set by management.

Communication. Ability to communicate effectively, write effectively, read, comprehend, and follow complicated verbal and written instructions.

Ability to meet the knowledge, skills, abilities, physical requirements, and working conditions set forth in this position description

Communicates with the emergency coordinator (EC) or Environmental Focal Point/Environmental Manager (EFP/EM) regarding environmental management activities.

Understands and responds effectively to EC directions during emergencies by being familiar with emergency procedures, equipment, and systems, as necessary. Implements contingency plan to the level required by the position.

Understands, completes, and maintains environmental documentation for which the individual is trained, or as directed by the EC, EFP, or EM (i.e., inspections, labeling, record keeping, maintenance of equipment, etc.). Reports to the EC, EFP, or EM on the status of assigned responsibilities.

Recognizes waste streams and minimizes waste generation, through prudent use of materials, proper disposal and segregation as directed during training or by the EC, EFP/EM. Understands and practices proper accumulation and storage requirements for wastes.

Complies with environmental regulations when using, dispensing, or handling hazardous and non-hazardous materials and wastes.
Position Requirements:

Broad training in a related field usually acquired through college level education or equivalent.

Job related experience for 5 year(s) minimum

Working knowledge of the following areas: standard machine shop and tool and die practices; knowledge of metallurgy, heat treatment, welding, and brazing; nomenclature of assigned equipment.

Ability to apply independent evaluation, selection, and substantial adaptation and modification of standard machining techniques, procedures, and criteria.

Must be able to handle sensitive related and proprietary information in a confidential manner.

Performs such individual assignments as management may direct.

Must follow company policies, procedures, practices, and standards of conduct as outlined in the Ball Corporation manuals.

Maintains an awareness and complies with hazardous waste management and other environmental management requirements in the workplace by attending scheduled training sessions.

Thorough understanding of the operating principles of all assigned equipment.

Ability to demonstrate skill in operation of grinders, lathes, drill presses, and other machine shop equipment, working to tolerances of up to .000050.

Ability to read blueprints.

Ability to demonstrate skills relating to tool and die work.

Ability to work with basic math, algebra, geometry, and trigonometry.

Ability to describe the sequence of operations to complete the job.

Must maintain professional competence, ethical integrity, knowledge, and skills.

Works in a manufacturing environment.

Works in an environment that requires the use of protective shields, masks, or clothing due to torch flames, arc welding, or other systems.

Climbs and works in high, narrow places to place rigging, hoists, chain falls, scaffolds, jacks, skids, and rollers.

This position is exposed to occupational hazards, including but not limited to, high noise levels, physical obstacles, exposure to chemicals, etc.

Must wear appropriate safety glasses, hearing protection, clothing, and footwear in appropriate areas and follow safety practices.

Works in confined area(s).
Relocation:
Relocation for this position is NOT Available
EEO Statement:
Equal Opportunity Employer
Minority, Female, Disabled, Lesbian, Gay, Bi-sexual, Transgender and Veterans.


Go to apply 

