Job Title = Machinist

Machinist
Location:
Gillette, WA, US, 82716
Company:
9025-Spencer Fluid Power, Inc
We invite you to apply to join a leader in the fluid power industry as a machinist and enjoy company stability, set hours, competitive pay and great benefits. As a Machinist for Spencer Fluid Power you will machine small, medium & large components for hydraulic cylinders, make drawings of components, This will involve working from damaged/broken/worn parts to obtain the correct dimensions, working from drawings, prints, schematics, diagrams, bill of materials, customer specifications, written and verbal instructions to plan, layout and determine methods, materials operational sequences and the like for the building and repair of hydraulic and pneumatic systems and assemblies.
Additional responsibilities:

Pull materials supplies and equipment; machine, weld, fabricate parts and components according to engineering specifications

Layout parts, hardware and the like; build and install subassemblies and systems. Check assemblies and systems for proper construction and alignment, and fasteners and fittings for proper torque; test and verify proper operation and adherence to customer requirements.

Use lift equipment as necessary to move and position parts, equipment, materials and assemblies.

Record job information including test documentation and sign off.

Clean & maintain the equipment & area where youre work is performed.

Detect and report defective equipment, defective material, improper operations and unusual conditions to supervision. Observe all prescribed safety rules and regulations and maintain work area in a neat and orderly fashion; observe all prescribed safety rules and regulations while on customer premises; maintain assigned service vehicle including reporting requirements.

Perform calibration of gages used for final accept or reject criteria.

Perform other duties as assigned or directed.
Requirements

Equivalent to one to three years trades training.

Over three and up to twelve months experience.
High School Diploma or GEDs
Spencer Fluid Power is a value-added distributor of hydraulic components and systems specializing in complete mobile hydraulic systems and repairs.
Parent company Applied Industrial Technologies (NYSE: AIT) is the worlds largest fluid power distributor. Our network of 18 fluid power companies (70+ locations) in North America is a resource for dedicated fluid power support. We have one of the largest teams of Certified Fluid Power Specialists, Certified Electronic Control Specialists and Certified Fluid Power Mechanics &d Technicians to assist you with problem solving, system building, troubleshooting and other requirements. Between our service centers and our network of 19 fluid power companies, we provide immediate access to the critical fluid power components and services our customers need.
We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, gender, sexual orientation, age, disability, protected veteran status, marital status, medical condition or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you need accommodation for any part of the employment process because of a disability, please send an email to or call to let us know the nature of your request.
Nearest Major Market: Wyoming
Job Segment: Hydraulics, Engineer, Engineering



Go to apply 

