Job Title = Machinist

Overview
Aerojet Rocketdyne is a world-recognized aerospace and defense leader providing propulsion and energetics to its space, missile defense, strategic, tactical missile and armaments customers throughout domestic and international markets. We offer a complete line of propulsion products for launch vehicles, missile defense, and advanced hypersonic propulsion.
Aerojet Rocketdyne seeks a Machinist for our Culpeper, VA location.
Essential Job Functions (Including % of Time for Each)
The Machinist sets up and operates a variety of machine tools such as lathes, milling machines, precision grinders, etc. to make parts, mechanisms, tools, or machines to exacting tolerances and dimensions. These positions interpret blueprints, sketches, and engineering specifications; determine sequence of operations, number of cuts required and method of setup and arrangement; work with a variety of machinists hand tools and precision measuring instruments; make shop computations; and fit and put together precision parts and determine material, parts and equipment required.
Working under close supervision, following formal written procedures and detailed verbal instructions. Works with very close tolerances.
60% - Fabricates piece parts per work instructions, drawings and specifications through the use of required machine tools. Inspects piece parts per work instruction and drawing requirements. Sets up and operates machine tools.
15% - Performs other related duties as assigned.
10% - Uses, adjusts, cleans and stores the tools, machinery and equipment used.
10% - Keeps records and reports of the use of equipment.
Requirements
Associate's degree and 2 years of machining related experience. Industrial/manufacturing production environment experience preferred. Associate's degree in Machine Tool Technology desired or Trade school certification or Journeyman Machinist preferred.
Desired skills and abilities:

Working knowledge of setting up the operation of CNC mills and lathes.

Ability to read and comprehend engineering drawings, blueprints, production plans and/or work instructions.

Ability to perform in-process inspection of finished parts utilizing appropriate inspection and gaging equipment.

Knowledge of machine tools and equipment, machine shop procedures and practices, principals and properties.

Understanding of basic mathematic principles to solve problems.

Ability to work in a team environment and relate to all levels of employees.
Must have a valid driver's license.
US Citizenship required. Must also be able to satisfy federal government requirements for access to government information, and having dual citizenship may preclude you from being able to meet this requirement.
Work Environment and Physical Requirements:
he work environment may require varied amount of walking, standing, sitting, climbing (i.e. ladders, stair, scaffolding, ramps), balance (maintaining body equilibrium to prevent falling when walking, standing, or crouching on narrow, slippery, or erratically moving surfaces), bending, reaching, handling/fingering (seizing, holding, grasping, turning picking, pinching), stooping, kneeling, crouching and ability to lift/carry/push/pull up to 50 pounds. Work may require the ability to operate material handling equipment (forklift, crane, hoist, man lift, etc.) in a safe manner. While performing the duties of this job, employees may work around variable noise levels or with fume or airborne particles, hazardous chemicals, etc. requiring the use of personal protective equipment such as face protection (safety glasses, goggles, face shield), foot protection (i.e. steel toed shoes, rubber boots, etc.), gloves, hard hat, shop coat and hearing protection. Some positions may require Respirator clearance up to and including the Self Contained Breathing Apparatus (SCBA) Level A clearance. Work requires the ability to change into or out of personal protective equipment when entering or exiting manufacturing, laboratory, or other areas. Some employees may be required to drive between various locations within the Company facility or between locations. Work duties may also be required to work in a standard office setting and to use standard office equipment, including a computer and/or the ability to travel by air or auto. Ability to distinguish colors may also be necessary. This position may be expected to work varying shifts and hours to ensure successful operation of activities in the organization.
Need help finding the right job?
We can recommend jobs specifically for you!
We consider the consistent demonstration of positive, cooperative, self-motivated, courteous and professional behavior to be an essential function of every position. While different positions have different primary areas of responsibility and technical expertise, everyone needs to work as a team, and we expect all employees to contribute as necessary to get the job done.
Unless otherwise stated in the requirements section of an individual job listing, our positions require U.S. Citizenship, U.S. Permanent Residency, or other status as a U.S. Person as defined by 8 USC 1324b(a)(3).
Equal Opportunity Employer/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disability.
Individuals with a disability requiring accommodation during the application and/or theinterview process should e-mail the Human Resources Department at
Job ID 15629
Zip 22701
Category Manufacturing and Production - Machining


Go to apply 

