Job Title = Machinist

Action Tech is a staffing firm who is looking to help you find your next position. Currently we are seeking a Machinist for a large, international organization in the Orlando area. This company is offering a wonderful opportunity to learn and grow your career. The positions are on a temp - hire basis, anticipated to be no more than 12 months on contract before being hired direct.

Shift may be 1st / 2nd / 3rd
Orlando, FL – approximately 10 miles west of the airport

SUMMARY
The Machinist II position is responsible for setting up and operating CNC and/or manual machines. Work without guidance, should be able to read a print and perform the task. The role is not production based all of the time so the task might be different every other day. Must be able to write programs based on the print requirement.

Requires the ability to independently read and interpret blueprints, planning sheets, sketches, and related technical data to determine tooling requirements, setup procedures, control settings, and machining methods and sequences required. They also possess the ability to multitask and run multiple machines at once to maximize productivity per standard work that has been established.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES
Read, interpret and perform all operations as necessary per drawings and/or work instructions;
General knowledge of all other shop processes;
Multi-task in a fast paced manufacturing environment and does so with minimal supervision;
Perform TPMs on equipment;
Install, align, and secure tooling, attachments, and part on machine and have the ability to make adjustments to setups using all appropriate methods and tools as instructed in SOP and setup procedures.
Assemble cutting tools in tool holders and position tool holders in machine magazines.
Operate machine and monitor displays and machine operation to detect malfunctions.
Stop machine to change cutting tools and setup according to required machining sequence or to measure parts for conformance to blueprint specifications.
Operate machine manually to perform non-automated functions;
Perform dimensional inspection of various products;

Education and/or Experience - High school diploma or equivalent; or at least one (1) year related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Preferred Qualifications - Basic machining experience to include load, unload or parts and tooling and basic inspections.
Machines - Horizontal Mills, Vertical Mills (HAAS), VTLs, Lathe (NC), Manual Mills, Surface grinders, and EDMs

PHYSICAL DEMANDS & WORK ENVIRONMENT
The employee is regularly required to stand and frequently required to talk or hear. They are occasionally required to walk, sit, and use their hands and arms. They must regularly lift and/or move up to 10 pounds, frequently lift and/or move up to 25 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds. The employee is regularly exposed to moving mechanical parts. The noise level in the work environment is usually loud. Hearing protection may be recommended and/or required in some areas.


Go to apply 

