Job Title = Machinist

Machinist
Date: Sep 4, 2019
Location: Ingleside, TX, US
Company: Kiewit
Requisition ID: [[81587]]
Kiewit is one of North America's largest and most respected construction and engineering organizations. With its roots dating back to 1884, the employee-owned company operates through a network of offices and projects in the United States, Canada, Mexico and Australia. Kiewit offers construction and engineering services in a variety of markets including transportation, water/wastewater, power, oil, gas and chemical, building and mining. Kiewit had 2018 revenues of $9 billion and employs more than 20,000 staff and craft employees.
Kiewit Offshore Services, Ltd. offers first class training through a comprehensive craft career development program. When you come to work at KOS, you will have a career path providing opportunity for growth and development. KOS rewards employees with exceptional health care, competitive wages, paid vacation, and much more. Join our team and learn exciting new skills while building world class projects.
Primary Responsibilities and duties

Fabricate, assemble, and install structural steel products such as beams, braces, pipes, and plates for offshore drilling jackets and decks

Read blueprints, section and plan drawings, part sketches, weld symbols, and layout plates.

Operate a computer, track torch, shop machinery, overhead crane, drills, mill machines, and rigging
Qualifications

A high school diploma, or general education development (GED) diploma

3-5 years fitter experience, or equivalent combination of education and experience is required.

Must have the ability to add, subtract, multiply, and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals to operate machinery and computers.

Must be able to read blue prints, section and plan drawings, part sketches, weld symbols, and lay out plans.

expected to climb and work in high places that may exceed 200 feet in height and in confined spaces

Must be able to work overtime, nights, and weekends as required by the workload
Kiewit is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.
Nearest Major Market: Corpus Christi
Job Segment: Engineer, Industrial, Machinist, Equipment Operator, Water Treatment, Engineering, Manufacturing


Go to apply 

