Job Title = Machinist

Machinist
Description
SUMMARY: Under general supervision, sets up and performs operations on CNC Vertical mills in fabricating precision parts to blueprint specifications. The selected candidate must have the ability to perform the essential duties & responsibilities with or without reasonable accommodation. The duties and responsibilities may change from time to time without notice and include but is not limited to the duties described below.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:

Reads and interprets blueprints using shop mathematics.

Ability to set up CNC Vertical milling centers using work offsets, tool height offsets.
and familiarity with cutter comp offsets

Ability to do light G code program editing.

Inspect your own work/ parts before giving to inspection and during in process inspection

Machine parts for precision instruments from blueprints, operation sheets, and make necessary machine adjustments.

Ability to work to and hold close tolerances.

Determines proper feed and speed adjustments if needed.

Uses a variety of precision measuring/inspection instruments to obtain desired tolerances.

Knowledge of working properties of metals and plastics to machine required parts.
\
LI-AB2
Qualifications
Approximately five (5) years experience.
Technical, trade or vocational high school graduate a plus
OTHER SKILLS AND ABILITIES:
Must possess communication skills with ability to exchange information and interface effectively with employees clearly and concisely. Must have general knowledge of machine shop practice, tools and setup.
The position is full time days at our Patchogue N.Y. location.
This position may be filled at a higher grade based on the successful applicant's skills, education and experience.
Due to the nature of our work qualified candidates must be able to obtain and maintain a DoD security clearance.
Equal Opportunity Employer minorities / females / veterans / individuals with disabilities / sexual orientation / gender identity.
L3 maintains a drug-free workplace and performs pre-employment substance-abuse testing and background checks
Job Machining
Primary Location USA-New York-Patchogue
US Security Clearance Required: None
Schedule: Full-time
Shift: Day - 1st
Travel: No
Organization: Division - Narda-MITEQ-20000044
Job Level: Individual Contributor
Job Posting: Sep 4, 2019, 8:05:42 AM
Req ID: 105183


Go to apply 

