Job Title = Machinist

Businesses Pratt & Whitney Job ID 01341714 Date posted 09/03/2019 City West Palm Beach State Florida Country United States

Date Posted:
2019-08-05-07:00
Country:
United States of America
Location:
PW109: West Palm Beach 17900 Beeline Highway, West Palm Beach, FL, 33410 USA
Pratt & Whitney, a recognized leading producer of the world's most powerful engines, is looking for dedicated individuals to support our organization.

If you aspire to work in a dynamic environment and possess the motivations to convert new ideas into practice, this may be the opportunity you've been looking for.

Do you feel fulfilled when you help others succeed? Are you fascinated by the way the people learn and grow? Have you considered what it may be like to work at Pratt & Whitney? If so, we want to hear from you!

The sky has no limits.

At Pratt & Whitney, we believe flight is an engine for human progress, an instrument to rise above boundaries, connect people, grow economies and help protect the world. Together with our partners, we work with an explorer's heart. The magnitude of flight requires dependable teams that deliver the highest quality products and services. Every day, we rise to that challenge with state-of-the-art engines that carry people reliability to their destinations, service guides who provide the care and intelligence to keep aircraft flying, and generations of innovators working together to transform aviation.

At Pratt & Whitney, you will be part of an evolving, globally diverse company that's moving fast to craft the future of aviation. Customers all over the world depend on our technology and the people behind it. As part of our team you'll help answer today's challenges in powered flight while crafting and supporting tomorrow's solutions.

Pratt & Whitney, West Palm Beach, FL has an opening for a Machinist.This position will be on a first shift, but the ideal candidate should be flexible enough to work on a first or second shift.

Typical Duties:
Work from complicated drawings, operations sheets, and general instructions of supervisor to set up and operate jig boring and horizontal boring mill machines and related machining centers.
Plan and perform less difficult and complex boring, milling, drilling, reaming, grinding and other machining operations, including modifications, salvage, and repair operations on all types of development hardware.
Determine setup for numerical control or manual machine operation. When not specified, select the most effective work holding methods and devices to hold various shaped parts and assemblies.
Machine locating diameters on face plate, drill locating holes in holding fixtures, and make or have made holding fixtures and devices, plugs, adapters, spacers, and other holding aides, adapting available devices when existing tooling is inadequate.
Pick up reference points check location of internal and external details and pertinent centerlines.
Shift and shim part to position so that all surfaces will clean up and wall thickness will be as specified.
Use shop mathematics, including algebra, geometry, and trigonometry and handbook formulas to find missing dimensions, convert angular to linear dimensions, work from drawings, layout parts, edit tapes and to solve basic machining problems.
On Machines with computer numerical control or other manual data input capability, work in conjunction with programmers or higher grade operator to plan and setup numerical control machines to edit and debug program tape.
Setup end measures to locate table and spindle as appropriate. Perform somewhat complex operations to conform to exacting drawing dimensions and tolerance for concentricity, location, true position, parallelism, squareness and finish such as boring holes in a bolt circle or at angles in parts where location is not difficult to establish; boring, counter boring, countersinking and tapping holes in the same plane or parallel planes, located from a common reference point; and machining bosses, pads, and other surfaces.
Recommend changes in methods, procedures, holding services, programs and cutting tools to meet machining requirements or improve the effectiveness and quality of machining operations. Perform other related duties of a comparable or lower skill level as required to facilitate machining operations and maintain a neat and orderly work area.
Basic Qualifications
2-3+ years' experience in the machinability of a wide variety of materials and speeds, feeds, and cutting tools so associated, and the various work holding methods and devices.
2-3+ years' in sheet metal training
High school diploma or GED equivalent
Preferred Qualifications
Ability to use a variety of precision measuring instruments.
Well-rounded knowledge of shop mathematics including algebra, trigonometry and geometry to read and interpret complicated drawings and make computations to develop program routines, set up and check work.

United Technologies Corporation is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class.

Privacy Policy and Terms:

Click on this link to read the Policy and Terms


Go to apply 

