Job Title = Machinist

Overview

Job Title: Machinist
Department: Machine Shop
Reports To: Operations Manager
FLSA Status: Non-exempt
Summary:
Sets up and operates conventional, special purpose, and numerical control (NC) machines and machining centers to fabricate metallic and nonmetallic parts by performing the following duties.

Responsibilities

Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following: Other duties may be assigned.
Studies blueprints, sketches, drawings, manuals, and specifications to determine dimensions and tolerances of finished workpiece, sequence of operations, and setup requirements.
Measures, marks, and scribes’ dimensions and reference points on material or workpiece as guides for subsequent machining.
Selects, aligns, and secures holding fixtures, cutting tools, attachments, accessories, and materials on machines such as mills, lathes, and grinders.
Calculates and sets controls to regulate machining factors such as speed, feed, coolant flow, and depth and angle of cut, or enters commands to retrieve, input, or edit computerized machine control media.
Starts and observes machine operation to detect malfunctions or out-of-tolerance machining and adjusts machine or machine’s program as required.
Verifies conformance of finished workpiece to specifications and drawings.
Sets up and operates machine on trial run to verify accuracy of machine settings or programmed data.
Verifies dimensions and alignment of assembly using calipers, micrometers, depth micrometers, and indicators to verify dimensions to print.
Installs machined replacement parts in machines, and equipment, and tests operation of unit to ensure functionality and performance.
Operates welding equipment to cut or weld parts.
Develops specifications from general description and draws sketch of part or product to be fabricated.
Confers with engineers, production personnel, programmers, or others to resolve machining or assembly problems. Works with Material Preparation and Finishing Departments as needed.
Updates inventory systems for usage and scrap and prepares Material Tags for nonconforming parts.
Designs and builds tools to efficiently manufacture products
Follows all Company personnel policies and process procedures.
Maintains friendly, cooperative communications with customers, company personnel and management.
Ensures that all internal company communications, financial information, pricing information, plans and strategies are kept confidential.
Organizes personal schedule to maximize productivity and time management.
Competencies:
To perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies:
Analytical - Uses intuition and experience to complement data; Designs work flows and procedures.
Problem Solving - Identifies and resolves problems in a timely manner; Gathers and analyzes information skillfully; Develops alternative solutions; Works well in group problem solving situations; Uses reason even when dealing with emotional topics.
Technical Skills - Pursues training and development opportunities; Strives to continuously build knowledge and skills; Shares expertise with others.
Customer Service - Responds promptly to customer needs; Solicits customer feedback to improve service; Responds to requests for service and assistance; Meets commitments.
Interpersonal Skills - Focuses on solving conflict, not blaming; Keeps emotions under control; Remains open to others' ideas and tries new things.
Oral Communication - Speaks clearly and persuasively in positive or negative situations; Listens and gets clarification; Responds well to questions.
Written Communication - Writes clearly and informatively; Presents numerical data effectively; Able to read and interpret written information.
Teamwork - Balances team and individual responsibilities; Exhibits objectivity and openness to others' views; Gives and welcomes feedback; Contributes to building a positive team spirit; Puts success of team above own interests; Supports everyone's efforts to succeed.
Quality Management - Looks for ways to improve and promote quality; Demonstrates accuracy and thoroughness.
Cost Consciousness - Develops and implements cost saving measures; Conserves organizational resources.
Diversity - Demonstrates knowledge of EEO policy; Shows respect and sensitivity for cultural differences.
Ethics - Treats people with respect; Keeps commitments; Inspires the trust of others; Works with integrity and ethically; Upholds organizational values.
Organizational Support - Follows policies and procedures; Completes administrative tasks correctly and on time; Supports organization's goals and values.
Judgement - Displays willingness to make decisions; Exhibits sound and accurate judgment; Supports and explains reasoning for decisions.
Planning/Organizing - Prioritizes and plans work activities; Uses time efficiently.
Professionalism - Approaches others in a tactful manner; Treats others with respect and consideration regardless of their status or position; Accepts responsibility for own actions; Follows through on commitments.
Quality - Demonstrates accuracy and thoroughness; Looks for ways to improve and promote quality; Applies feedback to improve performance; Monitors own work to ensure quality.
Quantity - Meets productivity standards; Completes work in timely manner; Strives to increase productivity; Works quickly.
Safety and Security - Observes safety and security procedures; Determines appropriate action beyond guidelines; Reports potentially unsafe conditions; Uses equipment and materials properly.
Adaptability - Adapts to changes in the work environment; Manages competing demands; Changes approach or method to best fit the situation.
Attendance/Punctuality - Is consistently at work and on time; Ensures work responsibilities are covered when absent. Willing and able to work overtime as needed.
Dependability - Follows instructions, responds to management direction; Takes responsibility for own actions;
Keeps commitments; Commits to long hours of work when necessary to reach goals.; Completes tasks on time or notifies appropriate person with an alternate plan.
Initiative - Asks for and offers help when needed. Displays original thinking and creativity; Generates suggestions for improving work; Develops innovative approaches and ideas.
Qualifications: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Education and/or Experience - associate degree (A. A.) or equivalent from two-year college or technical school; or one-year related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Language Skills - Ability to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals. Ability to write routine reports and correspondence. Ability to speak effectively with customers or employees of organization.
Mathematical Skills - Ability to work with mathematical concepts such as probability and statistical inference, and fundamentals of plane and solid geometry and trigonometry. Ability to apply concepts such as fractions, percentages, ratios, and proportions to practical situations.
Reasoning Ability - Ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists. Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form.
Computer Skills - To perform this job successfully, an individual will interact with ERP to track job assignments and scrap. The employee may write programs for CNC machines, and will utilize machine programming for manufacturing processes.
Certificates, Licenses, Registrations – Machinist Apprenticeship Program, in lieu of experience.
Other Skills and Abilities: Knowledge of Autocad/Solidworks software applications, and CNC programming experience.

Qualifications

Other Qualifications:
Physical Demands The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to stand; use hands to finger, handle, or feel and talk or hear. The employee is frequently required to walk; reach with hands and arms and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must regularly lift and /or move up to 50 pounds, frequently lift and/or move up to 100 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move more than 100 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision.
Work Environment: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly exposed to moving mechanical parts. The employee is frequently exposed to fumes or airborne particles. The employee is occasionally exposed to toxic or caustic chemicals. The employee will be required to use tools and equipment which will regularly expose them to vibration. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The noise level in the work environment is usually loud.


Go to apply 

