Job Title = Engineer

Qualis Corporation is seeking multiple candidates for the Engineer positions in support of the Naval Air Warfare Center in Orlando, FL. These positions are currently pending contract award. Essential Functions:
Perform engineering duties in designing, constructing, and testing in support of Navy training devices.
May conduct basic and applied research to evaluate the adaptability of materials and equipment to training device design and manufacture.
May recommend improvements in testing equipment and techniques. Education / Experience Requirements:
Senior Level: B.S. in electrical engineering, computer engineering, computer science, visual engineering, aeronautical engineering, aerospace engineering, or mechanical engineering. Master’s degree preferred. Candidate must have approximately 10 or more years of experience with hardware and software design and integration.
B.S. in electrical engineering, computer engineering, computer science, visual engineering, aeronautical engineering, aerospace engineering, or mechanical engineering. Master’s degree preferred.
Candidate must have approximately 10 or more years of experience with hardware and software design and integration.
Journeyman Level: B.S. in electrical engineering, computer engineering, computer science, visual engineering, aeronautical engineering, aerospace engineering, or mechanical engineering. Candidate must have approximately 3 or more years of experience with hardware and software design and integration.
B.S. in electrical engineering, computer engineering, computer science, visual engineering, aeronautical engineering, aerospace engineering, or mechanical engineering.
Candidate must have approximately 3 or more years of experience with hardware and software design and integration. Other Essential Requirements:
Must currently possess an active Department of Defense (DoD) Secret Clearance
Experience should also include experience with Defense Department acquisition policy and SETR procedures or like experience.
Possess the ability to coordinate and integrate the work activities of several different engineering disciplines for more than one project at any one time.
Possess the ability to communicate with others effectively both orally and in writing in working out solutions to problems or questions relating to the Acquisition program.


Go to apply 

