Job Title = Machinist

RESPONSIBILITIES

Calculate dimensions and tolerances using knowledge of mathematics and instruments such as micrometers and Vernier calipers.
Machine parts to specifications using machine tools such as lathes, milling machines, shapers, or grinders.
Set up, adjust, and operate all basic machine tools and many specialized or advanced variation tools to perform precision machining operations.
Align and secure holding fixtures, cutting tools, attachments, accessories, and materials onto machines. Position and fasten workpieces.
Monitor the feed and speed of machines during the machining process.
Study sample parts, blueprints, drawings, and engineering information to determine methods and sequences of operations needed to fabricate products and determine product dimensions and tolerances.
Select the appropriate tools, machines, and materials to be used in preparation of machinery work.
Lay out, measure, and mark metal stock to display placement of cuts.
Observe and listen to operating machines or equipment to diagnose machine malfunctions and to determine need for adjustments or repairs. Operate equipment to verify operational efficiency.
Check workpieces to ensure that they are properly lubricated and cooled.
Maintain industrial machines, applying knowledge of mechanics, shop mathematics, metal properties, layout and machining procedures.
Install repaired parts into equipment and/or install new equipment.
Clean and lubricate machines, tools, and equipment to remove grease, rust, stains, and foreign matter.
Confer with engineering, supervisory and manufacturing personnel to exchange technical information.
Dismantle machines or equipment, using hand tools and power tools to examine parts for defects and replace defective parts where needed.
Establish work procedures for fabricating new structural products using a variety of metalworking machines.
Support metalworking projects from planning and fabrication through assembly, inspection and testing using knowledge of machine functions, metal properties and mathematics.
Fit and assemble parts to make or repair machine tools.
Evaluate experimental procedures and recommend changes or modifications for improved efficiency and adaptability to setup and production.
Design fixtures, tooling and experimental parts to meet special engineering needs.
Install experimental parts and assemblies such as hydraulic systems, electrical wiring, lubricants and batteries into machines and mechanisms.
Set up and operate metalworking, brazing, heat-treating, welding and cutting equipment.
Test experimental models under simulated operating conditions for such purposes as development, standardization and feasibility of design.
Perform any other duties that may be assigned.


Go to apply 

