Job Title = Machinist

Job Summary: This position is responsible for fabricating and/or modifying components utilized in new or existing production equipment. Performs layout, set-up, operating and making tool adjustments for a variety of major conventional machine shop equipment or automatic machines. Works from blueprints, process sheets and sketches to perform production tasks which may include cutting, or shaping of metals to precision dimensions. Checks and inspects machining operations against specified tolerances. May identify and repair minor machine malfunctions. Job Details: 1. Associate is responsible to follow requirements of TMC Quality System; including but not limited to: process controls, calibration and maintenance procedures, document/data control, and change control practices. 2. Set up and operate all machine tools to include (computer numerical control) CNC mills for turning, boring, grinding, milling, shaping, and other operations. 3. Layout and machine parts to specified print requirements. 4. Use all hand or portable power tools to perform drill, tap, grind, file, scrape, sand, lap hone, and all other similar operations. 5. Select, sharpen, and shape standard special cutting tools for own use. 6. Improvise production tools and equipment as needed to perform operations. 7. Perform all work in accordance with prints, specifications, or other specified documents or oral instructions in conformance with Company standards of safety, workmanship, ISO procedures, and GMP practices. 8. Maintain all machine shop equipment as needed. 9. Assist technical personnel in other occupations as required by supervisor to complete projects. 10. Instruct and direct other associates in lower occupational categories (progression) in the performance of work. 11. Will assign and train other machinist in the absence of the supervisor. 12. When assigned as lead machinist, additional responsibilities may include, but are not limited to training and supervision of other machinists, assisting/overseeing other TMC associates using shop equipment, scheduling and directing resources to perform emergency repairs, providing input on design reviews and work requests as needed, specifying and procurement of tooling and materials required to complete work requests, and may fill in for supervisor in case of absence. 13. Participates in project performance team meetings on behalf of the job unit in order to provide ideas, methods, or processes for unit/company performance improvement. 14. Performs other job related duties assigned.
Qualifications
Position Requirements: • Successful completion of trade school or a four year machinist apprenticeship program with a minimum or six (6) years machining experience preferred using a wide variety of machine shop equipment (lathes, mills, computerized numerical control computer (CNC), etc. • Communication skills both verbal and written are essential for being able to successfully support production with the repair parts that are needed. • Strong proficiency in Math skills (trigonometry and algebra). • Ability to plan own work schedule (order when starting a long job), solve problems, and to interact with others to understand and resolve problems. • Requires 20/20 vision, or corrective vision. • Ability to sketch or draw, read blue prints, process or productions sheets and to use precision measuring equipment. • The job being performed is done while standing for the majority of the work shift. • Requires exacting visual and mental attention to work being performed.


Go to apply 

