Job Title = Machinist

Responsibilities/Qualification

Seeking a machinist with experience in fabrication with CNC and standard machine tools. This individual will be responsible for fabricating and modifying parts using standard machine tools including a knee mill, lathe, band saw, drill press, TIG and MIG welder, plasma cutter, pneumatic shear, manual press brake, etc. as well as a CNC router. Parts include sheet metal panels and enclosures with cutouts, milled brackets and mounting fixtures, and welded assemblies. Parts are mostly aluminum with some steel and phenolic parts as well. The individual will be responsible for maintaining a clean and safe machine shop, performing equipment maintenance, and ordering tools, material, and consumables. The ideal candidate will be comfortable working from verbal descriptions, concept sketches, or engineering drawings to fabricate parts and assemblies.
For parts that cannot be produced in house, the individual will coordinate the quoting and production process through outside machine shops and fabricators. The position will also involve other duties such as helping with facilities maintenance and repairs and escorting outside contractors as needed.
Requirements:

General:

Self-motivated individual with ability to work under direction or alone as the project dictates
Must have a good attention to detail
Good communication and teamwork skills
Full Secret Clearance

Required:

3 years minimum experience with standard machine shop equipment (mill, lathe, shear, etc.)
Experience programming and operating CNC tools
Experience reading and interpreting engineering drawings
Ability to machine duplicates of existing parts
Inspect parts to ensure quality with tools such as micrometers and calipers
Basic computer knowledge including Windows and Office

Physical Requirement:

Climb ladders and stairs, and work in small, restricted areas
Lift and carry 25-45 lbs.

Desired

Experience programming and operating a CNC router or mill
Experience welding steel and aluminum
Experience with other advanced manufacturing tools such as 3D printers, laser cutters, or water jet cutters

Security Clearance

Secret
#CJMB

Diversity Statement

We are an EOE that values our employee’s talent – regardless of gender, race, ethnicity, national origin, sexual orientation, religion or other protected characteristics – Your Talent Is Our Strength .
Alion will provide a reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans who need assistance to apply. Please visit the Alion Careers site for more information.
U.S. Citizenship Required for the majority of our positions. Apply Apply Not ready to Apply?

CHECK OUT OUR SIMILAR JOBS

Programmer Jobs
Machinist Jobs
Jobs in Dayton, Ohio
Programmer Jobs Dayton, Ohio


Go to apply 

