Job Title = Machinist

Herzog companies was founded in 1969 by William E. Herzog as a heavy/highway construction contractor in the Midwest. Herzog now specializes in Railroad Construction, Transit Operation and Maintenance Services, Civil Construction and Railroad Services nationwide. Our team consists of people who are innovators at heart, continuously exploring new ways to improve our products, services, and, ultimately, the industry. By always challenging ourselves - and each other - to push for more, we keep Herzog at the forefront of the rail industry.
TransitAmerica Services, Inc. is currently seeking a Machinist in San Jose, CA. Duties and Responsibilities:
Responsible for inspection, testing and maintenance of locomotives and rolling stock equipment in accordance with FRA standards and guidelines.
Performs inspection, testing and maintenance in accordance with 49CFR regulations.
Responsible for mechanical repairs to drive systems, wheels/wheel sets (trucks), suspension and other components of the propulsion system
Troubleshoots equipment to determine corrective actions and causes of equipment failures.
Calibrates pressure switches and valves in compliance with 49CFR established standards.
Maintains proper care and use of materials, test equipment, machines and hand tools normally associated with assigned job Qualifications:
High school diploma or GED.
Completion of technical school or apprenticeship program preferred.
Experience in troubleshooting, repair, replacement or rebuilding mechanical equipment and systems
Prefer welding and cutting experience
Experience in the maintenance of railroad equipment preferred
Knowledge of mechanical, hydraulic and pneumatic systems
Ability to read mechanical drawings
Knowledge and skill in the use of electrical tools, equipment and the measurements necessary to meet established standards
Maintain a valid driver’s licenses as required per position
Some computer skills
Ability to read, write and communicate proficiently Pre-Employment Requirements:
Subject to pre-employment background check and motor vehicle report review.
Maintain a valid driver’s license and endorsements as required per position.
Pass pre-employment DOT physical, medical evaluation, and drug screen due to the safety sensitive nature of this position This position requires you to pass and maintain a DOT medical evaluation to drive a Herzog commercial vehicle.
Successfully complete and maintain any required safety certification and testing on an annual basis. Safety:
TASI/Herzog is nationally recognized for its excellent corporate safety record which results from all employees at all levels, in all positions adhering to established policies and procedures. Reporting any and all safety violations to your immediate supervisor is a prerequisite for continued employment. Safety diligence by all results in a safe work environment for all. Benefits:
TASI/Herzog offers a robust benefits package including medical and dental coverage. The plans are specific to projects and locations.
If you are interested in applying for this position click the Apply button below.


Go to apply 

