Job Title = Machinist

Date Posted: 2019-07-18-07:00
Country: United States of America
Location: HCA41: US092-Westminster, CA 7155 Fenwick Lane, Westminster, CA, 92683 USA
SUMMARY
Operates similar production machines to perform similar operations or produce similar parts by a single or closely related step. Jobs are frequently of short duration, requiring frequent change in set up. Operator has limited control over product quality.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Plans cleaning operations by studying work orders, blueprints, engineering plans, materials, specifications, orthographic drawings, reference planes, locations of surfaces, and machining parameters; interpreting geometric dimensions and tolerances (GD&T)
Verifies settings by measuring positions, first-run part, and sample work pieces; adhering to standards
Deburring, cleaning and removing scales, corrosion, sharp edges and chamfering parts by using electrical/air/hand tools, abrasive blast and cleaning equipment
Polishing, blasting and sanding metal components to provide a quality finish that surpasses our customers’ expectations
Maintains specification by observing; taking measurements; detecting malfunctions; troubleshooting processes while adhering to quality assurance procedures and processes
Makes routine adjustments/set ups of equipment for limited and readily definable and measurable variables such as length, temperature, or pressure.
Performs other related duties as required.
SUPERVISION RECEIVED
Normally receives no instruction on routine work, general instructions on new assignments.
JOB COMPLEXITY
Works on assignments that are moderately complex in nature where judgment is required in resolving problems and making routine recommendations.
QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE
High school diploma or general education degree (GED); and two-to-four years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Abrasive cleaning, sanding or polishing experience of 3+ years
Basic machine operator experience preferred
LANGUAGE SKILLS
Ability to read a limited number of two- and three-syllable words and to recognize similarities and differences between words and between series of numbers. Ability to print and speak simple sentences.
MATHEMATICAL SKILLS
Ability to add and subtract two digit numbers and to multiply and divide with 10's and 100's. Ability to perform these operations using units of American money and weight measurement, volume, and distance.
REASONING ABILITY
Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to deal with problems involving several concrete variables in standardized situations.
CERTIFICATES, LICENSES, REGISTRATIONS n/a
PHYSICAL DEMANDS The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an associate to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
While performing the duties of this job, the associate is regularly required to stand; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms; talk or hear; frequently required to walk; and occasionally required to sit; climb or balance; stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The associate must frequently lift and/or move up to 25 pounds.
Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus.
WORK ENVIRONMENT The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an associate encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
While performing the duties of this job, the associate is regularly exposed to moving mechanical parts; fumes or airborne particles; risk of electrical shock; vibration; and occasionally exposed to toxic or caustic chemicals.
The noise level in the work environment is usually loud.
United Technologies Corporation is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class.
Privacy Policy and Terms:
Click on this link to read the Policy and Terms


Go to apply 

