Job Title = Machinist

The candidate must be able to set up and operate all types of conventional machines, computer numerically controlled (CNC) machines and related equipment in the manufacture, rework, and repair of aircraft parts and components The candidate shall set up and perform machining operations on conventional and CNC machine tools such as grinders, milling machines, lathes, and drills Must be able set up and operate 2,3,4, and 5 axis machining centers and CNC grinders Must be familiar with the use of a variety of machine tool attachments or related equipment to perform precision machine work Maintain accuracy in accordance with requirements of blueprints, drawings, sketches, work documents, aircraft technical documents, manuals, bulletins, and directives Produce assigned work in accordance with established standards Perform all work in compliance with all safety rules and regulations in the production shop environment Other Duties as Assigned High School Diploma or equivalent At least two (2) years of documented experience in Aerospace and/or machinist trade Prefer experience from military fixed wing community (F/A-18, P-8, F-5, T-6,T-44,H-60) or civilian heavy structure background At least two (2) years CNC aviation experience Military installation DEPOT level and/or major MRO facility maintenance experience preferred.
Must be a US Citizen Must be able to pass a National Agency background check, which could include a criminal history and credit check for access to Government facilities.
We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform post offer, pre-employment substance abuse testing.
Must be able to walk and stand on level and/or inclined surfaces for certain periods throughout the day.
Must be able to climb stairs, ramps, ladders, and work stands.
Must be able to crouch, crawl, grasp or handle objects, use finger dexterity, bend elbow/knee and reach above/below shoulders.
May be required to lift up to 50 pounds.
May be required to see aircraft in flight, read dials/gauges, identify small objects and hand tools.
Must be able to see imperfections, micrometer readings and other small scales.
Must be able to communicate by voice and detect sound by ear.
Must be able to distinguish color and judge three-dimensional depth.
May be required to operate power vehicles, machinery, hand tools, ground support equipment, fork lift, APU, etc.


Go to apply 

