Job Title = Machinist

Description

The Machinist sets up and operates conventional, special-purpose, and computer numerical control (CNC) machines and machining centers to fabricate metallic and nonmetallic parts, applies knowledge of machine shop theory and procedures, shop mathematics, machinability of materials, and layout techniques in the most cost effective manner possible with the machine tools, equipment and instructions provided.
Duties and Responsibilities Include:
Demonstrate the knowledge and ability to set up and run all shop support equipment and at least one of the following standard shop machines; mill, lathe, grinder, and CNC machinery.
Study blueprints, sketches, drawings, manuals, specifications, or sample part to determine dimensions and tolerances of finished work piece, sequence of operations, and setup requirements.
Select, align, and secure holding fixtures, cutting tools, attachments, accessories, and materials on machines, such as mills, lathes, jig borer, shaper and grinders.
Calculate and set controls to regulate machining factors, such as speed, feed, coolant flow, and depth and angle of cut, or enter commands to retrieve, input, or edit computerized machine control media.
Start and observe machine operation to detect malfunctions or out-of-tolerance machining, and adjust machine controls or control media as required.
Verify conformance of finished work piece to specifications, using standard and precision measuring instruments.
Position Requirements

In-depth knowledge of machines and tools, including their designs, uses, benefits, repair, and maintenance.
Expertise in blue print reading, both piece part and assembly.
Proficient use of standard and precision measuring devices.
Skilled in shop math, including geometric, trigonometric and algebraic functions.
Advanced knowledge of machining/manufacturing processes, assembly procedures and mechanical functions.
Ability to develop specifications from general information and draw sketches of part or product to be fabricated.
Demonstrable knowledge of design techniques, principles, tools and instruments involved in the production and use of precision technical plans, blueprints, drawings, and models.


Go to apply 

