Job Title = Machinist

KORE1, a nationwide provider of staffing and recruiting solutions, has an immediate opening for a Machinist.
1st shift and 2nd shift openings.
You will work in a clean, safe and air conditioned environment.
We offer stable work and frequent increase consideration as your skill develops.
This is a career game changer opportunity for those who want to learn, grow and machine highly complex parts.
Must have a certification of completion from NTMA or other vocational program/trade school.
Soon to graduate and graduate candidates are welcome for consideration.
Must be comfortable with optic equipment, have basic blue print skill, have basic knowledge of machine tool repair and maintenance and have fundamental knowledge of machining practices.
0 - 5 years experience.
ABOUT KORE1 Specializing in creative and technical recruiting, KORE1 is committed to supporting top IT and Creative professionals in their career paths.
We build deep relationships with leading companies, connecting them to exceptional talent every day.
With extensive industry expertise and unmatched opportunities, our goal is to provide a unique experience for our contractors and consultants as they prepare for their next role.
We are passionate about matching the right people with the right companies.
Kore1 provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics.
In addition to federal law requirements, Kore1 complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities.
This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.
Kore1 expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status.Improper interference with the ability of Kore1's employees to perform their job duties may result in discipline up to and including discharge.


Go to apply 

