Job Title = Machinist

Job Details
Description
Our Machinists:
Set up, adjust and operate various sizes of Vertical Boring Mills to turn, bore, face, groove, mill, and drill on a variety of work to obtain proper print dimensions.
Work with and obtain tight tolerances on parts, checking own work with measuring instruments and documenting results.
Work from routings, process sheets, die drawings and blueprints. Select speeds, feeds, tooling and operational sequence. Prove out and make minor edits to CNC programs.
Position, align and secure work piece. May require the use of locating fixtures. Machines may be equipped with CNC controls. Select and prepare tools to meet varying conditions and materials.
Actively participate in machining team efforts and department continuous improvement activities.
Qualifications
Experience with Fanuc controls preferred.
Knowledge of CNC Controls, preferably Fanuc.
Strong shop math and blueprint reading skills.
Experienced in use of hoists and cranes.
Ability to lift up to 50 lbs.
MetalTek International solves customer metals challenges employing the industry’s leading combination of broad metals, process expertise and technology. Employing diverse casting methods, including; centrifugal casting, investment casting, sand casting and continuous casting, machining, fabrication, and testing capabilities, MetalTek produces components that meet or exceed heat, wear, corrosion and compliance requirements.
Headquartered in Waukesha, WI, USA, MetalTek operates facilities worldwide utilizing over 1,000,000 square feet of manufacturing space. Deep metallurgical knowledge, innovative hybrid casting solutions, broad metals technologies, and numerous industry certifications allow MetalTek to provide proven metal solutions for multiple high performance markets including aerospace, petrochemical processing, mining, nuclear power and turbine engine.MetalTek offers a wide variety of career opportunities, with challenges and rewards as diverse as the products we manufacture. We recognize the value of each person's contribution to the success of our team.


Go to apply 

