Job Title = Engineer

What You Will Do This position will be filled at either the Structural Engineer 3 or 4 level, depending on the skills of the selected candidate. Additional job responsibilities (outlined below) will be assigned if the candidate is hired at the higher level.
Structural Design Engineer 3 ($89,900 - $148,300)
The successful candidate will be expected to work as part of the civil, structural, architectural design team designing, maintaining, and upgrading facility structural systems or components at the LANL site and will be expected to perform the following duties of this position, but are not necessarily limited to:

Prepare technical reports and studies.

Collect the occupational, usage, process, safety, and other requirements for the structure, system and components design or analysis task, and prepare design concepts that meet the requirements.

Develop design details, design or analysis calculations, specifications, special inspections, etc. that incorporate the applicable design requirements, including nuclear safety requirements, as applicable.

Interface and coordinate with other engineering disciplines and the customer during the development of the design.

Support the associated safety analyses and hazards evaluations.

Promote leadership, quality, and safety values, to internal co-workers, and project stakeholders, such as external auditors, vendors, construction companies, and other subcontractors.

Develop construction/maintenance/erection plans, including installation notes, as applicable.

Develop design basis documentation.

Implement the LANL Conduct of Engineering (COE) Program.
Structural Design Engineer 4 ($108,100 - $182,500) In addition to the duties outlined above, the Structural Design Engineer 4 will be required to:

Be viewed as a SME within field and within the Laboratory.

Work on unique and complex issues, as well as provide solutions and analysis on a variety of situations.

Act as Mentor/coach to junior engineers
What You Need
Minimum Job Requirements:

Requires minimum of 4 years of relevant design experience.

Wide-ranging design experience, requiring knowledge and application of construction procedures, DOE/LANL/Industrial standards, building codes and technical specifications.

Experience in design engineering or system engineering for nuclear or industrial facility operations.

Technical experience in calculations preparation, applications of engineering methods, and application of technology aided engineering tools to conventional and non-conventional facility and operations-based engineering problems.

Proficiency in structural analysis software including SAP 2000 and RISA 3d or equivalent.

Demonstrated knowledge of engineering work planning, budgeting and design coordination.

Knowledge/understanding of construction methodologies in structural steel, concrete, masonry.

Demonstrated broad-based, structural engineering experience with projects involving new facilities, facility modifications, and support/anchorage of equipment.

Extensive experience in structural analyses, including seismic analyses, in accordance with the IBC, ASCE 7 (or UBC), and DOE-STD 1020 is required.

Familiarity with Nuclear Safety related codes and standards including ASCE 43, ASCE 4, ACI 349 and AISC N690

Demonstrated ability to communicate well, both written and verbally.
Additional Job Requirements for Structural Design Engineer 4 :
In addition to the Job Requirements outlined above, qualification at the Structural Design Engineer 4 level requires:

Requires 6+ years of relevant experience.

Extensive work experience in the DOE complex and demonstrated knowledge of DOE standards applicable to facility design, operation, and maintenance.

Demonstrated working knowledge of DOE standards applicable to facility design, operation, and maintenance.

Expert knowledge of Engineering principles and procedures, safety basis interaction, design guides, appropriate standards, and administrative practices as applied to DOE non-reactor nuclear and high hazard facilities.

Extensive technical knowledge in non-reactor nuclear facility structural design and seismic analysis is essential.

Demonstrated experience as mentor and coach for other engineers.
Desired Skills:

MS degree in civil engineering with structural emphasis

Professional Engineers license

Awareness of LANL Conduct of Engineering (COE) Policies and Procedures and IBC requirements

Experience working an NQA-1 Quality Program
Education Required: BS degree in civil or structural engineering
Additional Details:
Clearance: Q (Position will be cleared to this level). Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements

for access to classified matter.

Eligibility requirements: To obtain a clearance, an individual must be at least 18 years of age; U.S. citizenship is required except in very limited circumstances. See DOE Order 472.2 for additional information.
426.2: This position is subject to DOE Order 426.2, Personnel Selection, Training, and Qualification Requirements for DOE Nuclear Facilities, which establishes entry-level requirements to ensure candidates selected for specific positions can successfully perform the requirements of the job.
New-Employment Drug Test: The Laboratory requires successful applicants to complete a new-employment drug test and maintains a substance abuse policy that includes random drug testing.
Regular position: Term status Laboratory employees applying for regular-status positions are converted to regular status.
Term position: Regular-status Laboratory employees applying for term-status positions may retain regular status with approval of the cognizant Principle Associate Director.
Internal Applicants: Please refer to Laboratory policy P701 for applicant eligibility.
Equal Opportunity: Los Alamos National Laboratory is an equal opportunity employer and supports a diverse and inclusive workforce. All employment practices are based on qualification and merit, without regards to race, color, national origin, ancestry, religion, age, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation or preference, marital status or spousal affiliation, physical or mental disability, medical conditions, pregnancy, status as a protected veteran, genetic information, or citizenship within the limits imposed by federal laws and regulations. The Laboratory is also committed to making our workplace accessible to individuals with disabilities and will provide reasonable accommodations, upon request, for individuals to participate in the application and hiring process. To request such an accommodation, please send an email to or call option 1.
Where You Will Work
Located in northern New Mexico, Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL) is primarily responsible for monitoring the safety and reliability of the U.S. nuclear stockpile and conducting research into new defense programs. It is a center for research in a wide range of scientific disciplines, including space exploration, geophysics, renewable energy, supercomputing, medicine, and nanotechnology.
Engineering Services (ES) Division of LANL develops, maintains, and applies a diverse set of engineering capabilities to provide innovative engineering solutions that enable the Laboratory's scientific and national security mission. The Structural Design Engineer position within ES Division is assigned to the Engineering Project Delivery (ES-EPD) Group responsible for design services and the Conduct of Engineering (CoE) program implementation at LANL.
Appointment Type Regular
Regular
Minimum Salary
Maximum Salary


Go to apply 

