Job Title = Machinist

Nesco Resource is hiring for a CNC Operator/Machinist. This is a Right-to-Hire position. Nesco's benefits are available during 90-day contract period, then company offers health, dental and vision benefits upon hire.

Position Summary:

Sets up and operates to prescribed tolerances: CNC lathe and milling machines.

Conventional engine lathes and milling, grinding, drilling, sawing, and boring machines.

Responsibilities/Duties :

CNC Machines

Sets up and operates to prescribe tolerances: Offsets, speeds, and feeds controls. 2. Interprets blueprints, operation process, and production-related reference charts.

Performs measuring, checking, and layout operations.

Selects work piece materials and required cutting tools for metal removal operations.

Selects mechanical measuring and checking and layout tools and devices.

Interprets "G” codes and performs basic MDI and manual operations.

Sets up and operates control automatic mode, adjust speeds, and feeds and coolant.

Practices safe work habits: Protective clothing and equipment. Recognition of hazards and precautionary measures.

Engine lathes and milling, grinding, drilling, and sawing machines.

Performs basic calculations of geometrical values, ratios, and formulae.

Sets up and operates to prescribe tolerances and speeds and feeds and depths of cuts.

Interprets blueprints, operation process, and production-related reference charts.

Performs measuring, checking, and layout operations.

Selects work piece materials and required cutting tools for metal removal operations.

Selects mechanical measuring and checking and layout tools and devices.

Practices safe work habits. Protective clothing and equipment. Recognition of hazards and precautionary measures.

Nesco Resource is an equal employment opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, or veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics with respect to employment opportunities.


Go to apply 

