Job Title = Machinist

3M is seeking a CNC Machinist located in Lexington, Ky. At 3M, you can apply your talent in bold ways that matter. Here, you go.
Job Summary :
Performs set ups and operation of conventional, CNC machines and machining centers to fabricate metallic parts under minimal supervision and good communication skills. Must have basic hand lathe and hand mill skills.
This position provides an opportunity to transition from other private, public, government or military environments to a 3M career.
Primary Responsibilities include but are not limited to the following:
Follow all plant safety rules and regulations, wear PPE as required per procedures.
Studies blueprints, process instructions, manuals, specifications, or sample parts to determine dimensions and tolerances of finished workpiece, sequence of operations, and setup requirements.
Selects, aligns, and secures holding fixtures, cutting tools, attachments, accessories, and materials on machines as necessary to machine parts as required.
Set-up and operation of machines. Enters commands to retrieve, input computerized machine control media according to established guidelines and procedures, observes machine to detect malfunctions or out of tolerance machining and adjusts machine controls or control media as required.
Must be able to target and pinpoints problems.
Verifies conformance of finished work-piece to specifications, using measuring and inspection tools as necessary
Performs routine maintenance tasks on machines as required
Confers with engineers, production personnel, programmers, or others to resolve machining or assembly problems
Must understand customer set-up requirements and quality testing conducted on these products.
Moderately complex set-up and/or operation of equipment requiring frequent monitoring to maintain quality production.
Ability to work with mathematical concepts such as fundamentals of geometry and trigonometry, along with concepts such as fractions, percentages, ratios and proportions to practical situations.
This position will require:
Weekend work
Working overtime
Short notice shift coverage
Working 3:30 pm – 12:00am
Frequent physical demands, including: i.e.: lifting up to 50 lbs. i.e.: frequent standing/sitting/squatting
This position may require:
Working on holidays as needed
Basic Qualifications:
Possess a High School Diploma/GED or higher (completed and verified prior to start) from an accredited institution
Minimum [1] one year of CNC Machinist experience in a private, public, government or military environment
Preferred Qualifications:
Associate's degree (A.A.) from two-year college or technical school; or equivalent combination of education and experience
Minimum [3] years of CNC Machinist in a private, public, government or military environment
Experience in refractory metals machining, tight tolerances use of contact and non-contact devices measuring devices calibers, micrometers, smart scope, optical comparator, and tools maker microscope in a private, public, government or military environment
Able to read and interpret drawings, follow routers, use math to perform basic calculations, and use basic hand-held measuring tools.
Master Cam program skills.
Location : Lexington, Ky
Relocation: Is not authorized
This position provides an opportunity to transition from other private, public, government or military environments to a 3M career.
Qualified applicants will be required to take and pass 3M employment testing as a part of the selection process.
Must be legally authorized to work in country of employment without sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., H1B status)
Responsibilities of this position may include direct and/or indirect physical or logical access to information, systems, technologies subjected to the regulations/compliance with U.S. Export Control Laws.
U.S. Export Control laws and U.S. Government Department of Defense contracts and sub-contracts impose certain restrictions on companies and their ability to share export-controlled and other technology and services with certain "non-U.S. persons" (persons who are not U.S. citizens or nationals, lawful permanent residents of the U.S., refugees, "Temporary Residents" (granted Amnesty or Special Agricultural Worker provisions), or persons granted asylum (but excluding persons in nonimmigrant status such as H-1B, L-1, F-1, etc.) or non-U.S. citizens.
To comply with these laws, and in conjunction with the review of candidates for those positions within 3M that may present access to export controlled technical data, 3M must assess employees' U.S. person status, as well as citizenship(s).
The questions asked in this application are intended to assess this and will be used for evaluation purposes only. Failure to provide the necessary information in this regard will result in our inability to consider you further for this particular position. The decision whether or not to file or pursue an export license application is at 3M Company's sole election.


Go to apply 

