Job Title = Machinist

Creating Long-Term Value Thru Relentless Innovation®

ATI is a global manufacturer of technically advanced specialty materials and complex components. Our products support diverse markets and industries such as aerospace and defense, oil & gas, electrical energy, medical, automotive, and other industrial markets.

Summary: Install, troubleshoot, repair, and maintain manufacturing equipment. This position will hire in as Tool Set, but will have potential to do the following: Welding, Die Repair, Mechanic, Machining, ect.

Follow all established safety work procedures including, but not limited to, personal protection equipment, safety lockout/tag out, confined space, and elevated work areas.

Read, understand, and interpret blue prints, technical parts manuals, gages, meters, calipers and other measuring tools.

Use all required hand and power tools including, but not limited to; drill, saw, torch, and jacks, as well as ladders, cranes, high lift, and other maintenances vehicles.

Install, troubleshoot, and repair hydraulic systems including, but not limited to; tanks, pumps, valves, piping, cylinders, and controls.

Install, service, troubleshoot, and repair all types of piping systems including, but not limited to; air, water, gas, and associated valving and controls.

Install, setup, service, troubleshoot and repair all production machinery including, but not limited to; power drop and gravity drop hammers, mechanical forging machines (upsetters), mechanical and hydraulic presses, mechanical and hydraulic shears, hack, and circular saws, air compressors and associated equipment and other material handling equipment; machine tools, grinders, sanders, shot blast machines; grinders, sanders, and machine tools; cooling systems, pumps, fans, and blowers; slot, rotary, and pusher, furnaces (including combustion setup and adjustment; and other related manufacturing equipment).

Perform installation, service and repairs to buildings, facilities, and ground including, but not limited to: doors and door operators, windows, structure and supports, guard rails and fencing, air handling and exhaust units, equipment foundations, pits, trenches, and pavement.

Assist machinists, welders, and electricians as directed in the installation, setup, service, and repair of all equipment and plant facilities.

Provide proper record keeping, documentation, and information for, but not limited to; equipment and facility files, time sheets, and other pertinent data.

Comply with Allegheny Technologies ethics and compliance policies.

Perform other job-related duties as may be assigned.

Essential Functions:

ATI and its subsidiary companies will provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants without regard to applicant's race, color, religion, sex, gender, genetic information, national origin, age, veteran status, disability status, or any other status protected be federal or state law. The company will provide reasonable accommodations to allow an applicant to participate in the hiring process if so requested.

Requirements

High School Diploma or equivalency certificate

Requisition Number

19-2573

Area of Interest

Manufacturing / Production / Operations

Status

Full-time

Job Type

Non-exempt

Location

Portland Operations-P05
SDL2017


Go to apply 

