Job Title = Machinist

?Hone and lap pistons and cylinders using honing machine and lapping lathes. Machine assemblies using manual lathe. Adjust weights by drilling, and manual lathe or mill. Test and determine fitness of use of matched pistons and cylinders against established criteria.

?Work from prints, drawings, method sheets diagrams or other specifications in accordance with established operating procedures, and standard work.

?Work using both in the metric as well as the U.S. standard units of measure.

?Set up, operate and/or maintain production equipment, machines and tools using process documents, diagrams, and written instructions in support of production goals.

?Uses a variety of machinist's hand tools and precision measuring instruments to lay out stock for machining.

?Produces set-ups and adjustment holding tolerances to blueprint specification.

?Inspect incoming machined parts from outside vendors as necessary.

?Collect, analyze, and report data from production processes requiring basic mathematical and statistical knowledge.

?Participate in continuous improvement and lean methodologies.

?Perform duties using regular test equipment in accordance with prescribed procedures, practices, and specifications.

?Under limited supervision, receive limited instructions on routine work assignments and general instructions on new assignments.

?Communicate effectively, troubleshoot, and use good judgment when resolving problems.

?Determines material, parts, and equipment required

?Completes testing for functionality and criteria

?Other tasks as assigned.

?2-4 years of related experience

?High school diploma/GED

?Working knowledge of measuring tools.

All external hiring is contingent upon the successful completion of a pre-employment drug screen and a criminal background check. Fluke is an Equal Opportunity Employer

Fortive is a diversified industrial growth company comprised of global businesses that are recognized leaders in attractive markets. With more than $6 billion in annual revenues, Fortive's well-known brands hold leading positions in field instrumentation, transportation, sensing, product realization, automation and specialty, and franchise distribution.

Fortive is headquartered in Everett, Washington and employs a team of more than 24,000 research and development, manufacturing, sales, distribution, service and administrative employees in more than 40 countries around the world. Our team grows by tackling challenges that accelerate progress and further their careers. With a culture rooted in continuous improvement, the core of our company's operating model is the Fortive Business System. For more information please visit:

Fluke is leading the world in creating software, test tools and technology that will support customers today and in the future. We are a customer-obsessed market leader with a strong reputation for reliability, quality and safety.

A wholly owned subsidiary of Fortive Corporation Fluke is a global corporation headquartered in the greater Seattle area. Driven by the successful Fortive Business System, Fluke offers the passion of a startup with the resources of a Fortune 500 company. We are focused on the growth of our individual employees, teams and the Fluke brand.

"The company in which you have expressed employment interest is a subsidiary or affiliate of Fortive Corporation. The subsidiary or affiliate is referred to as a Fortive Company. Fortive Corporation and all Fortive Companies are equal opportunity employers that evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, ancestry, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions), age, marital status, disability, veteran status, citizenship status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, and other characteristics protected by law. The "EEO is the Law" poster is available at: Individuals who need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process should call or e-mail to request accommodation."


Go to apply 

