Job Title = Machinist

Date Posted: 2019-07-18-07:00
Country: United States of America
Location: HCA41: US092-Westminster, CA 7155 Fenwick Lane, Westminster, CA, 92683 USA
B/E Aerospace, a wholly owned subsidiary of Rockwell Collins Inc., is a leading manufacturer of aircraft interior products and solutions.
B/E Aerospace is the world’s leading manufacturer of aircraft cabin interior products. B/E Aerospace designs, develops, and manufactures a broad range of products for both commercial aircraft and business jets. For more information, visit the B/E Aerospace website at
As a leader in the aerospace industry, we are growing rapidly and have a number of exciting positions available right now, including a CNC/Lathe Machinist (2nd Shift ) in our Machine Products Group, located in Westminster, CA. This division of B/E Aerospace specializes in high-quality, complex components, assemblies, kits, gears, precision and gearbox assemblies, and complex machined parts for commercial and military aerospace applications.
SUMMARY
Under general supervision, performs non-repetitive assignments of a complex and difficult nature involving the set-up and operation of a wide variety of machine toll equipment such as drill press, punch press, brake, and sheer, grinders, graining machines, numerical control equipment and other hand and power machine tools of similar complexity by performing the following duties.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Works from blueprints, rough sketches, production diagrams, engineering drawings and verbal instructions to fabricate a variety of complex machined components
Determines operating methods and sequences; lays out, sets up CNC Lathe and fabricates precision parts, tooling and fixtures to exacting tolerances and dimensions for production, development and short-run requirements
Performs basic maintenance on machines and parts when necessary
Verifies setting by measuring positions, first-run part. Grooving, and cutting, including turning, facing operations; through taking measurements; detecting malfunctions; troubleshooting processes’ adjusting and reprogramming controls; sharpening and replacing worn tools; adhering to quality assurance procedures and processes
Makes standard shop computations relating to dimensions of work, tooling feeds, and speeds; measures, marks, and scribes dimensions and reference points
Makes complex shop calculations using handbook formulas to layout difficult patterns and determines tooling feeds and speeds. Knows the working qualities of a wide variety of materials including aluminum, steel, copper, brass, other metals, plastics and exotics
Checks height, depth and thickness using micrometers, dial indicators, calipers, gauges and other precision-measuring instruments. Inspects work for conformance to specifications. May set up and make “first-article” check on difficult production runs
May prepare recommendations for improvements in methods or processes relative to improved productivity and quality
Performs other duties as assigned
SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES
This job has no supervisory responsibilities.
QUALIFICATIONS
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE
Associate’s degree (A.A.) or equivalent from two-year college or technical school; and minimum four years related experience operating and setting up a CNC Lathe machine and/or training.
Aerospace experience preferred
LANGUAGE SKILLS
Ability to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions and procedure manuals. Ability to write routine reports and correspondence. Ability to speak effectively before groups of customers or employees of organization.
Mathematical skills
Ability to work with mathematical concepts such as probability and statistical inference and fundamentals of plane and solid geometry and trigonometry. Ability to apply concepts such as fractions, percentages, ratios and proportions to practical situations.
REASONING ABILITY
Ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists. Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram or schedule form.
CERTIFICATES, LICENSES, REGISTRATIONS
PHYSICAL DEMANDS
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to use hands to finger, handle or feel. The employee frequently is required to stand. The employee is occasionally required to sit and reach with hands and arms. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus.
WORK ENVIRONMENT
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is occasionally exposed to moving mechanical parts. The employee is occasionally exposed to fumes or airborne particles. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.
United Technologies Corporation is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class.
Privacy Policy and Terms:
Click on this link to read the Policy and Terms

Note to candidates regarding interview scams: We'd like to make it clear that UTC Aerospace Systems never asks candidates for money. If you've been approached with a job offer that you suspect may be fraudulent, we strongly recommend you do not respond, send money or personal information. Please report any suspicious activity to Talent Acquisition.


Go to apply 

