Job Title = Technician

Job Summary
The VMI Technician is responsible for carrying out basic tasks at a customer site or multiple customer sites in a region. All of which can include but not limited to, inventory management, purchasing, shipping, receiving, chemical tracking, storeroom tracking, product delivery and general customer service. The VMI Technician requires knowledge and application of VWR and routine customer systems. Reporting and customer interaction is typically of a routine nature.
MAJOR JOB DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES (List in order of importance)
Facilitates orders for consumable lab inventory replenishment; enters orders into computer systems, Web, etc.
Receives inbound shipments from UPS, Fed-ex, and other common carriers.
Responsible for handling hazardous material and preparing shipping documentation and packaging requirements.
Resolves all shipping errors.
Manages customer’s warehouse inventory including delivery product replenishment (may require driving between facilities to deliver product).
Performs additional inventory management related functions such as monitoring slow moving and dead stock, conduct cycle counting and yearly inventories, and reporting, etc.
Performs shipping coordination activities such as shipping customer material (including hazardous materials), answering customer calls, handling routine issues, operating a hand-jack and forklift, entering relevant shipping information into the customer computer system, and maintaining inspections on safety stations and equipment. Responsible for handling hazardous material and preparing shipping documentation and packaging requirements.
Interfaces directly with customer POC, responsible for managing consigned, non-consigned, customer owned and 3rd party inventory onsite at the customer location.
Supports multiple customers in a geographic area.
Utilizes VWR and basic customer computer systems (ESS,Citrix, Info Access, Intranet, StockTracker, ChemSW, and customer specific ERP systems as well as customer specific shipping systems ) in fulfillment of job duties.
Meets goals and objectives: safety, performance and quality.
Documents SPI Requests.
Perform other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS (Education/Training, Experience and Certifications)
High school diploma or GED required
2 -4 years equivalent experience in material handling/inventory replenishment or customer service
Spill containment training, IATA, DOT, IMDG and OSHA Right to Know a plus
Cross referencing and inside sales experience a plus
Valid Driver?s License and transportation
Forklift certification a plus
KNOWLEDGE SKILLS AND ABILITIES (Those necessary to perform the job competently)
Conform to all customer requirements for background checks, health and safety issues, security clearances and medical checkups.
Knowledge of Information Access and System ESS; intermediate computer skills including Microsoft Office with proficiency in Word and Excel
Solid understanding and experience in either shipping, inventory, or purchasing
Excellent Customer Service Skills; displays a professional can do attitude
High regard for safety, quality and adherence to protocols, policies and procedures
Ability to self-manage and self-motivate; forward thinking
Ability to prioritize tasks, and meet deadlines
Knowledge of VWR?s products and services
Ability to communicate effectively with both the customer and internal contacts
Must be able to lift 50lbs minimum
ENVIRONMENTAL WORKING CONDITIONS & PHYSICAL EFFORT (Under Typical Positions)
The work environment characteristics and physical effort described here are representative of those an associate encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions
Typically works in an office, stockroom, or warehousing environment with adequate lighting and ventilation and a normal range of temperature and noise level
Work assignments are diversified. Examples of past precedent are used to resolve work problems. New alternatives may be developed to resolve problems.
A frequent volume of work and deadlines impose strain on routine basis.
Some physical effort is required. Work is mostly sedentary but does require walking, standing, bending, reaching, lifting or carrying objects that may weigh up to 50lbs
DISCLAIMER:
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of employees assigned to this position.
Avantor is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.

EEO Statement

We are an Equal Employment/Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate in hiring on the basis of sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religious creed, national origin, physical or mental disability, protected Veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state/province, or local law.
If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please contact us by email at and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information. Requests for accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis. Please note that only inquiries concerning a request for reasonable accommodation will be responded to from this email address.
For more information about our commitment to equal employment opportunity, please Privacy Policy(Links to (1) EEO is the Law poster and any supplements, (2) pay transparency nondiscrimination statement, and (3) if desired, Company EEO/AA Statement


Go to apply 

