Job Title = Machinist

Cooper Tire offers an entirely unique work experience because no matter what your title is, you’ll play a part in contributing to the development, manufacturing and marketing of some of the most innovative tire products in the world. Cooper is a fun and exciting place to work, and we easily stand apart from our competition. We’re constantly on the lookout for motivated individuals who lead by example and inspire others to greatness. The opportunities are endless and the rewards rich for those who believe that job satisfaction and career success begin with a satisfied customer. Careers are a Journey…Come Ride with Us!
A for Cooper Tire works in a highly diversified environment that will encompass all phases of machine shop work. The Machinist must possess knowledge to set-up and operate all machines to effect the fabrication, repair, modification, and calibration of gages, patterns, fixtures, molds, tools, and dies used in the manufacture, repair, and modification of equipment in a maintenance environment. The position is responsible for machining necessary maintenance parts required or required in the building of new equipment. Employee is responsible for making of dies and alterations required for dies and performs necessary alterations to tire molds and tire drums upon instruction and must be experienced in both areas. Successful candidate will work according to precision requirements from blueprints, rough sketches, work samples, and verbal instruction, works with engineers or supervisors on standard, special, or unusual instruments, parts, shapes, or materials. Refers to a variety of technical publications relating to the trade. Plans sequence of operation, laying out work, uses precision measuring devices to perform work to tolerances as follows:
Turning - .001 to .003 inch
Milling - .001 to .003 inch
Grinding - .001 to .003 inch
Drilling - .001 to .005 inch
Boring - .001 to .003 inch
Job Specific Duties:
Duties include working with standard, special, and unusual materials as well as steel, bronze, copper, brass, aluminum, stainless steel, cast iron, plastic, and nylon. Must have knowledge of the physical properties of these material such as strength in shear, tension, compression, hardness, etc.
Makes specific machine set-ups to hold work that requires specially constructed devices to properly hold and present work to tooling.
Operates overhead crane, rigs, slings, and devices to handle heavy material.
Must be able to operate machine shop equipment: Lathe Milling Machine Vertical boring machine Shaper Grinders Band saws Drill Press Machine shop tooling and attachments
Must be able to indicate work to repetitive datum plane, parallel, or perpendicular, or concentric to mating parts.
Must work with minimal Supervision. Must be able to check his own work and any assistant he may be assigned; and that work will be consistent with the standards set up by management.
Maintains machine shop equipment and tools.
Will perform other maintenance work if time is not required in machine shop.
Basic Qualifications:
High school diploma, GED OR the Workforce Center’s Career Readiness Certificate (CRC) with a minimum of Silver Certificate level (we will accept the CRC Silver Certificate or higher in lieu of a high school diploma or G.E.D.)
Successful completion of an accredited apprenticeship program in this craft OR 60 months (five years) total work experience working full time in this specific craft with at least one year in a job shop environment
Must score adequately on the Machinist Proficiency Test
Working knowledge of physical properties of common metals required, i.e., strength in shear, tension and compression, hardness, etc.
The ability to interpret printed instructions and drawings necessary to the installation of machinery and equipment
Cooper Tire is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We strive to recruit, develop and retain top candidates by providing an engaging culture and opportunities to grow and develop. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, status as an individual with a disability or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.


Go to apply 

