Job Title = Machinist

Job Summary
General Atomics (GA), and its affiliated companies, is one of the world’s leading resources for high-technology systems development ranging from the nuclear fuel cycle to remotely piloted aircraft, airborne sensors, and advanced electric, electronic, wireless and laser technologies.

General Atomics Electromagnetic Systems (GA-EMS) designs and manufactures first-of-a-kind electromagnetic and electric power generation systems. GA-EMS’ expanding portfolio of specialized products and integrated system solutions support critical fleet, space systems and satellites, missile defense, power and energy, and process and monitoring applications for defense, industrial, and commercial customers worldwide

We have an exciting opportunity for a second shift Machinist to join our Electromagnetic Systems (GA-EMS) Group located in Tupelo, MS. Under general supervision with general instruction, a Machinist is responsible for performing moderately complex functions related to machine tools. A Machinist plans, lays out work, sets up and operates all types of large Computer Numerically Control (CNC) Machine Tools to produce parts and fixtures to exacting tolerances and dimensions from drawings and work instructions.

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Performs moderately complex functions related to CNC machine set-up and operation.
Operates and performs machine set up of CNC horizontal turning lathes and precision milling machines.
Set up and operate various CNC machines to include:Hass Vertical Mill3-axis lathe4-axis latheHorizontal MillElectrical Discharge Machine (EDM)5-axis Mill (Haas/Mori)
Determines cutting tools to be used, method of holding and machine speeds and feeds.
Sets tools with touch-off probe using electrical measurement system.
Reviews engineering drawings from sketches, graphic illustrations or verbal/written correspondence to plan the fabrication sequence to fabricate parts to specifications in a timely manner.
Prepares the fabrication and metrology of components to specifications in a timely manner in a fast paced, schedule driven program
Operates metrology equipment and record and document metrology information.
Documents and certifies work flow and measurements of assigned parts according to standard.
Maintains the flow of work within the unit using independent judgment in solving non-routine problems and recommending solutions.
Performs other duties as assigned or required. We recognize and appreciate the value and contributions of individuals with diverse backgrounds and experiences and welcome all qualified individuals to apply.
Job Qualifications
Typically requires an associate's degree, technical/trade school training or equivalent and four or more years related experience. Additional experience may be substituted for formal education.
US citizenship is required.
Experience with 3-axis machine set up and operation is required.
Experience with 5-axis machine set up and operation is preferred.
Experience with Haas, Okuma, Mori, and Makino machines is preferred.
Experience with electric discharge machine (EDM) is preferred.
Ability to read and understand engineering drawings, sketches, verbal and written instructions.
Knowledge of Geometric Dimensioning & Tolerancing (GD&T) is highly preferred.
Experience using G and M codes required.
Must be able to understand CMM (Coordinate Measurement Machine) reports.
Must be customer focused and possess the ability to perform non-routine or moderately complex set-up and fabrication of CNC Machines and machined parts with little direction.
Must possess experience documenting work flow and measurements of assigned parts according to standard.
Strong interpersonal skills and written communication skills to interface with employees and management; and basic computer skills.
The ability to work both independently and in a team environment is essential as is the ability to work extended hours as required.


Go to apply 

