Job Title = Machinist

Job Snapshot

Job Description Performs manual machining functions on many types of machinery (i.e.: lathes, grinders, mills, saws, etc.) to support the manufacturing of tools, dies, fixtures and gauges• Responsible for supporting the construction of several products concurrently. • Interpret design blueprints to determine manufacturing plan • Perform operations within very close tolerances. • Have their own tools and toolbox • Ability to inspect own work. • Ability to work with Engineering and Programming throughout the manufacturing process • Able to operate multiple machinery; (Bridge Port, Grinders, Saws, EDM). • Comply with Corporate EHS, Quality and HR rules and standardsQualifications• Ability to prioritize and handle multiple assignments. • Ability to effectively work / communicate as part of a die making team. • Ability to independently evaluate design specifications. • Basic Math and Trigonometry knowledge • Experience with general machining practices in a job shop environment • Five or more years of precision machining experience: a) Mold making experience is a plus b) Knowledge of custom tooling is a plus Education: • High school graduate along with secondary machining training.Employees must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position. This position is subject to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) which requires U.S. person status. ITAR defines U.S. person as an U.S. Citizen, U.S. Permanent Resident (i.e. 'Green Card Holder'), Political Asylee, or Refugee.
Job Description
Qualifications Education: Employees must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position This position is subject t the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) which requires U.S. person status. ITAR defines U.S. person as an U.S. Citizen, U.S. Permanent Resident (i.e. 'Green Card Holder'), Political Asylee, or Refugee.


Go to apply 

