Job Title = Machinist

Celebrating its 80th year as an industrial technology leader, Kennametal Inc. delivers productivity to customers through materials science, tooling and wear-resistant solutions. Customers across aerospace, earthworks, energy, general engineering and transportation turn to Kennametal to help them manufacture with precision and efficiency. Every day approximately 10,000 employees are helping customers in more than 60 countries stay competitive. Kennametal generated nearly $2. 4 billion in revenues in fiscal 2018. Learn more at .
CNC Machinist
Solon, Ohio
Summary
Kennametal has an immediate opening for a dependable CNC Machinist to work at its manufacturing site located in Solon, Ohio. The facility is a very clean and organized shop - many machines that you will work on are less than 10-years old. Several employees enjoy 20+ years of experience at the facility and are eager to share their knowledge of the organization. Minimum experience includes 2 years set-up and operation of CNC mills and lathes within a job shop environment, machining to close tolerances working from blueprints. Candidate must also possess ability to edit feeds and speeds, adjust offsets, and troubleshoot. This is an outstanding opportunity to join a growing company that offers highly competitive pay, excellent benefits and generous paid time off. Employee s hired for off shift will be compensated with an addition at $1. 00/hour shift premium for 2nd shift and $1. 25/hour shift premium for 3rd shift on top of their hourly rate.
Typical duties of the Machinist include the following:
Set up and operate, in an efficient timely manner, a wide range of machine tools, both CNC and manual such as mill-turns, mills, lathes, and grinders on a diverse range of product involving difficult operations, aerospace tolerances, and complex shapes.
Align and secure holding fixtures, cutting tools, attachments, accessories, or materials onto machines.
Modify programs in response to problems.
Work from and read blueprints as well as setting and checking work to various quality control gages.
Troubleshooting, determining causes of operating errors and deciding what to do about it.
Confer with engineering, supervisory, or manufacturing personnel to exchange technical information.
Receive verbal and written information
Complete all necessary documentation, electronic data entries and communications accurately and timely.
Understand written instructions and be willing and able to communicate those instructions to others
Read process instructions and drawings and recognize/attend to details
Move all materials, either physically or mechanically, necessary to complete assignments
Perform inspection of machined products by selecting and setting up precision gaging to ensure external and internal quality specifications and requirements
Adhere to and follow all company safety policies and procedures to assure commitment to 100% safe work environment.
Support the Lean Enterprise initiatives and continuously strive to improve customer satisfaction through improved quality, reduction in waste and improved productivity.
Requirements
High School diploma or GED
2 or more years of manufacturing or military experience, or 2 years of formal technical training, is preferred with specific knowledge of blueprint reading and GD&T; methods of dimensioning, as well as proper use and care of precision measurement tools
Proficient in shop math, including geometry and conversions
2 10 years CNC machining experience preferred
Some daily and weekend overtime may be required.
Equal Opportunity Employer


Go to apply 

