Job Title = Machinist

Description

Throughout its’ history, Hitachi Automotive Systems Americas, Inc. has been synonymous with safety, quality, growth, and continuous improvement.Adhering to these core values has enabled us to succeed as a Tier 1 supplier of world-class products to the global automotive market.With five US locations and over 3,500 hard-working employees, we are dedicated to ensuring the expectations of our first-rate automotive customers are consistently exceeded.
Our recent expansion has afforded us a unique opportunity to look for an experienced and dedicated Machinist looking to “shift gears” and join the team in our Monroe, GA facility. This position will be on the A shift (Monday through Friday 6:50 a.m. - 3:10 p.m.) and E shift (Monday through Thursday 8:30 p.m. to 7:00 a.m.). You offer us your determination and work-ethic; we offer you very competitive pay and top-notch health benefits.
The Maintenance Machinist will reproduce spare parts, regrind specialty parts and tooling. Maintains proper tooling to perform machining, grinding and EDM functions. Assists Maintenance and Engineering departments on solving issues on production equipment.
Essential Functions:
1.Read and interpret blueprints, hand sketches, reverse engineering or verbal or written instructions.
2.Analyzes operational problems and develops modifications in design to improve efficiency.
3.Plan the setup and operations of various maintenance tools, considering types of materials, tolerances and machine tool feed and speeds.
4.Heat treat and weld certain parts as required.
5.Use precision measuring tools, (calipers, micrometers, hardness testers, height gages etc.)
6.Use general shop tools, hand tools and shop equipment. (Lathes, Mills, Surface Grinders, Cylinder Grinder, and EDM)
7.Maintain inventory of certain spare parts by reproducing and ensuring that there are always parts available for use.
8.Must be able to process NC or CNC programming and machining.
9.Must be able to use EDM machine to make or modify parts
10.Continuous improvement to reduce the number of defects produced on each line.

Qualifications

Qualifications:
1.Must have High School Diploma or GED and a minimum of 5 years of journeyman experience as a machinist.
2.Must have machine tool technology degree or equivalent experience (preferably 5 years of Journeyman experience).
3.Must have clear understanding of and ability to interpret blueprints and drawings including the understanding of drawing symbols.
4.Must have good mechanical aptitude and understanding of how mechanical mechanisms function.
5.Must have effective communication skills both verbal and written.
6.Must be able to work under short and firm deadlines when required.
7.Must be willing and able to work overtime as required (daily or weekends).
8.Must be able to push, pull and move equipment and/or supplies weighing up to 50 lbs or more.
9.Must be able to distinguish colors.
10.Must have acceptable score on Wonderlic assessment.

PHYSICAL DEMANDS
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to walk. The employee occasionally is required to stand; sit; use hands to finger, handle, or feel objects, tools, or controls; reach with hands and arms; climb or balance; stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl; and talk or hear. The employee must regularly lift and/or move up to 10 pounds, frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds, and occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds. WORK ENVIRONMENT Work performed in a Plant environment. Required to wear hat, safety glasses, ear protection and wear steel toe shoes while performing specific tasks or while in specific manufacturing areas.
Incomplete submissions will not be considered. Since we only hire the best and want to maintain a safe and pleasant work environment for all, final candidates are subject to drug screen and background checks.Hitachi is an Equal Opportunity Employer (M/F/D/V). Global Region:Americas

Organization
:Hitachi Automotive Systems Americas, Inc.Virtual Office:Not AvailableWork Location Address:1000 Unisia Drive, Monroe, Georgia 30655


Go to apply 

