Job Title = MACHINIST

Position Purpose
Machinist reports to the manufacturing supervisor and is responsible for setting up, operating and maintaining a limited number of machine types in an industrial setting. The position works under a high level of supervision, limited troubleshooting, decision-making and problem solving. There is limited contact with external suppliers or customers. Essential Functions
Assist in the set up, and operate machines with little or no supervision and perform required process checks or inspections per the process documentation
Document nonconforming material according to procedures, participate in activities to implement root cause and corrective actions identified.
Adhere to all safety standards, regulations and operating procedures.
Utilize computer programs to enter part data (e.g., serial number), log time, look up instructions and blueprints and download programs.
Utilize work instructions, set-up sheets and method documents to correctly operate machines and inspect machined parts.
Utilize various gauging equipment to ensure conformance to the engineering specifications and standards through the production run.
Clean and maintain measuring instruments and test equipment and inspect parts for cleanliness (e.g., routed and deburring operations). Operate precision inspection equipment and perform first piece check out when applicable to the job. (In Duarte, inspection completed by inspection department.)
Interpret and follow blueprints for proper production task completion.
Perform routed operations of precision close tolerance parts.
Complete paperwork while adhering to record retention requirements.
Utilize basic Six Sigma tools and methodology. Other Functions
Communicate information to others about project status, updates, specific instructions, etc. and review item status in MRP to ensure item is logged/closed out appropriately.
Clean and organize the immediate work area.
May perform secondary work functions such as deburring and sub-assembly with certifications, as required. (Does not apply in Duarte.)
May provide training to others in the department when necessary.
May set up Computer Numerical Controlled (CNC) machinery and make adjustments when necessary.
Monitor and maintain the condition of cutting tools.
Notify supervisors and other personnel of production or machine problems.
Promote teamwork within the organization.
Verify the calibration of equipment and expiration dates.
Obtain certifications as necessary for required processes.
Complete and review product paperwork, verifying all paperwork is present and filled out appropriately.
Follow all departmental safety rules and regulations. Knowledge/Skills/Abilities:
Knowledge of and ability to apply inspection techniques (e.g., formalized inspection standards, inspection instructions, best practices) and use inspection tools efficiently. The ability to read and use micrometers, functional and cylindrical gauges, comparators, indicator setups, calibration stickers and scales.
The ability to read, interpret and use the information presented in drawings, diagrams and blueprints to determine appropriate activities, tools, and next steps in the production process.
Ability to learn and use available business software as necessary.
Knowledge of part special handling guidelines and specifications.
Ability to learn nonconformance procedures and processes when parts fail inspection.This includes knowledge of systems required to log and track failed inspections and associated documentation as needed within area of responsibility.
Knowledge of Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing such as perpendicularity, perpendicularity under load, parallelism, flatness. This includes the ability to interpret tolerances on prints and perform inspection techniques. This includes the ability to interpret datum structures, material condition tolerances, orientation tolerances.
Knowledge of CNC (Computer Numerically Controlled) programming/machining including the ability to read, understand, edit basic programs and/or basic knowledge of one or more of the following skills - grinding, turning, milling, drilling.
Knowledge of how quality impacts the success of the organization including costs to customers, costs of recalls and potential costs due to negative impacts on a company's reputation. This includes taking the necessary steps to ensure quality on a consistent basis and striving for improvement.
The ability to use computer and web-based systems to input, access, modify, or output information or to execute programs.
The ability to write effectively, to read and understand work documents, to communicate information clearly to coworkers and supervisors, and the ability to listen attentively and comprehend key pieces of spoken information.
General knowledge of machines and equipment functionality, and how tools could be used on such equipment/machines. This includes the ability to learn new systems quickly, understanding how parts relate, and how they impact system functionality.
The ability to provide excellent service to internal customers.
The ability and willingness to demonstrate eagerness, enthusiasm, and optimism for work activities. This includes the ability and willingness to take ownership of work activities, to learn and understand company policies and procedures.
The ability to accurately provide the information requested on specific forms, reports, and logs.
The ability to define, diagnose, and resolve problems with limited troubleshooting and problem solving.
The ability to interact cooperatively and collaboratively with others as a team.
The ability to perform simple arithmetic computations including addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division correctly using whole numbers, fractions, decimals, and percentages.
The ability to see details (e.g., letters, numbers, codes, color, symbols, marks, labels, signs) clearly to accomplish work tasks in a safe and efficient manner and possessing strong hand-eye coordination. Education or Formal Training:
High school diploma or equivalent required.
Germany: Completion of 1 Apprenticeship. Experience Required:
At least 1 year of related work experience or applicable degree from a trade school. Woodward is an independent designer, manufacturer, and service provider of control solutions for the aerospace and energy markets. Our aerospace systems and components optimize the performance of fixed wing and rotorcraft platforms in commercial, business and military aircraft, ground vehicles and other equipment. Our energy-related systems and components enhance the performance of industrial gas and steam turbines, reciprocating engines, compressors, wind turbines, electrical grids and other energy-related industrial equipment. The company’s innovative fluid energy, combustion control, electrical energy, and motion control systems help customers offer cleaner, more reliable and more efficient equipment. Our customers include leading original equipment manufacturers and end users of their products. Woodward is an Equal Opportunity EmployerEO/AA/M/F/Disabled/Protected Veterans
Woodward is an independent designer, manufacturer, and service provider of control solutions for the aerospace and energy markets. Our aerospace systems and components optimize the performance of fixed wing and rotorcraft platforms in commercial, business and military aircraft, ground vehicles and other equipment. Our energy-related systems and components enhance the performance of industrial gas and steam turbines, reciprocating engines, compressors, wind turbines, electrical grids and other energy-related industrial equipment. The company’s innovative fluid energy, combustion control, electrical energy, and motion control systems help customers offer cleaner, more reliable and more efficient equipment. Our customers include leading original equipment manufacturers and end users of their products.
Woodward is an Equal Opportunity Employer
EO/AA/M/F/Disabled/Protected Veterans


Go to apply 

