Job Title = machinist

Summary

Successful candidate will be responsible for performing job assignments on manual and/or CNC machines. Manual machine operations include set-up and tool selection of conventional lathes, mills, grinders, drill presses and other standard shop equipment. CNC machine operations include production on lathes or mills after set-up with few machine/program adjustments. Perform on all Machinist (level I) functions plus more complex machine set-ups.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties may be assigned.
Performs all Machine Operator functions.
Performs frequent and complex CNC/ mill and lathe setup/operations to produce quality parts based on provided specifications.
Performs setup/operations on specialty machines.
Recommends program changes and submits program change requests to programmers/engineers.
Performs preventive maintenance such as inspecting/replacing fluid levels; inspecting/replacing filters and belts; performing visual inspection; and operating a refractometer.
Solves tooling issues by identifying productivity of tooling, evaluating tooling performance, and evaluating new tooling requirements.
Performs routine dimensional and visual inspection of product per procedure, specification or print using basic measuring equipment (calipers, micrometer, scale, indicators, and SPC equipment).
Maintains safety practices related to machining; (wear protective clothing, eye glasses, as required).
Participates in set up reduction/process improvement teams to increase process efficiencies.
Trains others on Level I and II Machining skills through on the job training.
Perform in other areas as requested by Team Leader including but not limited to one or more of the following: packaging, finishing, material deployment, quality and other machining areas.
REQUIREMENTS
High school education or GED
2 years of machining experience
Ability to read/interpret blueprints; measuring instruments (micrometers, calipers, scales, and indicators) and in-depth knowledge of tooling identification
Successful completion of Machine Operator test


Go to apply 

