Job Title = Machinist

What Your Job Will Be Like
We are seeking a Machinist to join our team.
Are you passionate about your work and dream of joining a dynamic team that solves challenging issues for our nation's security? As part of our dedicated manufacturing team, you will partner with engineers, CNC programmers, and designers to advise on the development and modification of tools, parts, assemblies, and components. On any given day, you may be called on to:
Perform a variety of duties in the manufacture and machining of tools, dies, jigs, fixtures, mechanical engineering fabrications, prototypes, piece parts, production piece parts assemblies, and components
Analyze data and recommend modifications to components or test procedures to meet desired specifications, requirements, and design for manufacturability tenets.
Create CNC and CAM programs.
Compute dimensions and determine machining operations, materials, and parts required
Design and build machine tool fixtures by analyzing drawings, sketches, models, specifications, diagrams, and engineering or shop specifications
Perform skilled machining and fabrication tasks using a variety of machines and tools to machine jigs, fixtures, one-of-a-kind prototypes, and production piece parts
Recommend revisions in design or substitutions in material based on machinability, manufacturability, or fabrication problems encountered

Qualifications We Require

High school diploma plus 3 or more years of directly related experience; or equivalent combinaiton of education and experience
Must be eligible to obtain and maintain a DOE Q-level clearance

Selected applicants will be required to pass a Job Placement Assessment before beginning the job to ensure that they can perform the essential physical requirements, with or without accommodations.

Qualifications We Desire

Ability to understand and create CNC, CAM programs
Knowledge and/or experience with installing, testing, repairing, and maintaining tools, machines, or equipment
Experience with CNC Lathe utilizing mill-turn and live tool techniques
Experience with CNC five-axis mill experience

About Our Team

This department is in place for the research and development of prototype machined hardware components made on milling machines, lathes, EDM machines, grinders, buffers, saws, routers, and bead blaster. Hardware is typically made from a variety of inert metals, polymers, and composites materials. In rare cases hazardous materials will be handled with the guidance from industrial hygiene and waste management with controls in place. Our mission is to provide an R to D to A (Research to Development to Application) support capability for our customers through excellence in science based engineering and manufacturing technologies. Our capabilities are aligned with Sandia's Strategic Business and Management units and focus on engineering needs of Sandia's National Security Mission. We strive to deliver goods and services that consistently exceed customer expectations.

About Sandia

Sandia National Laboratories is the nation’s premier science and engineering lab for national security and technology innovation, with teams of specialists focused on cutting-edge work in a broad array of areas. Some of the main reasons we love our jobs:
Challenging work with amazing impact that contributes to security, peace, and freedom worldwide
Extraordinary co-workers
Some of the best tools, equipment, and research facilities in the world
Career advancement and enrichment opportunities
Flexible schedules, generous vacations, strong medical and other benefits, competitive 401k, learning opportunities, relocation assistance and amenities aimed at creating a solid work/life balance*

World-changing technologies. Life-changing careers. Learn more about Sandia at:
*These benefits vary by job classification.


Go to apply 

