Job Title = Machinist

Date Posted: 2019-05-08-07:00
Country: United States of America
Location: PW100: East Hartford 400 Main Street, East Hartford, CT, 06118 USA

Pratt & Whitney is a world leader in aircraft engines and auxiliary power units. Headquartered in East Hartford, Connecticut, the company has locations around the United States and across the world.
We are a global leader in aviation propulsion and we are behind many of the major advances in both military and commercial engines. We not only design, but manufacture and service aircraft engines, auxiliary and ground power units, as well as small turbojet propulsion products.
Do you have the experience to join our Team? Are you looking to build upon your skills?
An opportunity exists to join us, we are looking for you to fill the role of Production Machinist!
You should possess a level of competency on machine usage and have an understanding of the Manufacturing/ Aerospace industry. You will assume a role integral to the production of our exceptional engines!

Your Responsibilities
Set up and operate on machine or equiptment typeor other equiptment types to produce Turbine Engine Parts You will setup, operate and perform work where methods, procedures and processes are well-developed and the required tooling, gauging and machines are provided.By following established methods and procedures, use manual or numerically controlled machine tools such as milling, boring, grinding, turning, broaching and shaping machines to achieve the required dimensional specifications.Work from operation sheets,drawings,computer generated information, verbal instrutons, tools and gauges to machinePerform bench assembly and finishing operationsPerform Braze Fabrications operations such as assembly,sizing, application of braze paste,tape or powder and resistance tack weldingPerform bench, assembly and surface finishing operations such as deburring, blending, trimming and fitting, using hand and power tools. You will be integral to cleaning or part preparation and finishing operations. Operate tumbling, grit blast, shot peen, buffing and polishing equipment, wash machines and dip tanks for part surface conditioning. Apply masking as required. Perform applications of anti-gall and polymite coatings utilizing dry bake ovens to cure.Utilize a variety of fixed or variable measuring instruments to check dimensions and part features.You may be assigned to carry out tasks, not specifically listed, within the scope and skill level of this job description in support of department objectives and to develop individuals' skills.

Basic Qualifications:
High School Diploma/GED6+ months previous work experience using CNC machines

Preferred Qualifications:
Bachelors in Mechanical Engineering or Graduation from Machining Program12+months experience working in Aerospace/ManufacturingPrevious experience within a production environment

Inclusion Powers Innovation:

We unlock our employees’ full potential through a versatile and engaging culture that values everybody’s opinion, driving innovation.
The goal of our diversity strategy is to build a workforce and environment where every employee is valued so innovation and creativity thrive and to ensure that all employees are engaged and empowered.
A Phenomenal Place To Work!

PWRSR
United Technologies Corporation is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class.
Privacy Policy and Terms:
Click on this link to read the Policy and Terms


Go to apply 

