Job Title = Machinist

At Ingersoll Rand we are passionate about inspiring progress around the world. We advance the quality of life by creating comfortable, sustainable and efficient environments. Our people and our family of brands—including,,,, and - work together to enhance the quality and comfort of air in homes and buildings; transport and protect food and perishables; and increase industrial productivity and efficiency. We are a global business committed to a world of sustainable progress and enduring results. For more information, visit . Ingersoll Rand is a diverse and inclusive environment. We are an equal opportunity employer, dedicated to hiring a diverse workforce; including individuals with disabilities and United States qualified protected veterans.
Job Summary Set up & operateconventional, special purpose and numerical control (CNC) machines andmachining centers to manufacture component parts by performing the followingduties.

Responsibilities: Follow all safety requirements, demonstrateworking knowledge and safe operation of equipment and machines.
Studies blueprints, sketches,drawings, manuals, specification, sample parts, and/or job instruction sheetsto determine dimensions and tolerance of finished work piece, sequence ofoperations and setup requirements.
Feed raw material or parts tosemi-automated machines.
Communicate with team members andsupport team to ensure continuous production of the correct product at highquality levels with minimal wasted time and material.
Demonstrated ability to meet orexceed established set-up times and production rates and maintain control cards(blue cards).
Operate multiple machinessimultaneously.
Maintain 5S in work area. Qualifications: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactory. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and ability required. Flexible and willing to shift properties, work overtime, and assist in other areas of the plant as needed. Demonstrate willingness and ability to cross-train various tools in all machining areas.Writes and speaks English clearly and legibly. Education and Experience: High school diploma or general education degree (GED)2 years machining experience
We are committed to helping you reach your professional, personal and financial goals. We offer competitive compensation that aligns with our business strategies and comprehensive benefits to help you live your healthiest. We are committed to building an inclusive and diverse culture that engages as well as values the different backgrounds and experiences of our employee, which, in turn, spurs innovation, generates creative solutions and enhances our customer relations. If you share our passion for inspiring progress—for bringing about bold shifts in how people, economies and societies operate—then you belong with Ingersoll Rand. Progress begins with you.


Go to apply 

