Job Title = Machinist

Lindsay Corporation is a global company, headquartered in Omaha, Nebraska, focused on providing irrigation and infrastructure solutions to meet the needs of a growing population. As one of the world's leading providers of irrigation and water management, it's Zimmatic systems are operating in more than 90 countries. Lindsay Corporation's infrastructure division offers a wide range of products that aid in roadway maintenance and transportation safety. Since 1955, Lindsay Corporation has been at the forefront of research and development of products and services designed to meet the needs of a constantly evolving world.
YourRole:We are currently looking for a 1st and 2nd ShiftMachinist to join us at our Lindsay NE location. This position will program, set up and operate conventional, special purpose, and numerical control (CNC) machines and machining centers to machine metallic and nonmetallic parts. Sets up, programs using G & M Code and operates variety of machine tools such as radial drill press, lathes, milling machines, and grinders, to machine metal workpieces such as patterns and machine tools.
Duties & Responsibilities:
Must be able to study blueprint, sketches, drawings, manuals, specifications, or sample part to determine dimensions and tolerances of finished workpiece.
Must be able to use tape measure, micrometers, calipers and gauging equipment
Must have strong math skills
Solid knowledge of CNC controls preferred
Must be able to write and modify CNC programs
Experience programming and operating lasers is a plus
Willingness to work in a team environment
Must be detail and Quality orientated
Must be able to adjust tool offset or WPC's as it becomes necessary
Able to maintain a proactive relationship with engineers, production personnel, programmers, or others to resolve discrepancies.
Must be able to verify conformance of finished workpieces to specifications.
Must follow all safety rules and regulations, including the reporting of any hazards, violations, or injuries to your Team Leader no matter how minor.
Must operate safety equipment and help provide a safe working environment by maintaining good housekeeping practices.
Must be able to work overtime and weekends as required by the Team Leader and to meet our customer needs.
Makes all necessary quality checks and records those checks as required.
Recognizes and communicates all problems and bottlenecks to the Team Leader.
Good math skills.
Must have a strong focus on safety in a Team environment.
What we have to offer:Lindsay has a very competitive compensation plan, including a strong bonus programs and advancement opportunities. We also offer a comprehensive benefits package, including: medical, dental, vision, disability, life insurance, pretax spending accounts, 401(k), tuition assistance, a stock purchase plan, 9 paid holidays, and a Paid Time Off plan where you could accrue up to 15 days within the first year.
What makes Lindsay unique?
Committed to sustainable practices to save energy and use fewer resources daily
Dedicated to innovation to achieve growth through advanced technology
Locations across the US and internationally
Teamwork, employee appreciation, stable career path, and growth opportunities
Lindsay Corporation is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and maintains a drug free workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Job Posted by ApplicantPro


Go to apply 

