Job Title = Machinist

Scheu & Kniss was founded in 1915. The founders of the company were Louis Scheu, Sr. and Louis Kniss. Mr. Scheu had been a tool maker at Ahrens and Knotts Company, now know as American Standard. Mr. Kniss had been a supervisor in the brass finishing department of the same company. The company moved to its present location in 1921.
In 1964, the leadership of Scheu & Kniss passed to the hands of Louis Scheu, Jr. and Alvin Kniss, sons of the founders. Twenty years later, in 1984, Alvin Kniss, "Al", purchased the Scheu held stock, making Scheu and Kniss 100% owned and operated by the Kniss family. In 1996, Al Kniss passed away, leaving Larry and Marvin Kniss to carry on the tradition of the Scheu & Kniss name with quality and service to our customers.
In July of 2001, Scheu & Kniss was acquired by Elizabeth Carbide Die Co., Inc. Elizabeth is known world wide as the premier manufacturer of punches and dies for tablet presses. The history and relationship of Elizabeth Carbide and Scheu & Kniss go back many years. The products offered by each company compliment the other and is a perfect product combination for any sales professional. For many years prior to the acquisition, Elizabeth and Scheu & Kniss utilized many of the same independent sales representatives in the U.S. and abroad. There could be no better fit for two companies to come together.
Scheu & Kniss has a Career Opportunity for an experienced General Machinist.

Position Summary
This position is responsible for setting up and operating conventional, and special-purpose machines to fabricate metal parts. Fits and assembles machined parts applying knowledge of machine shop theory and procedures, shop mathematics, machinability of materials and layout techniques.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities
The essential functions include, but are not limited to the following:
Studies blueprints, sketches, drawings, manuals, specifications, or sample part to determine dimensions and tolerances of finished work piece, sequence of operations, and setup requirements.
Measures and marks dimensions and reference points on material or work piece as guides for subsequent machining.
Selects, aligns, and secures holding fixtures, cutting tools, attachments, accessories, and materials on machines, such as the lathe, mill, hone, keyway cutter, buffer, grinder, and welder.
Calculates and set controls to regulate machining factors such as speed, feed, coolant flow, and depth and angle of cut. .
Starts and observes machine operation to detect malfunctions or out-of-tolerance machining, and adjusts machine controls or control media as required.
Verifies conformance of finished work piece to specifications using precision measuring instruments.
Ensures continuous improvement and complete adherence to ISO 9001:2008 quality standards.
Performs other work-related duties as assigned.

Minimum Qualifications (Education, Experience, Skills)
Two years directly related machine and tooling experience and/or training;
Excellent mathematical and measuring skills
Excellent problem solving abilities
ISO 9001:2008 training
Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral or schedule form.
Ability to read and interpret blueprints

Physical Demands and Work Environment
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this position. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to stand; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; and reach with hands and arms. The employee must regularly lift and/or move up to 25 pounds, and occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds, with or without assistance, and regularly lift over 50 pounds, with mechanical assistance. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, color vision, depth perception, peripheral vision and ability to adjust focus.
The employee is regularly exposed to moving mechanical parts. The employee is exposed to sharp edges and lubricants. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate. Steel-toed shoes and safety glasses are required at all times.


Go to apply 

