Job Title = Machinist

You’re not likely to find another company like Vermeer. Our people are from all walks of life in locations around the world, rolling up our sleeves and getting tough work done every day. Together. We’re a family-owned and operated company with an unmatched culture, one that is built on the belief that every Vermeer team member has real, personal impact – on our people, our customers and our world. Whoever you are and where you are in your career, Vermeer helps you be Equipped to Do More TM.
Job Summary
Work Shift 2 - Second ShiftThe Machinist sets up and operates various machining equipment, including but not limited to: steel saws, shears, punch, buffers, threaders, and various types of drilling machines.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned.
1. Demonstrate the Vermeer characteristics of caring culture, demonstrating agility, customer focused, and stewardship and model the associated behaviors.
2. Reads blueprints or process sheets for specification such as dimensions and tolerances, tooling instructions, feed rates, cutting speeds, depth of cuts, and cutting tools.
3. Selects proper equipment, including tooling, fixtures and accessories, to complete the task.
4. Adjusts machine settings to provide the best quality part with the greatest efficiency.
5. Utilizes measuring tools to verify product quality.
6. Loads and unloads raw material and completed product, at times with overhead hoist.
7. Performs and documents level 1 TPMs.
8. At all times works in a safe manner, following all safety guidelines.
9. Supports 5S/workplace organization goals of the department and offers suggestions and makes improvements that achieve the department’s performance board metrics.
Education and/or Experience
- High school diploma or general education degree (GED).
- One to three months related experience and/or training.
Other Skills and Abilities
- Read blueprints.
- Calculate figures and apply concepts of fractions, percentages and ratios.
- Effectively present information verbally and written and respond to questions from groups of managers, suppliers, customer, and dealers.
- Perform basic Microsoft Office skills, CAD and other software.
- Perform problem solving techniques and root cause analysis.
- Perform multiple tasks simultaneously; ability to assess, evaluate, and carry out appropriate action for a given situation.
Essential Functions
Standing: Frequently
Sitting: Frequently
Walking: Frequently
Hand Coordination: At least average/bilateral
Twisting: Rarely (up to 1 minute in position)
Bending - Trunk: Rarely (up to 1 minute in position)
Bending - Neck: Occasionally (up to 25 degree flex & 30 degree extension for up to 2 minutes)
Elevated Work/Reach: Rarely (up to 1 minute in position)
Squatting/Kneeling: Rarely (up to 1 minute in position)
Climbing: Rarely
Pulling: Rarely (up to 80 lbs) Occasionally (up to 20 lbs) Frequently (up to 10 lbs)
Pushing: Rarely (up to 80 lbs) Occasionally (up to 20 lbs) Frequently (up to 10 lbs)
RH Grip: Rarely (up to 80 lbs) Occasionally (up to 20 lbs) Frequently (up to 10 lbs)
LH Grip: Rarely (up to 80 lbs) Occasionally (up to 20 lbs) Frequently (up to 10 lbs)
RH Pinch: Rarely (up to 15 lbs) Occasionally (up to 5 lbs) Frequently (up to 2 lbs)
LH Pinch: Rarely (up to 15 lbs) Occasionally (up to 5 lbs) Frequently (up to 2 lbs)
Floor to Waist Lift: Rarely (up to 50 lbs) Occasionally (up to 20 lbs)
Horizontal Lift: (up to 50 lbs) Occasionally (up to 20 lbs) Frequently (up to 10 lbs)
Waist to Crown Lift: Rarely (up to 40 lbs) Occasionally (up to 5 lbs)
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability or veteran status.


Go to apply 

