Job Title = Machinist

Murray Resources is actively searching for a Machinist 1st Class for a sales and repair facility for a large steam turbine company. This is a temp to hire role with over time and advancement opportunity.
Machinist 1st Class
Location: La Porte, TX
Schedule: Day Shift and Night Shift available
Pay: $28-$32/hr
Type: Temp to Hire

Responsibilities:
Perform in shop repairs and machining operations. Manufacturing new components per drawings, sketches, and verbal instructions with very limited supervision. Requires attention to detail and very few reworks, rejections, or scrapped parts.
Coordinate with Foreman, Lead Man, Planner and QA/QC to ensure special repair requirements are met.
Organize and maintain an efficient clean machine shop area.
Document, inspect, analyze, and complete reports on equipment inspections and repairs.
Work overtime, as required, to meet customer emergency breakdown demands.
Willingness to learn and test for advancements based on abilities and ambitions presented by the employee.
Maintain reports and records via company standards.
Perform and promote company safety standards within shop and field environments.
Travel, as required, to assist with field service or customer requirements.

Qualifications:
A strong hands-on and working knowledge of the manufacture and assembly of close tolerance turbo-machinery components.
Minimum of Fifteen (15) years of machinist experience.
A strong hands-on and working knowledge of machine stop practices and equipment.
Requires manual dexterity and ability to operate manual machines, tracer lathes, mills, some CNC machines to manufacture precision parts.
The ability to work with close tolerance equipment while coordinating with all departments to keep the flow of work in proper direction. Must have the ability to achieve and meet the timely and cost-effective methods of repair and manufacture.
Strong organized work ethic required to work with all involved with repair process from start to completion.
Some mechanical experience required for resolution of equipment problems and recommended repairs.
Requires strong machinist problem solving and math skills. Must be able to make his own tools, as required, to improvise repairs.
Requires strong verbal and written communication skills (English). Must communicate between shifts, with QA/QC Dept, Foreman, lead man, tool room, and other machinist and mechanics.
Ability to complete documentation and written reports, read Mfg. drawings, make sketches, read precision measuring tools.
Very organized, good interpersonal skills, strong work ethic, "can do" attitude.
Ability to understand and comply with regulations and processes set forth in the repair procedures of the company.
Requires the ability to work component repairs from start to finish with very few or no questions on procedures.
Strengths include a very strong safety work ethic while maintaining a clean efficient work area.
Travel flexibility required.

***Due to the high volume of applications we typically receive, we regret that we are not able to personally respond to all applications. However, if you are invited to take the next step in the process, you will typically be contacted within a few weeks of submitting your application. ***


Go to apply 

