Job Title = Machinist

MachinistClermont, FLMachinistClermont, FLJob Ref - 9393833Under general supervision, the General Machinist performs multiple set-ups and operations to produce parts from steel and aluminum.
S/he sets up and operates a variety of machines to perform diversified machining operations.
Demonstrates behavior that is consistent with the company’s values of Customer Satisfaction, Innovation, Family, and Social Responsibility.Essential Job Functions/Tasks: Under limited supervision, produces general parts and reworks/repairs existing parts.Performs work directly for machinists and mold makers.Performs quality assurance on all work using precision measuring instruments and devices.Other Job Functions: Performs other related tasks as assigned, some of which may become essential to the position.
approach to the health and safety of each employee is based on adherence to our Injury and Illness Prevention Program (IIPP). Every employee is responsible for their safety and must work safely at all times.
Employees are to immediately report all unsafe or hazardous conditions, including injuries and near misses to their Supervisor, Environmental Health & Safety Department, or Workers’ Compensation Manager.
Those employees who do not comply with safe work practices may be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination.Qualifications: Education/Training Required: High school diploma or equivalent education.Thorough understanding and proficiency in use of machines and equipment used in shop, typically acquired through two years of trade school or apprenticeship program, or equivalent education and training.Experience Required: Minimum two years of experience in a manufacturing and tooling shop environment.
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities (KSA's): #1: Strong understanding and proficiency in use of machines and equipment used in tool shop.
#2: Strong verbal and written communication skills in English and the ability to comprehend work instructions.
#3: Understanding of machines and tools, including their uses and maintenance.


Go to apply 

