Job Title = Machinist

Manufacturer in the Power industry is looking for a Machinist.

Responsibilities:
Perform operations such as drilling, tapping, reaming, and boring on a variety of work requiring a degree of skill.
Align and secure holding fixtures, cutting tools, attachments, accessories, and materials onto machines.
Monitor the feed and speed of machines during the machining process.
Required to make setups on a wide variety of parts
Work from drawings and specifications using a variety of precision measuring instruments
Work under general supervision; work is subject to progress and final inspection.
Inspect work after completed as well as complete all appropriate inspection paperwork
Ability to cross-train / rotate to various types of machines in order to learn function in their operation.
Perform Lean Initiatives including Continuous Improvement
The employee may be required to work beyond normal working hours from time to time as the workload dictates
Perform other related duties as assigned.

Working hours: 2:00 PM - 10:30 PM

Skills:
Knowledge & use of shop mathematics
Knowledge of Geometric symbols
Able to read and interpret drawings & schematics
Experience using a variety of measuring tools / instruments

Education:
High School

Experience:
Experienced

Qualifications:
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS
High School Diploma or GED from an accredited institution
Minimum three (3) years previous work experience as a Machinist

Please Apply to the Posting and call the Branch

Randstad is a world leader in matching great people with great companies. Our experienced agents will listen carefully to your employment needs and then work diligently to match your skills and qualifications to the right job and company. Whether you're looking for temporary, temporary-to-permanent or permanent opportunities, no one works harder for you than Randstad. EEO Employer: Race, Religion, Color, National Origin, Citizenship, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, Age, Disability, Ancestry, Veteran Status, Genetic Information, Service in the Uniformed Services or any other classification protected by law. San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance: Qualified applicants in San Francisco with criminal histories will be considered for employment in accordance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.


Go to apply 

