Job Title = Machinist

Company Overview:
Flowserve is the recognized world leader in supplying pumps, valves, seals, automation, and services to the power, oil, gas, chemical, and other industries. With more than 18,000 employees in more than 55 countries, we combine our global reach with a local presence.
Position Description:
To machine, inspect and produce manufactured product per operating procedures and instructions
Job Duties: This section describes the principle responsibilities of the position
% Time
Accountabilities
50%
Perform basic setups and machining operations on parts requiring moderate geometric tolerances and finishes. Machine common and some exotic materials with few mistakes.
45%
Safely operate common machine tools. Regularly use common measuring equipment.
5%
Participate in CIP activities as needed or asked.
FLOWSERVE COMPETENCIES
\t•\tOperating Effectively- Always on task, and consistently meets challenging goals.
\t•\tDriving results- Reliable execution of plan on a daily basis
Physical Demands:
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to stand; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; and reach with hands and arms. They are frequently required to talk or hear. They are occasionally required to walk. They must also occasionally lift up to 50 pounds. Vision requirements for this position are close vision, depth perception and the ability to adjust focus.
Work Environment:
This position regularly requires work near moving mechanical parts. It occasionally requires exposure to fumes or airborne particles and vibration. Typical noise levels are loud.
Position Requirements:
Qualifications
\t•\tPerform basic machining operations including drilling, turning, boring, facing, milling, etc.
\t•\tPerform set ups on basic parts with regular shapes
\t•\tCalculate speeds and feeds for common materials
\t•\tRead/understand basic blueprints
\t•\tFollow written and verbal instructions
\t•\tProficient computer skills for accessing and navigating systems including Oracle, LMS, PMP, ISOquest, email, etc.
Essential Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:
LANGUAGE SKILLS
Ability to read, analyze, and interpret engineering drawings, technical procedures, or governmental regulations. Ability to read, write and interpret business correspondence, procedure manuals, work instructions.
MATHEMATICAL SKILLS
Ability to work with mathematical concepts such as probability and statistical inference, and fundamentals of plane and solid geometry and trigonometry. Ability to apply concepts such as fractions, percentages, ratios, and proportions to practical situations.
REASONING ABILITY
Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions. Ability to interpret an extensive variety of technical instructions in mathematical or diagram form and deal with several abstract and concrete variables.
Preferences:
Education Preferred:
Certificate (1 Yr.) or equivalent; or one to two years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Beneficial Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
Basic product knowledge, programming skills


Go to apply 

