Job Title = Machinist

1. Responsible for working from process sheets, engineering drawings/specifications, sketches and written/oral instructions to machine various end product items. Works to extremely close tolerances and inspects work using precision measuring instruments. Completes manufacturing/quality control reports.
2. Responsible for independently performing tasks requiring accuracy and mental application in the use of advanced shop mathematics.
3. Responsible for suggesting and working with Manufacturing Engineering and others in developing alternate methods and procedures which contribute toward more efficient and economic product manufacturing.
4. Responsible for performing work assignments which require accomplishing untried tasks, first run complex machining, method process prove out, etc. in consultation with Manufacturing Engineering or others as required.
5. Responsible for making complex setups and accomplish precise alignment of work piece in machine and manufacturing to extremely close tolerances on parts of high complexity, such as gun barrels and other parts, as well as parts of low to medium complexity.
6. Responsible for independently performing tasks requiring accuracy and mental application in the use of shop mathematics, GD&T (Geometric Dimensioning & Tolerancing) and Feeds & Speed calculations.
7. Cleans/deburrs parts as conditions permit utilizing machine tools, power tools or hand tools.
8. Maintains and returns all equipment such as tooling, jigs, fixtures and gages to the proper storage area.
9. Performs routine operator maintenance functions such as daily lubrication, chip removal, and the cleaning of machines, table, surrounding area as required.
10. Rigs/loads/unloads parts or equipment from machines utilizing special handling equipment as needed.
11. Employee is responsible for maintaining/improving housekeeping standard in his/her work area and adhering to established safety rules and practices.
12. Train other machinists as required.
13. Works under the supervision of a Team Leader who gives minimal instructions. Team Leader is available for consultation.
14. Must understand shop floor computerized time and attendance system and independently execute assigned responsibilities. Examples of those responsibilities are: clocking in and out upon arrival and departure from work, close shop order sequences when work is complete, etc.

Required Skills and Education
Requires a minimum:
High School diploma or equivalent
3-5 yrs machining experience
Ability to work to engineering documentation with minimal supervision

Preferred Skills and Education

Prefer (3-5+) years precision machining experience
One (1-3) year CNC machining.
Familiar with Microsoft Operating systems
Understanding of Machine Code

About BAE Systems Electronic Systems
BAE Systems Electronic Systems is the global innovator behind game-changing defense and commercial electronics. Exploiting every electron, we push the limits of what is possible, giving our customers the edge and our employees opportunities to change the world. Our products and capabilities can be found everywhere – from the depths of the ocean to the far reaches of space. At our core are more than 14,000 highly talented Electronic Systems employees with the brightest minds in the industry, we make an impact – for our customers and the communities we serve.


Go to apply 

