Job Title = Machinist

Support the design group with prompt, cost effective fabrication of sheet metal and machined parts for design validation.
Provide Tech Center with necessary fabrication of tooling and fixtures to support ASIC production.
Active participant in design improvement and documentation.
Operate cut-off saws, band saws, table saws.
Qualifications:
Minimum of 10 years of direct related experience.
Typically requires higher education or specialized training/certification – years of related experience may be acceptable.
Able to develop parts from rough ideas and concepts to 3D models and prints.
Familiar with molds and precision fabrication, acute knowledge of methods to create accurate, cost effective tools.
Proficiency with manual milling and turning operations.
Proficiency with CNC mill/lathe set-up and operations.
Able to hold close tolerances; attention to detail is imperative.
Experience with precision grinding, EDM operations (wire & sinker).
Familiar with set up and operation of various brakes, shears, punches and various fabrication techniques.
Able to work with very small, intricate parts (on both machined and sheet metal applications).
Experience with water jet programming, set up and operation
Demonstrated communication skills.
Excellent safety record
Strong CAD knowledge/experience (direct CoCreate experience a plus).
Proficient CAM skills and 3D machining. (MasterCam preferred)
Knowledgeable in material properties (ferrous & non-ferrous metals, plastics), heat treating
TIG welding (aluminum & steel)
Basic knowledge of electronics, pneumatics, hydraulics; able to perform basic machinery maintenance and troubleshooting.
CAD/CAM certification a plus
NSTM certification a plus
The work must be done on-site, so telecommuting will not be possible. Please submit your resume with salary requirements. Principals only; no third parties or off-shore companies. No phone calls please.
Tekberry Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other protected categories under all applicable laws.
As a W2 employee you will have access to health benefits.


Go to apply 

