Job Title = Machinist

Sanmina Corporation (Nasdaq: SANM) is a leading integrated manufacturing solutions provider serving the fastest-growing segments of the global Electronics Manufacturing Services (EMS) market. Recognized as a technology leader, Sanmina Corporation provides end-to-end manufacturing solutions, delivering superior quality and support to Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) primarily in the communications networks, defense and aerospace, industrial and semiconductor systems, medical, multimedia, computing and storage, automotive and clean technology sectors. Sanmina Corporation has facilities strategically located in key regions throughout the world.
Manufacturing Technician
Summary of position:
Work includes assignment planning, layout, set up, operating and making tool adjustments for various tools of manual and CNC machine shop equipment. Works from blueprints, process sheets, and sketches to perform production tasks, which may include the cutting and shaping of metal to precision dimensions.
Essential functions and duties:
Transfer commands from servers to computer numerical control (CNC) modules, using computer network links.
Set up and operate CNC machines to perform one or more machine functions on metal or plastic work pieces
Mount, install, align and secure tools, attachments, fixtures, and work pieces on machines, using hand tools and precision measuring instruments.
Check to ensure that work pieces are properly lubricated and cooled during machine operation.
Review program specifications or blueprints to determine and set up machine operations and sequencing, and finished work pieces dimension.
Listen to machines during operation to detect sounds such as those made by dull cutting tools or excessive vibration and adjust the machine to compensate.
Remove and replace dull cutting tools
Modify cutting programs to account for problems encountered during operation and modified programs.
Calculate machine speed and feed ratios and size of position cuts.
Lift work pieces to the machine with manually or with hoists or cranes.
Control coolant systems
Cooperate with the coordination and implementation of policies and procedures to ensure safety and healthy working environment in the manufacturing area in support of departmental and institutional safety programs.
Apply daily and weekly preventive maintenance program in accordance with TPM practices and principles
Non-essential functions and duties:
Perform preventative maintenance or minor repairs on machines.
Set up future jobs while machines are running
Write simple programs for CNC control panels
Confer with supervisors or managers to resolve machine malfunctions or production errors
Sort shop orders into groups to maximize materials utilization and minimize machine setup time.
Follows all safety and health guidelines/rules for the machine shop
Keeps work area clean by sweeping, wiping down machines, etc.
Follows the 5s procedures for the department
Performs other duties as assigned
Qualifications:
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodation may be made to sure the individual with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Must have Technical degree or Machine Tool Certification
Less than minimum of 5 years experience as a CNC machinist on 5 axis machines mills or lathes
Must have basic computer skills (Microsoft Suite and know how to use a computer)
Must have a good understanding of metals, and plastics
Must have excellent interpersonal and written communication skills
Will type on a computer keyboard, use a computer mouse, and a computer monitor for 8 hours a day
Must be able to verbally communicate
Must be able to observe and hear warning signs and signals within all areas of the company.
Language skills:
Ability to read and interpret training documents, safety rules, and procedural documents
Mathematical skills:
The ability to choose the right mathematical methods or formulas to solve a problem
Reasoning ability:
The ability to apply general rules to specific problems to produce answers that make sense.
The ability to combine pieces of information to form general rules or conclusions (includes finding a relationship among seemingly unrelated events).
Work environment:
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job:
Work is performed in a manufacturing environment
The employee may be exposed to dust, oil, coolant, and noise
The usual noise level in the work environment is moderate to high
Must be able to work in a fast-paced environment
Must be able to adapt to frequent changes to work processes
Sanmina is an Equal Opportunity Employer – M/F/Veteran/Disability/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity Or APPLY WITH MONSTER v16.0.0.3 Last sync: 2019-09-06 22:35:06


Go to apply 

