Job Title = Machinist

Nesco Resources currently has an amazing opportunity for a skilled machinist for the Ahoskie, NC area

General Description:

Sets up and operates conventional, special purpose, CNC and Numerical Control (NC) machines and machining centers to fabricate metallic parts by performing the following duties:

Duties and Responsibilities:

" Studies blueprints, sketches, manual, specification, or sample parts to determine dimensions and tolerances of finished workpiece, sequence of operations, and setup requirements.

Measures, marks, and scribes dimensions and reference points on material or work-piece as guides for subsequent machining as necessary

Selects, aligns, and secures holding fixtures, cutting tools, attachments, accessories, and materials on machines as necessary to machine parts as required.

Calculates and sets controls to regulate machining factors such as speed, feed, coolant flow,and depth and angle of cut, or enters commands to retrieve, input, or edit computerized machine control media according to established guidelines and procedures.

Starts and observes machine operation to detect malfunctions or out-of-tolerance machining, and adjusts machine controls or control media as required.

Verifies conformance of finished work-piece to specifications, using measuring and inspections tools as necessary.

Sets up and operates machine on trial run to verify accuracy or machine settings or programmed control data.

Performs routine maintenance tasks on machine as specified and required.

Confers with engineers, production personnel, programmers, or others to resolve machining or assembly problems.

Maintain a clean and organized work area and maintain all equipment, to like new appearance, according to maintenance plans and established procedures.

Maintain a positive work atmosphere by acting and communicating in a manner so that you get along with vendors, co-workers and management.

Continue to grow lean knowledge and use tools to identify and assist with continuous improvement.

Ensure safe work practices and followed and adhered to.

"Perform other related duties as assigned.

Required Knowledge and Skill Sets:

" Ability to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals. Ability to write routine reports and correspondence may be necessary.

" Ability to work with mathematical concepts such as portability and statistical inference and fundamentals of plane and solid geometry and trigonometry. Ability to apply concepts such as fractions, percentages, ratios, and proportions to practical solutions.

" Ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardizations exist. Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram or schedule form.

" Good interpersonal skills, phone manners and the ability to work with others

" Good organizational, planning and time management skills

" Excellent computer skills, including comprehensive knowledge of Microsoft Outlook, Excel, Word

Education/Experience:

"High School Diploma or Equivalent

"Associates degree ( A.A.) from two year accredited college or technical school; or 2-3 years related experience and /or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.

Expectations:

" Familiarity with all of our Client companies forms, documents, reports related to your job function, including but not limited to forms and reports related to inventory, logistics, & production/operations departments

" Maintain neat and accurate written documentation as required

" Communicate all pertinent job related information to supervisor/manager on a daily basis

" Forward-thinking while learning from errors, with focus on quality and customer service, solutions and continual improvements

" Focus on efficiencies and time- and labor-saving steps; cost reduction; increased profitability

" Conduct job duties in a safe and efficient manner. Abide by all safety policies and guidelines.

" Maintain a clean and safe work environment at all times

" Promptly report any accidents, incidents, near misses or hazardous conditions to your supervisor

Physical Demands: While performing the duties of the job, the employee is regularly required to stand. The employee is frequently required to walk; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms and talk or hear. The employee is occasional required to sit; climb or balance and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must occasionally lift and /or move up to 50 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision and ability to adjust focus.

Work Environment: While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly exposed to moving mechanical parts. The noise level in the environment is usually moderate.

Nesco Resource is an equal employment opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, or veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics with respect to employment opportunities.


Go to apply 

