Job Title = Machinist

Job Description

Job Description

This position requires a person to set up and operate CNC and manual machinery to manufacture medical components from raw material in a team based environment. Must be able to comply with all governing rules including S.N.E. policies and procedures and adhere to safety and cleanliness practices in the work place. This position works under minimal supervision.
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS
Position Functions
Machine medical components, including but not limited to: Perform moderate set ups and operate CNC and manual metal fabricating equipment, including turning, milling, grinding, drilling, tapping, EDM and honing.Operate simple machines simultaneously.Set up and operate various inspection instruments as required.Set up, train, and monitor lower level employees.Work closely with engineers and toolmakers in the areas of fixture design, cutting tool design, process development and part design.Ability to make minor fixture modifications and repairs.Troubles shoot problems in production and development.Prepare material and work orders for production as needed.Read and understand blue prints.Establish cutter compensation and tool offsets.Identify and change dull tooling.All essential job functions of a Machinist II.
Complete and understand documentation needed to comply with S.N.E. policies, Quality Manual and procedures including but not limited to: FDA, QSR and various domestic and international standards and regulations.Company policies and procedures.Labor transactions and bar code scanning.
Work in a team environment using the skills of communicating, listening and participating in developing continuous improvement on products and processes.
Safety, cleanliness of equipment and company product, including but not limited to: Simple maintenance as required.Clean work area as needed.Complies with all health, safety and environmental policies, procedures and job hazard assessments applicable to specified job activities including medical evaluations as required by job function.
Perform other related duties as assigned.
REQUIREMENTS
Travel
Click here to enter text.
Education
High School education or equivalent required. Vocational school preferred.
Licenses/Certifications
None
Experience Must have minimum of 1 year of experience in the operation of machining moderate to highly complex components from an array of materials.Must be able to complete simple inspections.Must be knowledgeable of the operation of hand finishing medical components.Must have 1 year of experience with CNC milling, turning, grinding and EDM machines
Competencies
Must be able to read/write English and have basic math skills.
Other
Requires the ability to interact with team members and other departments.


Go to apply 

