Job Title = Machinist

Job Title :
GENERAL PURPOSE OF JOB
Set up and operate machine tools and perform any dismantling, precision fitting or assembly work required in both shop and field.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES.
Interprets drawings and sketches
Plans and determines working procedures, calculating dimensions and other necessary data
Calculates and determines dimensions, tapers, indices and other data, using shop Cannula and handbooks as necessary
Sets up and operates machine tools, adjusting stops, feeds and speed for efficient machining
Dismantles, cleans and replaces work or broken parts and rebuilds machinery using hand, power and testing tools, machine parts to precision tolerances and specified finishes.
Makes repair parts for equipment, using precision measuring instruments, lathes, milling machine and other shop tools.
Maintains gasoline powered equipment assigned to area.
Constructs any kind of mechanical devices and installs as required.
REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE SKILLS AND ABILITIES
Applicant must have good communications skills (oral and written).
Must be able to manage time effectively and set priorities.
Requires the ability to manage multiple tasks and troubleshoot problems.
Ability to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions and procedure manuals.
Ability to write routine reports and correspondence.
Ability to speak effectively.
Ability to add, subtract, multiply and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals.
Ability to compute rate, ratio, and percent and to draw and interpret bar graphs.
Ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists.
Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form.
Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram or schedule form.
Availability to work any shift, including weekends and holidays (shifts may be rotating, operations are 24/7/365).
Ability to work in adverse climate/temperature environment.
Ability to wear respirator in conditions of fumes, odors, dusts, mists, gases or poor ventilation.
Ability to work in confined spaces.
REQUIRED EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE
HS Diploma/GED
4 years experience as Journeyman Machinist or completion of a State approved Apprentice Program
A core value of ASARCO LLC is “Safety First.” The Company is committed to help employees continuously improve their efforts to work in the most safe, inclusive, socially and environmentally responsible manner practicable. Employee safety and health, both on and off the job, are critically important to the Company. Therefore, ASARCO LLC requires employees to have and effectively demonstrate good working knowledge of modern safety systems. Each employee will take prime responsibility for ensuring that s/he works within all required safety procedures and processes.
ASARCO LLC is an equal opportunity employer. Candidates must possess a current and valid driver’s license. Offers of employment are contingent upon a successful criminal background check and pre-employment physical including a drug screen.
ASARCO LLC offers an excellent low cost benefits package for medical/prescription/ dental/vision, disability coverage, life insurance and other optional coverage, and 401(k) plan with company match.


Go to apply 

