Job Title = Machinist

Welcome page Returning Candidate? Log back in!

Machinist- (starting pay $52,000 to $56,000)
Posted Date 3 months ago(11/29/2018 11:33 AM) Job ID 2018-2695 # of Openings 1 Job Locations US-NY-Buffalo Business Unit Advanced Materials Group Relocation Provided No Category Hidden (18088)

OVERVIEW

Simply stated, Materion makes advanced materials that improve the world. We are a global leader in creating innovative, high performance engineered material solutions and services for a wide range of growth industries: high-tech consumer electronics, telecommunications, commercial aerospace, defense, medical, automotive, and many more.
Our products, services and expertise help enable customers’ technologies. We supply sophisticated thin film coatings for hard disk drives, specialty inorganic chemicals for solar energy panels, bio-compatible materials for implantable medical devices, specialty alloys for miniature consumer electronics components, optical filters for thermal imaging, critical components for infrared sensing technology, special materials for LEDs and much more. As the world’s only integrated “mine-to-mill” supplier of beryllium-based products, we also offer beryllium, specialty engineered beryllium alloys and beryllium composites.
As a team of 2,700 associates, we partner with customers in more than 50 countries. In 2017, we generated over $1B in revenues and made an exciting new acquisition that expanded our footprint in the, Europe and Asia.
For more information, check out our video “Materion Is” along with other videos of us showing you how we’re Making a Difference our shared purpose of” Making Advanced materials that Improve the World .”
Click on any of the icons below to connect with Materion on social media.

JOB PURPOSE AND REPORTING STRUCTURE

Under the direction of the Associate Supervisor, the Machinist sets up and operates manufacturing equipment associated with material fabrication.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES

Performs tasks of substantial variety or complexity which require knowledge of fabrication / processing techniques, tools, materials, machines, and equipment relative to area of specialization.
Operates cylindrical, surface, bench and belt grinders, Manual/ CNC lathes and milling machines. Able to use precision measuring equipment such as calipers, micrometers, dial indicators and profilometers.
Works from engineering drawings, rough sketches, manuals or verbal instructions.
Constructs components and parts to extremely close tolerances.
Devises and uses nonstandard procedures.
Must be proficient using micrometers, calipers and measuring instruments.
Record and complete all paperwork as required.
Maintain cleanliness of equipment and work area.

EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE

High school diploma or equivalent. 5 years previous machine shop experience and/or 2 year Technical School (machining). CAD/CAM experience helpful but not required.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Salary range ~ $52,000-56,000 depending on shift and experience


Go to apply 

