Job Title = Machinist

Overview

Triumph Group designs, engineers, manufactures, repairs and overhauls a broad portfolio of aviation and industrial components, accessories, subassemblies, systems and aircraft structures. We partner with original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and operators of commercial, regional, business and military aircraft worldwide, to provide products and services that solve their hardest problems. So, whatever the part, component or complexity of assembly, Triumph is committed to quality, service and meeting the specialized needs of each customer.
Triumph participates at all levels of the aerospace market – from single components, to complex systems, to aerospace structures and their contents. We provide solutions for the entire product life cycle of an aircraft – from raw material to aftermarket service. Our unique ability to integrate a broad range of products and capabilities is our competitive advantage.
Triumph Mechanical Solutions located in Windsor, CT is currently seeking a Machinist to produce products by setting-up and operating one or more specialized manufacturing CNC machines.

Responsibilities

Able to set-up and operate manual and CNC milling machines, CNC lathe, engine lathes, surface grinders or OD-ID grinders with minimal supervision. Must be able to set-up and operate tool room equipment including Jig Bore and Jig Grinding Machines. Honing, lapping, and EDM experience beneficial.
Have the ability to read and follow set-up sheets, operation sheets, blueprints, programs and/or drawings.
Meet production deadlines by following manufacturing schedules and procedures.
Able to follow and instruct on machining set-ups and operating principles.
Be able to troubleshoot and offer suggestions on how to resolve machining concerns.
Familiarity with the use of a variety of machinist’s hand fools and precision measuring instruments.
Able to make standard shop computations relating to dimensions of work, tooling, feeds, and speeds; measures, marks and scribes’ dimensions and reference points.
Able to set and use all standard measuring instruments including Micro Hite.
Maintain a safe working environment by utilizing safety applications and keeping all work areas clean.
Contribute to the team effort by maintaining a positive attitude.
Other duties as assigned.

Qualifications

High School Diploma, or equivalent. Technical or vocational training desired.
5-10 years operating multiple manufacturing machines, including CNC lathe, mill drill, grinding machine, CNC mill machine and deburring. Experience with tool room machining desired.
Strong mechanical aptitude with substantial acquaintance with and understanding of technical aspects of the job.
Work requires the ability to understand and follow instructions, the ability to concentrate and the ability to work as part of a team and get along with others.
This position requires strong verbal and written communication skills in addition to attention to detail.


Go to apply 

