Job Title = Machinist

Orion Novotus, a division of Orion Talent, consults with a variety of industrial clientele who share a common and critical need - Exceptional People.
We have an opportunity in the beautiful Seattle, WA area seeking to hire an Machinists to join an extraordinary team.
This positoin will be second shift and weekends only.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities Studies blueprints, sketches, drawings, manuals, specifications, or sample parts to determine dimensions and tolerances of finished work piece, sequence of operations, and setup requirements.
Measures, marks, and scribes dimensions and reference points on material or work pieces as guides for subsequent machining.
Selects, aligns, and secures holding fixtures, cutting tools, attachments, accessories, and materials on machines such as mills, lathes, and jig borers.
Calculates and sets controls to regulate machining factors such as speed, feed, coolant flow, and depth and angle of cut, or enters commands to retrieve, input, or edit computerized machine control media.
Starts and observes machine operation to detect malfunctions or out-of-tolerance machining, and adjusts machine controls or control media as required.
Verifies conformance of finished work piece to specifications.
Sets up and operates machine on trial run (prove-out), when afforded, to verify accuracy of machine settings or programmed control data.
Documents all information pertaining to the setup and operation of each job assigned.
This is accomplished with sketches, photos, and written descriptions, and includes the responsibility to keep this documentation neat, easy to read and up to date.
Confers with Manufacturing Engineering, Programmers, Planners, and other personnel to resolve machining or assembly problems.
Takes responsibility for maintaining good housekeeping practices with assigned machines and immediate work areas.
Applies good technical practices to care for and prevent damage to machining and measuring equipment.
Meets established standards for productivity and quality.
Confers with supervisor when problems arise impacting expected level of performance.
Responsible for supporting and ensuring compliance to ISO 9001/AS9100 Quality Management Systems.
Associate’s degree (A.A.) or equivalent from a two-year college or technical school Or CNC Machining Industry Experience All levels of experience encouraged to apply Ability to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, work orders, specifications, aerospace blueprints and drawings, and procedure manuals.
Ability to communicate effectively with managers or employees.
Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form.
Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions.
Ability to use basic hand tools including precision measuring equipment.
Must be able to sit or stand for at least 10 hours a day.
Ability to frequently lift and/or move up to 25 pounds, and occasionally lift and/or move more than 50 pounds.
EOE


Go to apply 

