Job Title = Machinist

Join the future of food! At our company we strive for continuous improvement, not only in our processes, but in our people. High quality employees allow us to remain on the leading edge of innovation. With you, we make things better!
Machine parts according to shop drawing specifications. Measures and marks material for reference points and dimensions to assist in the accurate machining of parts.
Set-up and programming of machining equipment to produce parts. Starts and observes machine operation for malfunctions and out of tolerance parameters. Makes adjustments as needed.
Operates saws, grinders and other various machines, power and hand tools to complete assigned job. May perform various cleaning activities to maintain the safety and cleanliness of Machine Shop. Activities may include but are not limited to sweeping and mopping floor, wiping off surfaces and removing debris.
Maintains machining tools as required such as grinding or cleaning tools to operate efficiently. Stores equipment appropriately and maintains a clean work area. Ensures normal and efficient operation of all machine equipment and tools. Immediately notifies management of any abnormal operation of machine, noises or problems that need to be addressed.
Perform in process inspection of parts to verify accurate measurement, dimensions and tolerances using standard inspection equipment and measuring devices.
Completes assigned jobs on schedule and within drawing specification. Effectively communicating any issues, problems or concerns regarding job or schedule.
Ability to perform all essential job functions with or without reasonable accommodation.
Performs all other duties as assigned.
Ability to read and interpret drawings and blueprints and maintain specified dimensional accuracy of machined parts.
Basic programming knowledge and operation of CNC lathes, mills, and digital tools.
Must be able to work independently at times, follow detailed instructions and complete assigned tasks timely.
1 year minimum prior work experience machining parts including experience reading and understanding blueprints.
Good verbal/written communication skills to understand/clarify/confirm work instructions and directions.
Good mathematical skills to understand dimensions and tolerances
Must be able to lift, push, and pull up to 60 lbs.
This position requires walking, standing, climbing, bending, reaching and handling.
Must be willing and able to work flexible hours, including weekends.
Must have regular and punctual attendance. Our company is known for its competitive pay, benefits, and opportunities to advance. Depending on position benefits may include: Health/Dental/Vision, Disability, Life, Flex Medical and Dependent Care, Matching 401(k), Profit Sharing, Paid Vacation and Holidays. Our company is an equal opportunity employer and will not discriminate against any person on the basis of race, religion, national origin or sex in violation of Title VII. The company prohibits discrimination against employees, applicants for employment and students on the basis of age, color, disability, marital status, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, or veteran’s status.


Go to apply 

