Job Title = Engineer

Summary:
THIS POSITION IS ALSO BEING POSTED AT THE SENIOR LEVEL (R-005419); HOWEVER, ONLY ONE WILL ULTIMATELY BE FILLED.
Check out our profile onGlassdoor!

THIS POSITION IS BEING RE-POSTED. CANDIDATES WHO PREVIOUSLY APPLIED NEED NOT REAPPLY. Glassdoor!
Individual will be involved in the evaluation and specification of material and equipment used on the electrical distribution system at Eversource Energy. In addition, individual will plan and coordinate engineering assignments with projects related to the design and construction of the distribution system and deal with a wide variety of field and staff functions at Eversource and our Operating Companies, as well as outside agencies and organizations.
Essential Functions:
Evaluation of Distribution Equipment and Materials to be used on the Electrical Distribution System.
Material Specification development and Material Standard creation.
Construction Standards to support field personnel with installing the Distribution Equipment.
Work Method Standards to support field personnel with operating the Distribution Equipment.
Equipment Performance, Reliability and Failure Analysis tracking and field and system engineering support.
Works with other departments to provide technical support.
Analyzes and investigates field needs; recommends appropriate solution.
POSITION REQUIREMENTS:
A Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering and a minimum of five years of related experience is required. Power distribution experience (UG and OH) is highly desirable. Experience in the utility industry is also preferred.
Other requirements include:
Excellent written and oral communication skills are a must.
Excellent Analytical, Technical Writing and Oral Communication skills are required.
Knowledge of the principles of electricity, mechanics, hydraulics and structures.
Knowledge of national code and their interpretation
Skill in the use of technical and engineering instruments and tools.
Strong computer skills and proficiency using the Microsoft Office Suite and internet applications
Ability to set work priorities.
Ability to maintain records, and prepare reports and correspondence related to the work.
Willingness and ability to work during storms for extent hours.
Please include a resume with your application. Worker Type: Number of Openings: SEO Category: EEO Statement
Eversource Energy is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, religion, disability status, or protected veteran status.
VEVRRA Federal Contractor


Go to apply 

