Job Title = Machinist

Job Summary
Must be able to stand at least 6 hours a day on concrete and lift 50 lb
Our shop is 70% manual machine work, 15 % welding/fabrication and 15% CNC programming/setup work. A proficiency in CAD / CAM in either SolidWorks, MasterCam, SurfCam or Autodesk Fusion 360. Experience with converting sketches into cad drawing and solid files. CAM /programming G and M code and CNC setup on Fanuc based 3 axis CNC mills and 2 axis CNC lathe. Fabrication experience with press, brake shears, slip rolls, TIG, MIG, Oxy-Acetylene welding and silver soldering. Experience in wood shop tools such as table saw, jig saw, router and band saw for making Acrylic and Delron parts.
Responsibilities
Designs and makes unique and highly specialized parts and devices for research and development departments by discussing the design needs with the person making the request and then applying journeyman machinist skills to produce the requested part or device. Makes specialized repair parts, rebuilds shafts, bearings and valves, by first dismantling machinery to discover the required maintenance, and then by performing the required machine work. Places the machinery back into service. Designs and makes special tools requested by maintenance departments by using machinist skills to determine the best design, proper materials and fabrication techniques necessary to ensure tools will work for their intended purpose. Performs specialty metalizing work by using specific equipment and techniques in rebuilding worn metal surfaces on shafts, valves and other metal parts subject to wear. By machining these parts back to normal shapes and tolerances, ensures continued use of original parts at lower costs than buying new parts. Orders parts for equipment repairs when more than machinery work is required to make equipment operable. May occasionally perform welding or silver soldering tasks.
Minimum Qualifications
Technical school and/or 4 years journeyman machinist experience, or equivalent education and experience; plus positive customer service skills required.
Preferences
Prefer a picture portfolio of manufacturing related projects or related machining and welding projects if possible in addition to resume.
Type Benefited Staff
Special Instructions Summary
Additional Information
The University of Utah is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer and is committed to diversity in its workforce. In compliance with applicable federal and state laws, University of Utah policy of equal employment opportunity prohibits discrimination on the basis of race or ethnicity, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, veteran’s status, status as a qualified person with a disability, or genetic information. Individuals from historically underrepresented groups, such as minorities, women, qualified persons with disabilities, and protected veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Veterans’ preference is extended to qualified applicants, upon request and consistent with University policy and Utah state law.


Go to apply 

