Job Title = Machinist

For over 125 years, OPW has led the way in designing and manufacturing world-class retail fueling, fluid handling and car wash system solutions for the safe and efficient handling and distribution of fuels and critical fluids. OPW makes above ground and below ground products for both conventional, vapor recovery and clean energy applications in the retail and commercial markets. Additionally, OPW supplies loading arms, valves and dry-break couplings, tank truck equipment, rail car valves and equipment, and car wash systems. OPW has manufacturing operations in North America, Europe, Latin America and Asia Pacific, with sales offices around the world. OPW is part of the Dover Corporation, which is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange under “DOV”. To learn more about OPW’s 125 years of providing industry-leading solutions, visit our website at

Dover is a diversified global manufacturer with annual revenues exceeding $7 billion. We deliver innovative equipment and components, specialty systems and support services through four major operating segments: Energy, Engineered Systems, Fluids, and Refrigeration & Food Equipment. Dover combines global scale with operational agility to lead the markets we serve. Recognized for our entrepreneurial approach for over 60 years, our team of over 29,000 employees takes an ownership mindset, collaborating with customers to redefine what’s possible. Headquartered in Downers Grove, Illinois, Dover trades on the New York Stock Exchange under “DOV.” Additional information is available at
Machinist level II:

Position requires the ability to:

Operate CNC lathes and mills
Pwer up machines
D daily TPM
Zer out/Home machine
Change inserts and perfrm offset changes
Perform set ups in three cells
Change jaws
Change tols/touch off
Lad program
Run first piece and get QC apprval
Ability to read blue prints and inspect work completed
Meet productivity and quality requirements
Demonstrate strong mathematical skills
Demonstrate strong mechanical aptitude
Effectively teach level 1 machinist on operating machines and doing set ups

Essential Functions:

Work safely and without injury.
Machine operation involves loading and tending runs of parts, or performing one-step operations on individual parts.
Positions and secures tools in holding device, machine tables, chuck, centers, and fixtures.
Verifies conformance of machined work piece to specifications.
Reads blueprints, job orders, tooling instructions, and standard charts for such specifications as dimensions, tolerances, and tooling instructions.
Indexes turret and adjusts positions of tools at each station in relation to work piece to assure clearance between moving parts and machining of specified dimensions and tolerances.
Selects, aligns, and secures holding fixtures, cutting tools, attachments, accessories, and material on machines such as mills, lathes, jig borers, grinders, and shapers.
Starts and observes machine operation to detect malfunctions or out-of-tolerance machining, and adjusts machine controls or control media as required.
May operate welding equipment to weld parts.
Pressure test parts according to drawing or work procedure.
Performs housekeeping duties including 5S, coolant replacement, and TPM.
Must be able to make corrections to offsets to maintain quality.
Must be able to perform simple inspection using calipers, micrometers, and other miscellaneous gages.
May run one or more of the above mentioned machines.
May compute data such as dimensions, rotation speeds, feed rates and machining times stored within cell.
May develop set up sheets.
Sets up and operates machine on trial run to verify accuracy of machine setting or programmed control data.
Pressure tests parts according to print or work procedure.
Confers with engineers and production personal to resolve machining problems.
Reorders raw material for Kanban safety stocks.
Performs basic Oracle transactions as required.
May rotate into other positions within the team as required to meet production requirements.
Responsible for prompt and regular attendance as scheduled.
Implements the Quality Policy and Procedures in all aspects of daily duties and responsibilities.

May participate in defining strategies to meet quality objectives and in system reviews within the team.
Participates in team meetings as required (safety, problem solving, etc.).
Problem-solves individually or as part of a group as job duties require.
May be required to work overtime.
Must be capable of setting up machines with 2-4 different machine controllers.

Required Education and/or Experience:

High school diploma or GED.
Two or more years machining experience or equivalent technical education.
Required Qualifications:

Must possess proficient reading, writing, and computation skills.
Must have a well-rounded knowledge of fabrication and assembly techniques, tools and equipment, materials and shop equipment.
Must know the working qualities of a wide variety of materials including aluminum, steel, copper, brass and other metals and plastics.
Must possess good mechanical aptitude demonstrated as success in previous machine operation or like activities.
Must possess good manual dexterity and hand-eye coordination.
Ability to teach other Midland employee’s
Ability to continuously improve and learn new skills.
Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced environment.
Ability to work under general supervision.
Ability to work collaboratively and maintain effective working relationships with co-workers.
Ability to effectively problem-solve.
Good communication, interpersonal and customer service skills.

Language and Mathematical Skills

Ability to read, write, verbalize and comprehend instructions and correspondence at the highest levels in the English language. Ability to effectively present information in one-on-one and group situations to customers, clients, and other team members. Conflict resolution skills. Excellent interpersonal skills. Excellent verbal and customer service skills. Must have basic computation skills equivalent to education requirement. Higher skills may be required depending on actual job duties.

Physical and Visual Activities:

Standing, walking, sitting, lifting, carrying, balancing, stooping, reaching, handling, feeling, talking, hearing, acuity-far, acuity-near, depth perception and field of vision.

Physical Demands:

While performing the duties of this job, the team member is continuously standing, repetitively grasping and repetitively using fine manipulation with the hands. The team member may be frequently required to walk, bend, squat, or twist as well as repetitively push or pull. The team member must lift 10-20 pounds frequently and up to 50 pounds occasionally.

Environment/Atmospheric Conditions:

This position is performed in a shop environment. Team members in this position may be exposed to loud operating machinery, cold temperatures, chemicals and vapors. The team member may occasionally be required to work in an office environment.

Machines, Tools Equipment, Software:

Bench-type or floor-mounted machines (e.g. drill presses, grinders, broaches, screw machines, manual and CNC mills and lathes, saws, shrink-wrap machines, etc.) hand and power tools, measuring instruments, hoists, lifts, and lift trucks.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, age, genetic information, or any other factors prohibited by law.
This position may be located in: Americas : United States : Illinois : Skokie
Sub Division : Transportation
Job Requisition ID : 29958


Go to apply 

