Job Title = Machinist

System One is seeking Machine Operators for our client who is one of the World s Leading Manufacturers of Agricultural and Industrial Equipment. The position is located in New Holland, PA.
Pay Rate: $18.66 per hour
Hours: 3rd Shift - Sunday thru Thursday; 8pm - 6:30am or 10pm - 6:30am
** Applicants MUST have CNC experience **

Job Description:
The Machine Operator will set up and operate machinery to perform a variety of boring, turning, facing and similar machining operations on a normal range of castings, forgings and parts on various materials such as steel alloys, cast iron, brass and similar metals.
As a Machine Operator, you will operate a variety of semi-complex to complex machine tools such as a CNC lathe, semi-automatic chucker lathe, gear hobber, multi-spindle drill press, and other machines of similar or lesser complexity necessary to produce finished gears.
The Machine Operator will perform all required duties to set-up and operate semi-automatic bar, turret lathe, and chucking lathes to perform a variety of turning, boring, facing, reaming, chamfering, grooving and similar operations.
As a Machine Operator, you will also be responsible for setting up and operating NC lathe s to perform a normal range of turning, grooving, threading, facing, boring, reaming, drilling, burnishing, chamfering and multiple diameter operations.
Additionally, the Machine Operator will operate and set up an NC machining center to perform a normal range of boring, chamfering, grooving, milling, facing, drilling and tapping, of multiple diameter operations on a variety of parts and make dry-run of tapes on new parts.
Responsibilities of the Machine Operator includes, sequence scheduling, operation and normal maintenance of heat treating, finishing and related equipment such as furnaces used to harden tool steel, all induction units, and vibratory or barrel finishing units, as well as other types of equipment.
The Machine Operator will also set-up and operate a sprocket machining cell, which combines a borematic, chucker lathe, numerical control lathe, punch press, automatic welding, broaching machine and a hobbing machine; to produce a variety of finished sprockets and weld assemblies from rough stock. This also includes, operating a robot to load and unload sprockets to the hobbing machine and numerical control lathe.
The Machine Operator will work from blueprints, specifications and verbal instructions.
Machine Operators are responsible for inspecting parts, SPC, TPM, teamwork, accuracy, inventory control duties (as required), total quality, employee involvement, and cost reductions.
Education Requirements:
High School Diploma or GED
Qualified applicants are asked to apply in person at the System One office,1525 Oregon Pike, Suite 1502, Lancaster, PA. We accept applications, Mon-Fri, 8:00am to 5:00pm. Applicants that are not available to attend in person may submit resumes via this posting.


Go to apply 

