Job Title = Farm Technician

Position Summary:

Responsible for bleeding, caring for and maintaining the sheep herd. Maintains related farm property, equipment and facilities.
Key Responsibilities:
Arrive to work on time, work during scheduled work hours and work additional hours as needed.
Feed animals daily and provide care as needed.
Bleed animals as needed.
Set up equipment needed for bleeding.
Clean bleeding areas thoroughly.
Maintain accurate records.
Help with general farm upkeep of fence lines, drainage ditches and lawn.
Provide repairs of house and farms buildings.
Provide basic feed and upkeep for animals on a weekend rotation basis.
Assist coworkers with animals and minor electrical repairs as assigned or needed.
Maneuver animals into bleeding shoots.
Operate company vehicles and machinery such as tractors, truck and loader.
Check farm for safety and security purposes as needed.
Sweep and mop floors of bleeding room.
Provide plumbing repairs to water feed system.
Use hand-held machinery, such as grinder, drill and weed eater for routine farm upkeep.
Listen to and follow written and verbal instructions given in the English language.
Report any actual or potential safety hazards to the Supervisor, Human Resources, Safety Specialist or Senior Management.
In addition, performs other duties as assigned as the business need warrants.

Minimum Requirements/Qualifications:
Must have a high school degree or equivalent from an accredited institution.
Possess technical training or at least 2 years related farm experience and mechanical experience or an equivalent combination of education, experience, and/or licensure/certification.

Non-Negotiable Hiring Criteria:

Must have a high school degree or equivalent from an accredited institution.
Must be able to communicate, both written and verbally, using the English language.
Must be able to comprehend and follow both written and/or verbal English communications.

This position has not been approved for Relocation Assistance.


Apply now

