Job Title = Machinist

Organization: Gas and Power
Business Unit: Service Distributed Generation and Oil & Gas
Requisition Number: 245768
Primary Location: United States-Pennsylvania-Horsham
Assignment Category: Full-time regular
Experience Level: Mid level
Education Required Level: High School Diploma / (GED)
Travel Required: No

Job Description:

Can you help us shape the future? We're looking for dedicated Machinist with the skills and vision to build a better tomorrow.
Join our manufacturing team as a Machinist to help us provide quality products that make a difference. As a Machinist you will be setting up and operating six different milling machines or similar machines to perform various milling, drilling, tapping, boring, facing, turning, etc., working both new and used component parts for compressors and turbines. You will be working at our Horsham, PA facility on either 1st or 2nd shift where good attendance and strong work ethics are highly regarded.
What are your responsibilities?
Setup and operate a manual or CNC lathe, mill, jig bore, etc. to do a variety of close tolerance machining.
Produce parts from prints, samples, sketches or drawings and check work, using standard and/or special gauging devices. All work must conform to highest quality standards.
Install and adjusting tools, set feeds and speeds, install fixtures, blocks, shims, and clamping devices.
Load and unload parts with jib hoist, following established company procedures for loading and unloading parts and materials.
Oil and grease machine as required. Clean machine at regular intervals.
Conform to all safety procedures and policies
Adhere to all company policies set forth in terms of safety, quality, harassment, mutual respect, etc.
What will you need to qualify for this role?
High school diploma or Equivalent, any technical school education in machining is a plus
2 years of experience in the setup and operation of manual and/or CNC milling or turning machines, horizontal boring mills for heavy metal removal on medium to large parts and to produce component parts and assemblies.
Physical Requirements: Must be able to lift a minimum of 25 pounds on a regular basis throughout the day.
Basic computer skills
Our day shift work hours are from 6:00 am – 2:30 pm and 2nd shift hours are from 2:30 pm – 11:00 pm respectively.
Qualified Applicants must be legally authorized for employment in the United States. Qualified Applicants will not require employer sponsored work authorization now or in the future for employment in the United States.


Go to apply 

