Job Title = Machinist

WIKA Instrument LP
WIKA Instrument LP is looking for a CNC Operator (3rd Shift) preferably Manual Experience working with Metals
We are looking for a CNC Operator (DIRECT HIRE) who will deliver smooth production operation during their shift.

Are you the right candidate?

Do you have the skills to operate all functions of a CNC machine and are you ready to work for a world market leader in pressure, temperature, and level measurement instrumentation?

We have an amazing opportunity for you...

As a privately held company for more than 60 years, WIKA stands for tradition, continuity, sustainability and community. Working at WIKA means: reliability, belonging to a team, and professional development. It also means benefiting from the many advantages of working for a large company, one which values its staff, their families and their future.

BASIC PURPOSE:
Operation and set up CNC equipment.

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:

Observes machine operation to verify accuracy of machine settings and to detect malfunctions or out-of-tolerance machining, using precision measuring instruments such as micrometer and caliper.

Adjust machine to control part process.

Inspects first part, consults with quality assurance, and inspect work pieces throughout the production run, for out of tolerance machining

Post edits CNC program to fine tune process for optimum performance

Clean and maintains machine, tooling, and parts to maintain equipment in optimal production condition.(PM)Exercises special care to ensure the machine is running correctly as damage to a machine may be costly.

RESPONSIBILITIES AND ADDITIONAL DUTIES:
See above and below

Other duties as assigned.

Assist mechanics and machinists in repair work.

JOB SPECIFICATIONS/PERSONAL QUALIFICATIONS:

Experienced with CNC machines- DMG Mori Seiki, Mazak, Okuma, Haas

2-4 years previous experience required

Basic reading, writing, and arithmetic skills required. This is normally acquired through a high school diploma or equivalent.

Manual dexterity required for operating machinery and computers.

Ability to lift up to 50 pounds required.

Capable of handling material above 50 lb. with the assistance of hand trucks, lifts, conveyors and hoists.

The ability to stand for long periods up to eight or more hours at a time.

Able to work in noisy environment.

Good eyesight (eyesight correction acceptable).

Be able to work overtime if required.(including weekends)

Machinery operation requires the use of safety equipment to include but not limited to; eye safety glasses, hearing protectors, work boots. (PPE)


Go to apply 

