Job Title = Machinist

This position is a CNC machinist. This person will be responsible for the production of parts in a job shop. They will be working with vertical mills. They will have to do 3-5 setups/change overs a day. Day to day they will need to know how to read a blueprint, go get the material that they need to make the part, and produce the part. This person is going to need to know how to do first article inspection on their parts and will be responsible for using quality tools (mics, cals, gauges) in order to do so. They need to be able to hold a tolerance of +/- .001. They will be working on vertical mill machining centers.

Location: South Bend, IN
Pay:$15- $19/hr
Shift: 3rd shift: 9:30pm to 6am but will train on days for a little bit

About Aerotek:
We know that a company's success starts with its employees. We also know that an individual's success starts with the right career opportunity. As a Best of Staffing Client and Talent leader, Aerotek's people-focused approach yields competitive advantage for our clients and rewarding careers for our contract employees. Since 1983, Aerotek has grown to become a leader in recruiting and staffing services. With more than 250 non-franchised offices, Aerotek's 8,000 internal employees serve more than 300,000 contract employees and 18,000 clients every year. Aerotek is an Allegis Group company, the global leader in talent solutions. Learn more at Aerotek.com.

The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.

If you would like to request a reasonable accommodation, such as the modification or adjustment of the job application process or interviewing process due to a disability, please call 888 or email accommodation@aerotek .com for other accommodation options. However, if you have questions about this position, please contact the Recruiter located at the bottom of the job posting. The Recruiter is the sole point of contact for questions about this position.


Go to apply 

