Job Title = Machinist

Machinist

MacGregor shapes the offshore and marine industries by offering world-leading engineering solutions and services with a strong portfolio of MacGregor, Hatlapa, Porsgrunn, Pusnes and Triplex brands. Shipbuilders, owners and operators are able to optimise the lifetime profitability, safety, reliability and environmental sustainability of their operations by working in close cooperation with us.

Making your next move count
Maintain, repair and service customer production equipment and systems. Main tasks and responsibilities
Machine parts to specifications, using machine tools, such as manual and CNC lathes, milling machines, shapers, or grinders to manufacture costume pins,bushing,and new parts
Study sample parts, blueprints, drawings, or engineering information to determine methods or sequences of operations needed to fabricate products
Measure dimensions of completed products or workpieces to verify conformance to specification What you'll need to succeed:
Ability to fabricate and modify parts to make or repair machine tools or maintain industrial machines, applying knowledge of mechanics, mathematics, metal properties, layout, and machining procedures
Highly proficient operating manual lathes, CNC lathe machine and milling equipment
Ability to read and understand blue prints and schematics
Ability to calculate dimensions of workpieces, products, or equipment in metrics and calculate dimensions or tolerances, using instruments such as micrometers or vernier calipers
Ability to work overtime as required You will be part of:
We offer a supportive, challenging and diverse working environment with competitive compensation and fantastic best-in-class benefits packages, including 401(k), medical, dental, vision and life insurance plans with paid vacation and nine paid holidays. Interested to join
For further information please contact Lori Pheigaru, HR Specialist, Recruitment at .
MacGregor is part of Cargotec
MacGregor shapes the offshore and marine industries by offering world-leading engineering solutions and services with a strong portfolio of MacGregor, Hatlapa, Porsgrunn, Pusnes and Triplex brands. Shipbuilders, owners and operators are able to optimise the lifetime profitability, safety, reliability and environmental sustainability of their operations by working in close cooperation with MacGregor.

MacGregor solutions and services for handling marine cargoes, vessel operations, offshore loads,crude/LNG transfer and offshore mooring are all designed to perform with the sea.
MacGregor is part of Cargotec Corporation. Cargotec's sales in 2017 totalled approximately EUR 3.3 billion and it employs over 11,000 people.
If you are experiencing technical difficulty navigating through the career page, please contact us on . We will do our best to assist you. Please note, we do not accept job applications at this email address.


Go to apply 

