Job Title = Engineer

Engineer Devizes £35,500 (paid weekly) 4 on 4 off rotating shifts days & nights 20 days holiday Group Pension (including employer contributions) First class training, fast moving environment & excellent career progression prospects Desserts Devizes is part of Bakkavor Group plc, the leading provider of fresh prepared food in the UK, with a growing international presence in the US and China.
In the UK, Bakkavor has 25 factories which are grouped into four core sectors: Meals, Pizza & Bread, Salads and Desserts.
Bakkavor Desserts is based in Devizes, Wiltshire and specialises in making chilled desserts such as tarts, yum yums, doughnuts, pies and pastries.
The site employs over 550 people and is one of three factories that are part of the Bakkavor Desserts sector in the UK.
Bakkavor Desserts Devizes is looking to recruit an Engineer - Maintenance Technician to work as part of a team to improve the operation of our plant through re-active maintenance using effective fault-finding techniques on electrical and mechanical equipment.
You will take ownership of some areas, owning and reviewing planned maintenance routines and liaising with operations to continually improve this area.
Accountabilities: To ensure all maintenance requests and requirements of the PM system are completed in a timely and effective manner.
To ensure that optimum performance is maintained and appropriate cost-effective spare parts are identified and held.
To comply with and promote all company policies and procedures pertinent to Health & Safety and Product Safety, Legality and Quality.
To assist in implementing initiatives for continuous improvement to ensure optimum operational and profit performance.
To assist with contractors on site to ensure full compliance with H&S and Product Safety, Quality and Legality requirements.
To undertake engineering works according to priority taking into account both operational and safety / legal requirements.
To ensure all documentation pertinent to safety, quality, legality and operations is correctly and accurately completed.
To liaise with suppliers to identify and resolve engineering corrective actions.
Person Specification: Experience and documented competence in mechanical and electrical engineering, normally as part of a time served apprenticeship.
Engineering experience in a fast pace manufacturing environment.
Effective written and verbal communication skills Good knowledge of the food industry / pharmaceutical / automotive or similar equipment Innovation an excellent problem-solving ability Flexible and self-motivated This is a Maintenance Technician role sat as part of the Engineering team


Go to apply 

