Job Title = Engineer

An Engineer is responsible for maintaining the physical functionality and safety of the facility in the hotel's continuing effort to deliver outstanding guest service and financial profitability.
What will I be doing?
As an Engineer, you would be responsible for maintaining the physical functionality and safety of the facility in the hotel's continuing effort to deliver outstanding guest service and financial profitability. Specifically, you would be responsible for performing the following tasks to the highest standards:
Maintain the physical functionality and safety of the facility including, but not limited to, guest rooms, public space and heart-of-the-house areas
Respond to guest calls and team member work orders in a timely, friendly and efficient manner to assess and repair non-functioning machinery and/or equipment
Perform a variety of repair and maintenance tasks including, but not limited to carpentry, plumbing, electrical work, painting, HVAC work and masonry
Conduct inspections for preventive maintenance needs
Record and report completed repairs and items that require further attention
What are we looking for?
Since being founded in 1919, Hilton has been a leader in the hospitality industry. Today, Hilton remains a beacon of innovation, quality, and success. This continued leadership is the result of our Team Members staying true to our Vision, Mission, and Values. Specifically, we look for demonstration of these Values:
Hospitality - We're passionate about delivering exceptional guest experiences.
Integrity - We do the right thing, all the time.
Leadership - We're leaders in our industry and in our communities.
Teamwork - We're team players in everything we do.
Ownership - We're the owners of our actions and decisions.
Now - We operate with a sense of urgency and discipline
In addition, we look for the demonstration of the following key attributes:
Quality
Productivity
Dependability
Customer Focus
Adaptability
Minimum six months hotel cleaning or maintenance experience required. Must be available for rotating shifts, weekends are required both Saturday and Sunday. Must be able to communicate effectively in English over a two-way radio.


Go to apply 

