Job Title = Engineer

Description

The Sheraton Oklahoma City Downtown is a landmark location in hospitality. Operated by Crescent Hotels and Resorts, who is the leader in hospitality management, this property seeks upbeat individuals who love customer service and hospitality. Crescent offers exceptional benefits and career path's and is a company which consistently is rated a one of the best companies to work for.Job Overview: Perform general maintenance work to ensure hotel maintenance quality standards are achieved and maintained.

Reports to: Chief Engineer

Essential job functions:

1. Assist with preventative maintenance and complete report work orders such as replacing ceiling tiles, light bulbs, patching vinyl, etc., to maintain the hotel and keep the product quality standard.

2. Perform preventative maintenance assignments on a scheduled basis (e.g., "room care").

3. Assist in checking electrical systems such as air conditioning controls, television sets, lighting systems, and make minor repairs and/or replacement.

4. Assist in checking and making routine repairs and assist on major repairs of all hotel equipment including small appliances, kitchen equipment, laundry equipment, boilers, pool equipment, HVAC, hand and power tools and general plumbing systems and fixtures such as pipe lines, toilets and sinks, kitchen and laundry equipment.

5. Service the hotel's pool, including adjusting chemicals and cleaning filters; completing maintenance request forms and record logs.

6. Maintain the building exterior and "curb appeal" (e.g., snow removal, lawn care, painting, gardening).

7. Refurbish furniture and fixtures within guest rooms such as cabinets, tables, chairs, doors windows and counters. Paint and finish furniture and fixtures if needed.

8. Respond in a courteous manner to all guest questions, complaints, and/or requests to ensure strong guest satisfaction.

9. Operation of heavy machinery.

10. Comply with attendance rules and be available to work on a regular basis.

11. Perform any other job related duties as assigned.

Minimum Qualifications:

THIS IS A VARIABLE, WILL INCLUDE DAYS AND NIGHT SHIFTS along with weekends and holidays.

Must have the ability to communicate in English, can communicate well with guests

Comprehensive knowledge of machinery and electrical systems

Positive, energetic personality, willingness to learn and commitment to support and advance the image and reputation of the hotel.

At least 1 year maintenance or engineering experience, preferably in a full service hotel establishment.

Additional Qualifications:

Strong interpersonal verbal communication skills

HVAC/Heating and Cooling experience

High school diploma or equivalent

Physical Demands:

Exposure to extreme temperatures

Ability to push and/or pull equipment weighing up to 100 lbs

Able to stand for long periods of time, reach above head level, bend, stoop, twist and lift.

Constant mobility, climbing, walking, bending, etc.

These physical demands are representative of the physical requirements necessary for an associate to successfully preform the essential functions of the job. Reasonable accommodation can be made to enable people with disabilities to perform the described essential functions of the job.
SDL2017


Go to apply 

