Job Title = Machinist

Are you looking for a growing company? A career at Pentair could be just what you are looking for! Located in New Brighton, MN, our site is temperature controlled, creating a comfortable work environment - especially during the hot summer months and cold winters. Pentair offers a comprehensive benefit package to all our employees, including 10 paid holidays and 2 weeks of paid vacation. At Pentair, we value continuous learning. We will support anyone that plans on continuing their education through our tuition assistance program and flexible work schedules that can accommodate attending school. Our employees have the opportunity to save money on various services and products for personal use through discounts on automobiles, computers, travel, and much more! Lastly, we are less than 20 minutes away from our headquarters in Minnesota so there are many opportunities to learn and grow with the company!
Overall Position Focus:
The Machine Operator is responsible for maintaining production and quality on all the production machines in the machine shop. This person is also responsible for writing and updating set-up procedures.
Primary Duties and Responsibilities:
Must be able to instruct machine operators of a lower classification. Communicate clearly.
Must be able to make set-ups in a predetermined amount of time on all equipment, including CNC with no supervision.
Must have good knowledge of all aspects of production machining.
Must be able to diagnosis problems on machining and tooling.
Must be consistent in following standard work instructions and properly machine products as defined by standard work.
Must be able to show leadership on writing set-up procedures and the importance of using these documents when making a set-up.
Must be enthusiastic, a self-starter and be able to work with minimal amount of supervision. Someone that takes the initiative and gets the job done. Must be friendly and approachable. Communicate clearly to achieve production goals.
Recognize problems, offers ideas and shows leadership for improvement.
Must show leadership in safety and health programs. Practice safe work habits to keep accidents from happening.
Must keep their work area clean and orderly.
Must maintain a high level of quality of parts machined.
Responsible for meeting production standards and achieve daily requirements.
Responsible for upkeep on their machines (oiling, chip removal, tooling, etc.).
Must be knowledgeable on CNC programs and modify CNC programs as needed.
Job/technical skills, personal and organizational skills, human relations skills, problem solving skills, self-motivational, safety and customer satisfaction skills are required.
Continuously refine skills and improve the quality of the work output. Work as a team member to help achieve department goals.
All other duties that are asked by management to be done for the best interest of the company, its customers and its employees.
Direction of others:
Yes
Education and Experience:
Typically requires an Applied Science degree in Machine Tool Technology or equivalent and three years of directly related work experience.
Physical Demands/Work Environment
Physical requirements are standing, walking, lifting and lowering weights up to 50 pounds.
This job description in no way states or implies that these are the only duties to be performed by the employee(s) incumbent in this position. Employee(s) will be required to follow any other job-related instructions and to perform any other job-related duties requested by any person authorized to give instructions or assignments.
A review of this position has excluded the marginal functions of the position that are incidental to the performance of fundamental job duties. All duties and responsibilities are essential job functions and requirements and are subject to possible modification to reasonably accommodate individuals with disabilities. To perform this job successfully, the incumbent(s) will possess the skills, aptitudes, and abilities to perform each duty proficiently. Some requirements may exclude individuals who pose a direct threat or significant risk to the health or safety of themselves or others. The requirements listed in this document are the minimum levels of knowledge, skills, or abilities.
This document does not create an employment contract, implied or otherwise, other than an "at will" relationship.
Diversity and Inclusion:
With our expanding global presence, cross-cultural insight and competence are essential for our ongoing success. We believe that a diverse workforce contributes different perspectives and creative ideas that enable us to continue to improve every day. Race, gender, ethnicity, country of origin, age, personal style, sexual orientation, physical ability, religion, life experiences and many more factors contribute to this diversity.
We take ongoing action to improve the diversity of our workforce by:

Ensuring leadership involvement and ownership

Attracting and retaining diverse talent at all levels

Fostering a globally aware, inclusive culture

Ensuring our practices are fair and non-discriminatory
At Pentair, we believe the health of our world depends on reliable access to clean water. We deliver a comprehensive range of smart, sustainable water solutions to homes, business and industry around the world. Our industry leading and proven portfolio of solutions enables people, business and industry to access clean, safe water, reduce water consumption, and recover and reuse it. We help ensure water is clean when returned to the environment. Whether its for fitness and fun, healthier homes, better flood control, safer sky rises, more sustainable ways to farm, or safe drinking water for those who need it most, we wont stop until the worlds water is managed the best way possible.
From approximately 130 locations in 34 countries, Pentairs 10,000 employees are united in our unwavering belief that the future of water depends on us. Our 2018 revenue was $3.0 billion, and we trade under the ticker symbol PNR.


Go to apply 

