Job Title = Machinist

Machinist
Description
L3Harris is dedicated to recruiting and developing diverse, high-performing talent who are passionate about what they do. Our employees are unified in a shared dedication to our customers mission and quest for professional growth. L3Harris provides an inclusive, engaging environment designed to empower employees and promote work-life success. Fundamental to our culture is an unwavering focus on values, dedication to our communities, and commitment to excellence in everything we do.
About L3Harris Technologies
L3Harris Technologies is an agile global aerospace and defense technology innovator, delivering end-to-end solutions that meet customers mission-critical needs. The company provides advanced defense and commercial technologies across air, land, sea, space and cyber domains. L3Harris has approximately $17 billion in annual revenue, 50,000 employees and customers in more than 130 countries. L3Harris.com
We are searching for a dynamic Machinist to join our team in Goleta, CA.
Key Responsibilities:

Setting up and operating manual lathes, mills, saws and all standard shop equipment.

Machining titanium, aluminum, plastics, steel and other materials to engineering drawings

Measuring parts using standard machine shop measuring tools
Qualifications
Position Requirements:

High school diploma. AA Degree preferred

5 10 years machining experience in an aerospace manufacturing environment preferred

5 years of experience with CNC lathe, milling machines

Ability to read, write and interpret written instructions, blueprints, shop drawings and engineering specifications

CAD/CAM experience on HAAS equipment

Surfcam or Mastercam skills a plus

Tool/Mold maker, prototype and Setup experience preferred

Excels in a team environment; applies teamwork attitude, integrity and work ethics

DoD Security clearance preferred
L3 HarrisTechnologies is proud to be an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer.L3Harris is committed to treating all employees and applicants for employmentwith respect and dignity and maintaining a workplace that is free from unlawfuldiscrimination. All applicants will be considered for employment without regardto race, color, religion, age, national origin, ancestry, ethnicity, gender (includingpregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding or other related medical conditions),gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, veteranstatus, disability, genetic information, citizenship status, characteristic ormembership in any other group protected by federal, state or local laws.L3Harris maintains a drug-free workplace and performs pre-employment substanceabuse testing and background checks, where permitted by law.
Job Machining
Primary Location USA-California-Goleta
US Security Clearance Required: Secret
Schedule: Full-time
Shift: Day - 1st
Travel: No
Organization: Division - Mari Pro, Inc.-20000058
Job Level: Individual Contributor
Job Posting: Aug 6, 2019, 11:12:14 AM
Req ID: 109941


Go to apply 

