Job Title = Machinist

Description:
At Ingersoll Rand we are passionate about inspiring progress around the world. We advance the quality of life by creating comfortable, sustainable and efficient environments. Our people and our family of brandsincludingClub Car,Ingersoll Rand,Thermo King,Trane,American Standard Heating & Air ConditioningandARO-work together to enhance the quality and comfort of air in homes and buildings; transport and protect food and perishables; and increase industrial productivity and efficiency. We are a global business committed to a world of sustainable progress and enduring results. For more information, visitwww.ingersollrand.com.
Ingersoll Rand is a diverse and inclusive environment. We are an equal opportunity employer, dedicated to hiring a diverse workforce; including individuals with disabilities and United States qualified protected veterans.
Responsibilities:
Uses blueprints, sketches, drawings, and/or job instruction sheets to produce dimensions and tolerances of finished work-piece and setup requirements.
Cutting tools, attachments, accessories, and materials on machines such as mills, lathes, grinders, machining centers, drill presses, and drill machines.
Enters commands to retrieve, input, or edit computerized machine control media.
Starts and observes machine operation to detect malfunctions or out-of-tolerance machining, and adjusts machine controls or control media as required.
Verifies conformance of finished parts to specifications.
Reworks parts that don't meet specifications.
Qualifications:
Apprenticeship or Journeyman Cert preferred
1 year machining experience preferred
Maintains department in a clean and orderly manner.
Suggests ideas for overall improvements to the area processes
Ability to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, blueprints, gages, memos, and procedure manuals.
Ability to effectively share information about job duties in one-on-one and small group situations to supervisor, customers, clients, and other employees of the organization.
Ability to add and subtract two digit numbers and to multiply and divide with 10's and 100's.
Ability to perform these operations using all units of measure.
Ability to calculate figures and amounts, such as proportions and percentages.
Ability to apply concepts such as fractions, percentages, ratios, and proportions to practical situations.
Ability to understanding and carry out detailed written or oral instructions.
Ability to deal with problems involving several variables in standardized situations.
We are committed to helping you reach your professional, personal and financial goals. We offer competitive compensation that aligns with our business strategies and comprehensive benefits to help you live your healthiest. We are committed to building an inclusive and diverse culture that engages as well as values the different backgrounds and experiences of our employee, which, in turn, spurs innovation, generates creative solutions and enhances our customer relations.
If you share our passion for inspiring progressfor bringing about bold shifts in how people, economies and societies operatethen you belong with Ingersoll Rand. Progress begins with you.
Primary Location: DAVIDSON-North Carolina
Job: Global Integrated Supply Chain
Schedule: Full-time
Shift: Day Job
Status: Regular
Type: Experienced
Posting: Apr 24, 2019, 12:39:50 PM
Ingersoll Rand is a diverse and inclusive environment. We are an equal opportunity employer and are dedicated to hiring qualified protected veterans and individuals with disabilities.


Go to apply 

