Job Title = Machinist

493BR
Title:
Machinist
Location:
Livermore, CA
Job Summary:
Performs a variety of duties in collaboration with mechanical engineers, technologists, and computer numerical control (CNC) programmers in the manufacture and machining of machine shop tools, dies, jigs, fixtures, mechanical engineering fabrications, prototypes, piece parts, production piece parts assemblies, and components. Performs skilled machining and fabrication tasks using a variety of machines and tools, analyzes data, and recommends modifications to meet desired specifications.
Job Number:
493BR
Knowledge, Skills, Ability:
Designs and develops industrial machinery and equipment and machine attachments required for production or experimental use, considering such factors as accessibility, economy, mobility, and performance requirements. Performs skilled machining and fabrication tasks using a variety of machines and tools to machine, fabricate, construct, and modify machine shop tools, dies, jigs, fixtures, one-of-a-kind prototypes, and production piece parts. Consults with and advises engineers, CNC programmers, and tool designers on the development and modification of tools, parts, and components. Performs precision work to exacting tolerances and dimensions; recommends revisions in design or substitutions in material based on machinability, manufacturability, or fabrication problems encountered; and solves problems relating to unusual materials, work-holding arrangements, machine settings, fabrication methods, and production processes. Analyzes data and recommends modifications to components or test procedures to meet desired specifications, requirements, and design for manufacturability tenets. Lays out, fabricates, and assembles metalworking dies, molds, and machine tool fixtures by analyzing drawings, sketches, models, specifications, diagrams, and engineering or shop specifications. May use computer-aided design (CAD) and computer-aided manufacturing (CAM) programs to design piece parts and control machine function. Computes dimensions and determines machining and material or parts required. Checks work with a variety of precision instruments. May monitor and verify quality in accordance with statistical process or other control procedures
Job Family:
Manufacturing Production Operations
Company Overview:
AIS is actively seeking individuals who can contribute to national security within the science, technology, and engineering fields as part of our supplemental labor team at vital federal research and development installations supporting the Department of Energy. AIS has an established history of contributing to the success of their customer s mission. Available employment opportunities may range from administrative and logistical support to advanced technical positions.
AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER:
AIS is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Prospective employees will receive consideration without discrimination because of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other legally protected status. Those applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the application and/or interview process should notify the Human Resources Department
Minimum Qualifications (Required):
Skill and knowledge in mathematics, mechanics, or related technologies, such as machining, computer-aided design and manufacturing software, or metal forming techniques. Knowledge of and experience with installing, testing, repairing, and maintaining tools, machines, or equipment. Ability to read and understand written or verbal instructions, design definition, drawings, layouts, and other related specifications. Ability to understand and create CNC, CAD, and CAM programs. Knowledge of machining characteristics of materials and experience selecting materials.
Must be able to obtain and maintain a DOE Q Clearance.
Job Specifications:
Experienced in turning application, familiar with live tooling use.


Go to apply 

