Job Title = Technician

Role overview
Q. Who are we looking for?
A. A accredited/qualified Vehicle Technician who has had relevant full manufacturer training and dealership experience. You will be highly motivated and want to work as part of a team striving to create the Best Place to Shop for our customers
Q. What will you be doing on a daily basis?
A. You will be responsible for ensuring that all service, repair and maintenance work is completed on all vehicles. Every job must meet the required standards including the completion of any administrative processes
Q. What experience do you need?
A. You will require previous experience as a Motor Vehicle Technician and brand accreditation would be beneficial but not essential as brand training will be provided
Q. What training will you receive?
A. JCT600 will provide training that is designed to keep experienced Technicians up to speed with the latest Motor Industry technology. We will ensure that throughout your career with JCT600, you will continue to enhance your skills through internal and external training programs
Q. What qualifications do you need?
A. Level 3 IMI light vehicle maintenance or City and Guilds equivalent.It is essential that you have a valid driving licence which is free from excessive penalties
Q. Why join JCT600?
A. Working with 18 of the World’s most iconic brands across 51 locations, we are a privately owned company based in Yorkshire, Humber, Lincolnshire and Derbyshire areas. JCT600 is not just a business; we strive to be the Best Place to Work. Our moto is “we don’t want to be the biggest, just the best”. Our colleagues make JCT600 the Best Place to Work, so why not start your journey with us today!
Q. What’s in it for you?
A. Highly competitive salary along with a bonus scheme. The good news doesn’t just stop there! We also offer a huge range of other benefits; to view these please click on the link:
Q. What is it like working at JCT600?
A. Watch the video to see for yourself


Go to apply 

