Job Title = Machinist

Paradigm Precision specializes in the manufacturing of complex fabrication and precision machined components for gas turbine engines. We serve customers around the world in commercial and military aviation, power generation, the marine industry, rotary wing and unmanned aerial vehicles.

PURPOSE/ SUMMARY:
To perform all aspects necessary for the machining processes used in the manufacturing of Turbine Engine components.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Operate all Manual and CNC machines to perform completely and independently specific operations as outlined in the methods and process sheets.
Change, set and adjust tools as required
Load and delete programs in the computer.
Make minor adjustments of feeds and speeds on the assigned machine.
Grind own cutting tools and drills (other than special purpose tools).
Check parts using specified gages or check parts using furnished fixtures to see that dimensions are being maintained.
Have complete knowledge of the machinability of metals.
Report improper machine function and/or check parts not being held to the proper dimensions.
Able to use machinists hand tools and precision measuring instruments.
Demonstrate a good mechanical aptitude.
Other duties may be assigned as necessary.

SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES:
The job has no supervisory responsibilities; however, the employee under the supervision of the Master Machinist will assist with the training of other employees.

QUALIFICATIONS:
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE:
High School Diploma or equivalent and a minimum of three (3) years of related experience.

LANGUAGE SKILLS:
Ability to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, procedure manuals and blueprints.
Ability to write routine reports and correspondence.
Ability to speak effectively before employees in the organization.

MATHEMATICAL SKILLS:
Ability to add, subtract, multiply and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions and decimals.
Have the knowledge of and/or the ability to learn shop geometry and trigonometry.

REASONING ABILITY:
Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram forms.
Ability to deal with problems involving several concrete variables in standardized situations.

WORK ENVIRONMENT:
The characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly exposed to moving mechanical parts, electrical equipment, acetone, alcohol, argon, braze alloys, nitrogen, hydrogen, oil based lubricants and cleaning solutions
The employee is occasionally exposed to moderate cold and extreme heat.
The noise level in the work environment is usually middling.

PHYSICAL DEMANDS:
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to use hands to finger, handle or feel.
Must be able to communicate verbally and have the ability to hear.
The employee frequently is required to stand, walk, reach with hands and arms, and stoop or crouch.
The employee is occasionally required to sit.
The employee must regularly lift and/or move up to thirty (30) pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to fifty (50) pounds.
Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS:
The above job description is not intended to be an all-inclusive list of duties and standards of the position. Incumbents will follow any other instructions, and perform any other related duties, as assigned by their supervisor

Paradigm Precision is an Equal Opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, ancestry, color, religion, sex, age, marital status, sexual orientation, national origin, medical condition, disability, veteran status, gender identity, or any other basis protected by law.

Principals Only Please


Go to apply 

