Job Title = Machinist

Machinist

Job ID:

190138

Location:

MD - Greenbelt Hvy Overhaul

Full/Part Time:

Full-Time

Posting Open-Close

08/20/2019

-

09/19/2019

Union

689

Regular/Temporary:

Regular

Return to Previous Page

Job Description

THIS JOB OPENING IS BEING USED TO FILL CURRENT AND FUTURE VACANT POSITIONS IN THIS CLASSIFICATION AT VARIOUS SHIFTS, LOCATIONS AND ASSIGNED DAYS OFF.

Minimum Qualifications:

Graduation from high school or possession of a high school equivalency certificate, and satisfactory completion of an acceptable vocational school and/or training program in basic machine shop repairs or a related field is required. Must satisfactorily pass both a written and practical examination with a minimum score of 70 to advance to the next level.

Considerable knowledge of and have performed satisfactorily the duties of a machinist or related field for a period of not less than two (2) years.

License:

Possession of a valid District of Columbia, Maryland or Virginia motor vehicle operator's license issued from jurisdiction of residence. Safe driving record with no more than four (4) points accumulated over the past three (3) years.

Medical Group:

Ability to complete satisfactorily the medical examination for this job.

Ability to perform strenuous physical tasks including frequent lifting of objects weighing up to 50 pounds and occasionally to 75 pounds.

Ability to distinguish basic colors for safety identification.

Job Summary/Duties:

This is precision metal fabrication and repair work. An employee in this job is responsible for the design and planning, layout, fabrication and repair of rapid transit vehicle components and parts. The work requires an understanding of machinist procedures and practices; mechanical, welding and metallurgical theory; precision measurement, set?up and operation of metal removing machines, and the parts, tools and equipment associated with metal fabrication of WMATA rail car parts.

Employees are assigned elementary machine shop work in a repair facility to gain familiarity with and acquire skills in repair and inspection of transit vehicles. All important aspects of the work are subject to detailed and specific procedures which the employee follows closely. Employees receive instruction and close supervision on new assignments, while regular assignments are performed independently. Work is normally reviewed and verified upon completion. Employee is supervised by a Rail Car Inspection or Shop Supervisor.

Performs metal fabrication, repairs, inspections, required adjustments, calibration, testing, cleaning, and scheduled maintenance on rail car equipment in accordance with blueprints, drawings, operation manuals, manufacturer's, industry and/or WMATA specifications and standards.

Maintains and calibrates various precision tools and gauges and portable, fixed and diagnostic test equipment to verify accuracy and compliance to industry standards.

Dismantles assemblies and removes defective parts, inspects used parts and mechanisms for changes in clearances, alignments, and tolerances, dimensional requirements, in accordance with manufacturer's, industry and/or WMATA specifications. Fabricates, fits and assembles parts and mechanisms and verifies correct clearances, alignments and tolerances using precision measuring instruments. May design or fabricate special jigs or fixtures.

Sets?up and operates machine tools; fits and assembles parts; fabricates, repairs, refurbishes and refinishes defective metal parts and structures applying the knowledge of mechanics, metal properties, layout, machining procedures and shop mathematics.

Sets?up and operates metal?removing machines (lathe, milling machine, shaper, borer, grinder) to machine parts to specification/tolerance. Verifies conformance of workpiece to specifications/tolerances using precision measuring instruments such as micrometers, dial indicators, calibrated rulers and venier calipers.

Performs the disassembly, replacement and overhaul of rail car wheel/axle assemblies and sub?assemblies; sets?up and operates wheel and axle shop speciality equipment (wheel lathe, wheel bore and wheel press); verifies and performs quality control checks for wheel trueness, bore dimensions, finish, interference and heat shrink fits in accordance with manufacturer's, industry and/or WMATA specifications and standards using precision measuring tools (dial indicators, calipers, veniers). Performs magnetic inspections using Magnaflux equipment to determine defects (surface cracks) in rail car axles.

Repairs, refurbishes, refinishes and fabricates parts and mechanisms on rail car body, propulsion control, fiction brake, coupler and draft gear, pneumatic and HVAC systems using various processes such as machining, honing or welding.

May develop specifications from general descriptions to draw/sketch or fabricate damaged or replacement parts; determines dimensions and tolerances of the piece to be machined; tools, materials and machines required; and sequence of operation to complete the work.

Measures, marks and scribes dimensions and reference points to lay out stock for machining. Verifies dimensions and alignments with precision measuring instruments, such as micrometers, height gauges and gauge blocks.

Positions and secures workpiece in holding devices such as vises, V?blocks and angle plates, special jigs or fixtures; uses hand tools such as files, scapers and wrenches to fit and assemble parts to components and mechanisms.

Maintains wheel and axle shop equipment, portable hydraulic equipment, gauging and calibration equipment and welding, cutting and heating equipment by performing scheduled maintenance. Cleans, lubricates, adjusts and aligns finishing equipment, lathes, mills, drill presses, saws and shears; balances, dresses and trues grinders; sharpens and shapes chisels, cutters and machine tools.

May perform flame cutting, arc or gas welding operations, brazing and soldering when required.

Lifts machined parts manually or with hoists.

Implements Engineering Modification Instructions (EMI's) and Maintenance Service Instructions (MSI's) to rail car mechanisms. Performs new component acceptance testing.

Completes required documentation and reports for the repair and maintenance of transit car equipment and related components by using the proper forms, tags or entering data into the Maintenance and Reliability System (MARS); requisitions parts from the supply room.

Attends on?the?job and formal training classes; assists mechanics in higher classifications in their assignments or provides job specific training to mechanics in lower classifications.

Responds to and provides assistance in emergencies which require movement of trains involved in incidents, accidents or derailments using rerail equipment.

Performs all tasks and assignments within the established safety practices and maintenance guidelines.

May operate Authority vehicles between work locations.

Works variable shifts, days and hours as required and as provided for under existing Union contract.

Performs all other related duties as required.

Evaluation Criteria:

Consideration will be given to applicants whose resumes demonstrate the required education and experience. Applicants should include all relevant education and work experience.

Evaluation criteria may include one or more of the following:

+ Personal Interview

+ Skills Assessments

+ Verification of education and experience

+ Criminal Background Check

+ Credit history report for positions with fiduciary responsibilities

+ Successful completion of a medical examination including a drug and alcohol screening

+ Review of a current Motor Vehicle Report

Closing:

Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority, a Federal contractor, is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, gender, gender identity, age, sexual orientation, genetic information, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran, or any other status protected by applicable federal law, except where a bona fide occupational qualification exists. Our hiring process is designed to be accessible and free from discrimination.

This posting is an announcement of a vacant position under recruitment. It is not intended to replace the official job description. Job Descriptions are available upon confirmation of an interview.


Go to apply 

