Job Title = Machinist

DEPARTMENT: Machine Manufacturing

LOCATION: Oak Ridge, TN

JOB TITLE: Machinist

Job Summary:

Works within a cellular environment to completely and independently setup, adjust, and operate a variety of precision machines, such as lathes, grinders, milling machines, boring machines, etc. to perform machining functions. Determine method and sequence of work operations. Assemble, fit, test, and check precision machined parts and assemblies to specified operational, test and quality requirements. Collaborate with customers, support organizations, and supervisor to solve design and/or developmental problems. Perform all tasks involved in the coordination, preparation and movement of materials for assigned area and receive, store and issue all materials and facilitate the correction of discrepancies according to processes and procedures.

Job Responsibilities:

Assembles, sets up, and operates machine to verify functioning, machine capabilities, and conformance to customers specifications.

Work with and interpret prints, sketches, diagrams, specifications, verbal information, handbook formulas, job layouts, etc., and use shop mathematics including trigonometry and descriptive geometry.

Utilize machine capacities and minimize the amount of machining and number of setups.

Use any and all required precision measuring instruments and methods necessary to complete and check own work assignment. Provide part quality information and statistics as required.

Select proper tools, fixtures, machine attachments, equipment, etc., necessary to complete work assignment. Detect faulty tools and take corrective action.

Monitor machining system operations including electrical/electronic and mechanical diagnostics and cutter, probe, and sensor data and make appropriate adjustments.

Operate any and all types of information systems required to perform assigned task.

Perform work described in other classifications when incidental but necessary to the accomplishment of the assignment.

Perform bench or hand work necessary to finish parts to required specifications.

Use hand and shop power tools.

Fits and assembles components according to assembly drawings, manuals, engineering memos, sketches, to construct, rebuild, and repair machines and equipment, using hand tools and power tools

Analyzes drawings and specifications manuals and plans machine building operations

Verifies conformance of parts to drawings and manufacturing plans using measuring instruments like calipers, gauges and micrometers

Aligns components for assembly, manually or with hoist, and bolts, screws, dowels, welds, or rivets parts together, using hand tools, rivet gun, and welding equipment, or arranges for assembly by welders or electrician

Verifies part finish and uses appropriate process to ensure drawing configuration

Verifies alignment and tolerances of moving parts using measuring instruments like dial indicators or thickness gauges

Verifies part functionality as required

Decision Making and Impact:

Has responsibility and authority to shut down and stop work anywhere that activities are not being conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements or management expectations.

This position does not officially supervise other employees or have high level authority or impact.

Competencies:

Business- Problem Solving

Leadership- Organizing

Interpersonal- Listening and Communication Skills

Personal Attributes- Ethics & Values

Professional- Technical/Computer Skills, Schematic Skills, Industry Knowledge, Time Management

Education and Experience Requirements:

High school diploma or equivalent

Minimum Qualifications:

U.S. Citizenship is required.

Three to five (3-5) years related machinist experience in an manufacturing environment

Preferred Qualifications:

Completion of an apprenticeship program or equivalent on the job training

Experienced in Esprit CAD/CAM software

CREO Manufacturing software experience

DOE Q-Clearance

"This position requires the successful candidate to obtain and maintain a Department of Energy (DOE) security clearance. Candidates for positions requiring a security clearance are required to be tested for the absence of any illegal drug as defined in 10 CFR 707.4 prior to an offer of employment being made. In addition, once employed, employees will become part of a random drug testing program and may also be tested in the event of any incident causing injury or causing damage to property, or if it is determined that there is a reasonable suspicion the employee is under the influence of drugs or alcohol. This position will require a preemployment background check on the part of the Company and in order to receive a DOE security clearance, a background investigation by the Federal government. Subsequent Federal government reinvestigations may be required"

This contractor and subcontractor shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR §§ 60-1.4(a), 60-300.5(a) and 60-741.5(a). These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. Moreover, these regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability.

Centrus Energy Corp. is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer, Females/Minorities/Disabled/Vets
SDL2017


Go to apply 

