Job Title = Engineer

Company: FedEx Logistics

Job Title: BT777: Engineer

Job Requisition Number: RC189401

Time Type: Full Time

Job Type: Regular

Primary Job Posting Location:

3742 Tyndale Drive

Memphis, Tennessee 38125

United States

Posting Date: 2019-09-09

To establish work measurement programs, develop standards for labor utilization, and analyze operational data to determine efficient utilization of resources. Recommends methods for improving worker efficiency to reduce operating expenses, increase revenue, and improve customer services.

Monitors productivity, service, and cost performance in all areas of operations and assists personnel in implementing required changes. Assists in the development of management information systems to aid in the control and development of company goals. Assists in providing technical training to personnel via workshops, seminars, or on-the-job training sessions. Assists or leads with projects and studies designed to implement, sound, innovative engineering concepts into operations for the benefit of the company and our customers. Ensures that operating plans comply with safety and legal standards. Prepares and monitors short term and long range plans related to expansion, staffing, equipment, other resources, and products. Participates in special projects to provide engineering expertise and facilitate implementation. Maintains effective communication with management and staff to provide technical expertise and obtain information to improve processes and develop best practices.

Bachelor's degree in industrial engineering or related engineering discipline. Three (3) years professional experience in industrial engineering or related area. Knowledge of computer systems and experience with MS Office, ms project, and visio. Good analytical, communication, and human relations skills.

FedEx Logistics provides freight forwarding, as well as import and export services that allow companies to reach markets throughout the world. They help customers of all sizes solve the intricacies of shipping goods globally by providing comprehensive international ocean and air freight forwarding, surface transportation and distribution, customs brokerage, trade and customs advisory services, and advanced e-commerce and trade facilitation solutions. We're glad you stopped by and hope your job search experience with FedEx Logistics, Inc. will be rewarding. We look forward to hearing from you!

FedEx Logistics, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their protected veteran or disability status.

FedEx Logistics, Inc. participates in the Department of Homeland Security U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services' E-Verify program (For U.S. applicants and employees only). Please ready the E-Verify Notice available in English ( and Spanish ( before proceeding with your job application. Click here to read the Right to Work Notice available in English ( and Spanish ( Additional information about the E-Verify program can also be found at

Pay Transparency Policy Statement: The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless required to do so by law or the FedEx Logistics Legal Department.

Import Notice to All Applicants: FedEx Logistics is engaged in an industry regulated by federal law that prohibits it from employing convicted felons. Therefore, it must determine whether applicants have been convicted of felonies before a hiring decision is made. A criminal background check will be required of all selected applicants before a hiring decision is made.

Equal Employment Opportunity: As a federal government contractor, we are committed to employ and promote qualified minorities, females, individuals with disabilities, and covered veterans (including, but not limited to, disabled veterans, recently separated veterans, Armed Forces service medal veterans, and other protected veterans. Our philosophy and commitment to equal employment opportunity and non-discrimination is the bedrock to job opportunities for all employees and applicants without regard to an individual's protected status (i.e. race/ethnicity, color, national origin, ancestry, sex/gender, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, marital/parental status, pregnancy/childbirth, or related condition, religion, creed, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, or any other protected status.) Click here and here to read more about "Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law."

FedEx Logistics will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the FAIR Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance (FCIHOO) for the City of Los Angeles (LAMC 189.00)

FedEx Logistics will not rely on the wage history of a prospective employee from any current or former employer when determining the wages for such individual at any stage in the employment process, including in the negotiation or drafting of any employment contract in accordance with Philadelphia Ordinance No. 160840.
SDL2017


Go to apply 

