Job Title = Machinist

We are looking for a skilled Machinist to operate a variety of machines to perform assigned tasks. You will produce or repair precision parts using both manual and automated equipment and accurate measurements.

A great machinist needs to possess manual dexterity and an eye for detail. They must also have knowledge of mathematics and mechanics as well as respect for safety precautions.

The goal is to ensure effective production operations and optimize procedures.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND SKILLS NEEDED:
Operation of a variety of manual machine lathes, mills and other equipment.
Modification of existing parts fabricated parts.
Organization and upkeep of workspace.
Review samples, drawings or instructions to understand specifications of output.
Plan the sequence of necessary actions for the completion of a job.
Take measurements and mark material for cutting or shaping.
Select appropriate machines (lathes, mills) and position or load material for a job.
Determine and program size of batches, speed of the machine, etc.
Monitor machine while working to adjust the feed, maintain temperature and identify issues.
Check output to ensure consistency with specifications and discard defects.
Keep records of approved and defective units or final products.
Perform routine machine maintenance and repair minor damages.
Conduct activities adhering to OSHA standards and company SOPs.
Practice good housekeeping and appropriate measures to increase efficiency in a lean manufacturing environment as well as prevent negative impacts on the equipment.
Other duties as assigned.

REQUIREMENTS:
Proven experience as a machinist.
Experience in using and/or programming manual, semi-automated or automated tools and machines (lathes, grinders, etc.)
Ability to use precision tools (e.g. calipers) to take accurate measurements.
Knowledge of the properties of metal and other material.
Ability to read blueprints, schematics, and manuals.
Good at math with analytical abilities.
Physical stamina and strength to lift heavy items.
High school diploma or equivalent; completion of vocational training or an apprenticeship will be an asset.

NOTE:
This summary is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required for this position.

Electromechanex, LLC, located in Vineland, NJ, provider of solutions for electric motors and motor control systems, services a wide range of customers, such as municipal utilities, mining, printing, and manufacturing facilities, focusing on a comprehensive range of efficient and high technical quality products and services.

Visit to learn more.


Go to apply 

