Job Title = Machinist

Operates metal cutting machine tools to shape parts and products to exact dimensions, and perform other Machine Shop duties.
Receives instructions of work to be performed from supervisor or other designated person. Instructions can be in the form of blueprints, written specifications and/or verbal.
From instructions, must be able to machine the part to the correct: a) Dimensions b) Tolerances c) Straightness d) Microfinish.
Performs machine set-up as required to machine piece.
Machines piece in an efficient manner to meet the requirements of the instructions.
Uses advanced shop mathematics to determine dimensions and to set machine hand dials.
Determines speeds, feeds, number and depth of cuts depending on dimensions, tolerances, surface finished, and type material, to machine the piece in the most efficient manner.
Uses and maintains sufficient hand tools to perform required work.
Performs daily checks and maintains proper oil levels in machine.
Keeps machine clean and orderly.
Operates floor cranes to load and unload machines as required.
Keeps work area clean and orderly. Knows safety rules that apply to the safety of others and to personal safety. Reports malfunction of equipment to proper authority. Performs other work as instructed by supervision.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:

Must have successfully completed either the AMERICAN apprentice or trainee program in the machinist craft classification. OR Must have successfully completed an apprentice or trainee program in a machinist craft classification away from AMERICAN.
Must be able to read, write and keep records.
Must be able to read and interpret blueprints.
Must be able to perform written and verbal instructions.
Must be physically able to perform the essential functions of the job, with or without reasonable accommodations.
Due to the hazardous nature of the job environment (mobile equipment, overhead cranes, etc.), an acceptable level of vision and hearing is required in order to identify and respond to visual and audible warnings in a safe manner.
Must be able to add, subtract, multiply, and divide whole numbers, and common fractions and decimal fractions.
Must exhibit the ability to use and interpret various measuring instruments such as a tape measure, micrometer, and caliper.
Must exhibit an excellent record of punctuality and attendance.
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:

None
ESSENTIAL PHYSICAL FUNCTIONS:
None
EOE/VETS/DISABILITY0


Go to apply 

