Job Title = Machinist

Company Description

Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology – with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
Position your career for long term success by joining the world's most admired motor vehicle parts supplier as ranked by Fortune for the third consecutive year.

Job Description

We are offering a $1,500 referral and SIGNING BONUS for machinists who are hired for 2nd or weekend shifts.
As a Machinist with Bosch, you are accountable for the set-up and operation of production equipment, producing high-quality automotive diagnostics products. We have a clean manufacturing environment in a closed facility, focused in maintaining a great work-life balance. You are an essential partner as we continue to work cost effectively and meet the customer expectations that have earned Bosch its reputation in the industry.
Enjoy 3-Day weekends with a core shift of Monday through Thursday, 3:30 pm – 2:00 am.
We also offer a 2nd-shift differential pay increase.
Your responsibilities will include:
Operating production equipment to meet internal and external customer demands.
Assisting with routine administrative tasks and back-up functions to ensure the timely completion of projects.
Monitoring manufacturing methods, processes and procedures to ensure departmental and business goals are met.
Maintaining cost competitiveness - which includes identifying, recommending, and implementing necessary improvements.
Monitoring established safety procedures.
Maintaining a clean and safe work environment.
Maintaining a positive work atmosphere by behaving and communicating in a manner that interfaces well with customers, clients, co-workers, and management members.

Qualifications

A Machinist Qualifications:
High School Degree or GED required.
2-year Vocational Technical Degree in Machine Tool Technology or 4+ years of computer control machine experience for metal machining processes.
2+ years of computer control machine experience (with degree).
Ability to read and interpret blueprints and perform basic math functions.
Effective communication skills.
Awareness and adherance to Bosch safety standards (personal protection equipment - safety shoes, safety glasses w/side shields, etc.)
Ability to repetitively (using safe manual lifting procedures) lift 40 lbs.
Must be within a commutable distance to facility. Relocation support not offered.
Must be eligible to work in the US without VISA sponsorship.
Not eligible for VA/VN assignment.

Additional Information

By choice, we are committed to a diverse workforce-EOE/Protected Veteran/Disabled
BOSCH is a proud supporter of STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering & Mathematics) Initiatives:
FIRST Robotics (For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology)
AWIM (A World In Motion)

Videos To Watch

Job Location
I'm interestedPrivacy Policy


Go to apply 

