Job Title = Engineer

Belmond El Encanto, a Forbes Five-Star luxury hotel, has been meticulously restored to capture all the romance and glamour that endeared it to both the local Santa Barbara community and visitors alike. Ninety-two quintessential, California-styled suites and bungalows dot the lush, terraced grounds featuring seven-acres of gloriously landscaped gardens with sweeping views of Santa Barbara and the Pacific Ocean. Original architectural features have been lovingly restored, including the historic, trellis-lined Arbor and Lily Pond. Modern additions to the expansive outdoor zero-edge pool and a new beautifully appointed boutique spa enhance the journey for today's luxury-seeking guest.

We are seeking a proven Engineer with an excellent work ethic and can-do attitude with previous experience in impeccably maintaining the facilities, equipment, and buildings of a property, preferably in a luxury hotel setting.

Requirements

The successful candidates will understand aspects of plumbing, electrical, pneumatic, hydraulics, fire, pool, kitchen, HVAC and laundry systems and will be able to interpret blueprints. These positions require effective communication skills with guests, management and co-workers and the ability to make repairs in a timely and efficient manner.

Benefits

Belmond El Encanto offers a full array of benefits, including medical, dental and vision coverage. In addition, the company pays for basic life and AD&D as well as short term disability. Team members can choose additional coverage to include voluntary life/AD&D, spouse life/AD&D, dependent life, critical care, hospital indemnity, accident and flexible spending.

The Company offers paid time off, sick pay, a 401(k) program with Company matching, and an employee assistance program. Team members enjoy free cafeteria meals and discounts on food and beverage, spa treatments, and retail boutique items.

The Discovering Belmond program offers complimentary accommodation for team members while on leisure travel outside their region at any Belmond hotel and resort. It also offers food and beverage at a discounted rate. In addition to the complimentary offerings, discounted rates are available for safaris, trains and cruises.
SDL2017


Go to apply 

