Job Title = Machinist

Orion Marine Group is a leading heavy civil marine contractor headquartered in Houston, Texas.
We offer a wide range of services and turnkey solutions in marine construction, design, and specialty services on, over, and under the water throughout the continental United States, Alaska, Canada, and the Caribbean Basin.
The Companys heavy civil marine construction services include marine transportation facility construction, dredging, repair and maintenance, bridge building, marine pipeline construction, as well as specialty services.
The Companys specialty services include salvage, demolition, diving, surveying, towing and underwater inspection, excavation and repair.
For additional information, go to: . Orion Marine Group has an immediate opening for a Machinist in Port Lavaca, Texas.
This position is accountable for providing machinist support to field operations at the marine yard location for Orion Marine Group.
Incumbents are responsible for applying machine principles and practices in the fabrication equipment and materials needed for dredging and marine construction work.
Typically, they will work closely with the Machine Shop Foreman, Yard Superintendent, Asst.
Yard Superintendent, Machinists, Machinist Helpers and other skilled or semi-skilled crafts persons.
Specific Responsibilities: Works as assigned by the Machine Shop Foreman to ensure that timely maintenance and repair of mechanical equipment and machinery.
Sets up and operates conventional, special-purpose, and numerical control (NC) machines and machining centers to fabricate metallic and nonmetallic parts, and fits and assembles machined parts into complete units, applying knowledge of machine shop theory and procedures, shop mathematics, machinability of materials, and layout techniques.
Studies blueprints, sketches, drawings, manuals, specifications, or sample part to determine dimensions and tolerances of finished workpiece, sequence of operations, and setup requirements.
Measures, marks, and scribes dimensions and reference points on material or workpiece as guides for subsequent machining.
Selects, aligns, and secures holding fixtures, cutting tools, attachments, accessories, and materials on machines, such as mills, lathes, jig borers, grinders, and shapers.
Calculates and sets controls to regulate machining factors, such as speed, feed, coolant flow, and depth and angle of cut, or enters commands to retrieve, input, or edit computerized machine control media.
Starts and observes machine operation to detect malfunctions or out-of-tolerance machining, and adjusts machine controls or control media as required.
Verifies conformance of finished work piece to specifications, using precision measuring instruments.
Performs other related duties as may be assigned or requested by immediate supervision.
Sets up and operates machine on trial run to verify accuracy of machine settings or programed control data.
Fits and assembles parts into complete assembly, using jigs, fixtures, surface plate, surface table, hand tools, and power tools.
Participates in Safety and Environmental initiatives that will contribute to compliance of State/Federal regulations and improve existing Company programs.
All employees, current and former, must maintain confidentiality by not disclosing to others any confidential, proprietary or trade secret information belonging to the Company.
Responsible and accountable for incumbents own personal safety.
Responsible and accountable for the safety of all co-workers and any others incumbent comes in contact with.
Authorized and obligated to stop work on any task or series of tasks whenever an unsafe condition or situation is anticipated or is observed.
Complies with all applicable laws, regulations and Company policies and procedures, and is subject to appropriate disciplinary action (including dismissal) for failure to do so.
Reports any and all violations of applicable laws, regulations or Company policies


Go to apply 

