Job Title = Machinist

CB1
About Us:
Ohmstede Ltd. An EMCOR Company, is the largest manufacturer of shell and tube heat exchangers in the United States. We offer our clients fully integrated turnaround, specialty maintenance, and heat exchanger fabrication via our state-of-the-art repair and fabrication facilities. Through the years, we've earned our customer's trust and a reputation for expert quality service, accountability, and for being a single point of responsibility on all the projects we manage regardless of project size or tight deadlines.
#CB 1
Job Title: Machinist

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
OHMSTEDE LTD.
POSITION DESCRIPTION
Position: Machinist -CNC Drilling
Reports To: Machine Shop Foreman

Basic Function:
Under the direction of the Machine Shop Foreman, the machinist is assigned to drilling flanges, tubesheets and baffles used in fabrication and/or repair of shell and tube heat exchangers.

Major Duties:

Sets up job(s) to be drilled.
Operates the CNC drill and drill press.
Creates ring grooves and reams holes.
Checks hole dimension as required.
Sharpens drill bits.
Removes shavings as needed.
Refills coolant tank as needed.
Periodically replaces oil/coolant in drill presses.
Performs assigned tasks in a safe manner, avoiding all unsafe practices.
Other duties as assigned.
Performs internal quality control of drilling procedures.
Sets up and perform jobs based on shop practices and procedures.
Other duties as assigned.
Qualifications:

H.S. diploma or equivalent; or equivalent experience; knowledge of machining practices.
Skills- Read and write the English language; acceptable basic math skills; read and interpret simple measuring devises, read and interpret drawings.

Required Tools- Steel tape, center punch, hammer, 12” scale, 0-1 micrometer, 6” dividers, square and center head, 12” adjustable wrench, telescoping gauges, hex key wrenches, trammel points, tool box.

Optional Tools- Micrometer (0-1 & 1-2), Inside micrometers up to 6", 24"-36" scale.

Working Conditions- Noisy, heat, dirty, dusty, chemical exposures, pinching hazards, requires 50 lb. lifting ability, must be able to bend, stand for prolonged periods, push/pull, twist, stoop, squat, lift, climb, and exposed to normal shop hazards.

We offer our employees a competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package and are always looking for individuals with the talent and skills required to contribute to our continued growth and success. Equal Opportunity Employer.


Go to apply 

