Job Title = Machinist

Essential Functions & Responsibilities:
Machine parts to specifications using machine tools such as lathes, milling machines, shapers, or grinders.
Measure, examine, and test completed units in order to detect defects and ensure conformance to specifications, using precision instruments such as micrometers.
Study sample parts, blueprints, drawings, and engineering information in order to determine methods and sequences of operations needed to fabricate products, and determine product dimensions and tolerances.
Maintain industrial machines, applying knowledge of mechanics, shop mathematics, metal properties, layout, and machining procedures.
Design fixtures, tooling, and experimental parts to meet special engineering needs.
Responsible for the final inspection on product before shipment.
Keep warehouse and shop areas looking professional and clean.
Assist others as required.
Job duties are subject to change as directed by management.

Essential Mental Functions:
Attention to detail.
Good communication skills.
Excellent math and computer skills.
Willing to help in other areas of department as necessary.

Essential Physical Functions/Equipment Used:
Must be able to lift objects weighing up to 75lbs.
Must be able to stand, kneel, and walk for long periods of time.
Must be able to, or possess ability to learn how to, operate large warehouse equipment; namely forklifts.
Must be able to work off hours, weekends, and OT on a short notice basis based on business needs.
Knowledge of rigging, lifting and moving heavy and awkward products.
Able to work in abnormal (heat/cold/clean room) operating conditions.
Knowledge of lathes, milling machines, grinders, micrometers, calipers, etc.

Preferred Education/Experience:
High School Diploma or Equivalent required; Associates Degree/Technical Degree preferred.
1-3 year s previous hand-machining experience required; CNC experience helpful but not required.
Basic computer proficiency required, namely the ability to operate Microsoft Office products.
Knowledge of required equipment, including lathes, mills, grinders, micrometers, calipers, etc.
Clean driving record.

Work Environment:
Standard warehouse environment; including machine shop, paint booth, equipment operation, shipping & receiving, inventory area.
FCX Performance is an Applied Industrial Technologies Company and a leading process flow control company, providing technical, mission-critical products and services to more than 15,000 end users, OEMs, and EPC firms across a broad range of industries and markets. Applied Industrial Technologies (NYSE: AIT) is a leading industrial distributor that offers more than 6.5 million parts to serve the needs of MRO and OEM customers in virtually every industry.

Applied provides engineering, design and systems integration for industrial and fluid power applications, as well as customized mechanical, fabricated rubber and fluid power shop services. Applied also offers storeroom services and inventory management solutions that provide added value to our customers.

We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, gender, sexual orientation, age, disability, protected veteran status, marital status, medical condition or any other characteristic protected by law.


Go to apply 

