Job Title = Machinist

Job Title: Machinist
Reports To: Machine Shop Supervisor
FLSA Status: Non-Exempt
Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned.
1. Perform a variety of machine set ups and operations.
2. Documents machine set up data, maintains all related records and files and updates as needed.
3. Ensures use of statistical methods or quality control.
4. Work to close tolerances and select speeds, feeds and tools for varying conditions according to reference manuals or materials for machine set ups.
5. Reads and interprets conditions defined in reference manuals, drawings and related materials to produce parts.
6. Sharpens and replaces tools as required.
Qualifications:
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Language Ability:
Ability to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals. Ability to write routine reports and correspondence. Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from managers and company employees.
Math Ability:
Ability to add, subtract, multiply, and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals. Ability to apply concepts such as fractions, percentages ratios and proportions to practical situations.
Reasoning Ability:
Ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists. Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form.
Computer Skills:
To perform this job successfully, an individual should have knowledge of time keeping manufacturing software and database software.
Education/Experience:
High school diploma or general education degree (GED); and two to four years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Specialized Training:
Understand mechanical principles and operating requirements of power, hydraulic and electrical systems.
Equipment:
Capable of using hand, power, mechanical tools and power testing equipment.
Knowledge, Skills and Other Abilities:
· Time Management skills
· Interpersonal and communication skills
· Physical Dexterity skills
· Mechanical Aptitude
· Ability to read blueprints
Physical Demands:
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to use hands; and reach with hands and arms. The employee is frequently required to stand; sit; stoop; kneel; crouch or crawl and talk or hear. The employee is occasionally required to walk; climb or balance; and smell. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds.
Vision Requirements:
Close Vision (clear vision at 20 inches or less)
Depth Perception (three-dimensional vision, ability to judge distances and spatial relationships)
Ability to Adjust Focus (ability to adjust the eye to bring an object into sharp focus)
Work Environment:
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently exposed to work near moving mechanical parts and fumes or airborne particles. Occasionally exposed to work in wet or humid conditions, high, precarious places, near toxic or caustic chemicals, outdoor weather conditions.
The noise level in the work environment is usually loud.


Go to apply 

