Job Title = Machinist

Summary Under the supervision of the Production Supervisor and/or the Machine Shop Supervisor, the Machinist sets up, adjusts, and operates a variety of departmental machinery to include horizontal and vertical mills, lathes, presses, and grinders to manufacture machine parts requiring close tolerances.
This position has the responsibility of assisting in the performing primary machining operations on four or less of the core machine shop machines.
See individual pay grade summaries for further information.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities This list of duties and responsibilities is not all inclusive and may be expanded to include other duties and responsibilities as management may deem necessary from time to time.
1.
Read and interpret blueprint specifications to determine procedures and operational sequence.
2.
Set up, adjust and operate machine tools with limited supervision.
3.
Position tools in relation to work piece.
4.
Operate various hand tools, power hand tools, and machine tools to make finish adjustments to products.
5.
Use a variety of precision measuring devices to set up and adjust work and verify conformance of work to specifications.
6.
Examine and feel surface of work piece for defects.
7.
Sharpen cutting tools as needed.
8.
Troubleshoot operating, material and tooling problems.
9.
Perform general preventive maintenance work on tools and equipment.
10.
Process all necessary documentation and paperwork for processes completed.
11.
Follow all clean up and housekeeping procedures.
12.
Comply with all quality, safety and sanitation regulations.
Qualifications To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.
The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Education and/or Experience High School diploma or equivalent is required.
Prior job-related experience and/or trade school.
Language Skills Ability to read and understand documents such as blueprints, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals.
Ability to write standard documentation.
Ability to communicate effectively with other employees of the organization.
Mathematical/Computer Skills Ability to add, subtract, multiply, and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals.
Ability to compute rate, ratio, and percent.
Reasoning Ability Ability to apply commonsense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form.
Ability to deal with problems involving several concrete variables in standardized situations.
Journeyman will have the knowledge and ability to perform primary machining operations on any and all available machine tools as a primary function.
Knowledge and ability to simultaneously perform secondary machining and manufacturing functions such as inspecting parts, deburr parts, drill and tap, etc.) Physical Demands The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to stand and use hands to finger, handle, or touch objects, tools, or controls.
The employee frequently is required to stand, walk, twist, turn, stoop, bend, lift and talk or hear.
The employee is occasionally required to sit; reach above shoulders; climb or balance; kneel, crouch, or crawl.
The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 40 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 75 pounds.
Work Environment The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job.
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee regularly works near moving mechanical parts.
The employee is frequently exposed to fumes or airborne particles.
The employee is occasionally exposed to toxic or caustic chemicals, risk of electrical shock, and vibration.
The noise level in the work environment is usually loud.

Permanent


Go to apply 

