Job Title = Machinist

Your Career Begins at Timken
If you're ready for a challenging career that provides you with the ability to advance personally and professionally, look to Timken. Our associates make the world more productive by improving the efficiency and reliability of the machinery that keeps industry in motion.
Job Summary:
The Machinist sets up and operates a variety of machine tools to produce precision parts and instruments for the repair and maintenance of industrial equipment. The Machinist will fabricate and modify parts utilizing manual lathes, mills and other specialty machines to ensure parts meet specifications for the repair of industrial equipment.
Job Duties:
Record all data necessary to produce expected service and/or design results, including sizing and illustrations.
Use measuring devices such as micrometers and calipers with techniques to assure proper sizing and accurate readings of parts.
Perform machining operations such as turning, drilling, tapping, boring, and conventional milling and lathe work, using various engine lathes and horizontal and vertical mills and horizontal boring mills
Must be capable of holding 0. 0005 machining tolerances with a variety of equipment.
Balance mechanical assemblies using dynamic balancing equipment.
Perform various metalizing (metal spraying) techniques as needed.
Understand materials and applications as required.
Perform various welding operations, including setup and use of MIG, TIG, torch, and stick welders.
Set up and perform tool-post grinding operations (e. g., precision surface facing), broaching procedures, and babbitt bearing work.
Use various hand-held and stationary power and non-power tools, including, but not limited to: band saws, belt sanders, hand grinders, files, etc.
Lift, tighten, adjust, and/or secure heavy objects in order to perform work and/or to observe safety precautions.
Observe all safety procedures and use proper protective gear (especially eye and ear protection).
Operate Overhead Crane
Keep work area neat and clean
Assist other machinists in department with skilled or non-skilled duties as directed by supervisor or shop manager.
Assist other shop departments with skilled or non-skilled duties as directed by supervisor and shop manager.
Perform other duties as directed, including, but not limited to; Parts Washing, Shop Clean Up, Mechanical Work
Skills:
Use Micrometer for getting accurate measurements
Use Lathe and Mill material to specification
Research proper specifications of parts through various resources (EASA, Manufacturer)
Required Qualifications
High school Diploma
3 to 5 years of applicable experience


Go to apply 

