Job Title = Machinist

Position Summary Information

Department Description

The Physics and Astronomy Departments primary mission is to provide instruction of the highest quality in physics and astronomy to undergraduate and graduate students at UNC Chapel Hill. Training in physics and astronomy is fundamental among the natural sciences because it provides understanding of the forces governing the structure of matter, from subatomic particles to the large-scale structure of the universe.
Equal Opportunity Employer

The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, disability, gender, gender expression, gender identity, genetic information, race, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, or status as a protected veteran.
Position Description

The Physics and Astronomy instrument shop provides professional instrument construction for research endeavors at UNC. This position interacts with faculty, staff, postdocs, graduate students, and other research professionals both within and outside of the Department of Physics and Astronomy. Technicians in the shop provide design consultation services and operate a variety of standard and specialized equipment to create and assemble instruments for research use. This position performs manual machining, CNC programming, CNC turning, CNC milling, electric discharge machining, welding, sheet metal fabrication, plastic fabrication, and other related duties as assigned.
Minimum Education and Experience Requirements

High school diploma or equivalency and two years of experience related to the area of assignment; or equivalent combination of training and experience.
Essential Skills, Knowledge and Abilities

Candidates must possess the knowledge and skill to operate both common and specialized equipment in the instrument shop, including lathes, mills, grinders, soldering machines, and drill presses. They must possess the ability to read and interpret complex design specifications (including CAD files, oral and written instructions, and incomplete/rough design plans), along with planning and implementing a variety of design, construction, fabrication, and assembly processes. Problem-solving skills, including the repair, maintenance, fabrication of parts, and proper calibration of standard machines and equipment are a must. Candidates need to possess the ability to exercise sound judgement and work independently when necessary. They must be knowledgeable and able to comply with all applicable safety codes and guidelines, including the ability to take precautions that assure the safety of themselves and others. In addition, they must possess appropriate communication and interpersonal skills in order to interpret and address customer needs and work in a team environment.
Preferred Qualifications

Experience in a university setting or in creating instruments for experimental and research use.
Contact Information

Office of Human Resources Contact Information

If you experience any problems accessing the system or have questions about the application process, please contact the Office of Human Resources at or send an email to
Please note: The Office of Human Resources will not be able to provide specific updates regarding position or application status.
Position Type: Permanent Staff (SHRA)
Is this an internal only recruitment?: No
Position Title: Specialty Trades Technician - Journey
Working Title: Machinist
Position Number: 00003693
Vacancy ID: P010777
Budgeted Hiring Range: $42,497 - $52,991
Pay Band Information: To learn more about the pay band for this branch and role, please see the Career Banding rates spreadsheet.
Salary Grade Equivalent: GN10
Full-time/Part-time Permanent/Time-Limited: Full-Time Permanent
Hours per week: 40
Work Schedule: Monday Friday 8:00am 4:30pm. Occasional evening, weekend, and/or overtime work may be required.
Department Name and Number: Physics and Astronomy-319000
Date First Posted: 09/11/2019
Closing Date: 09/25/2019
Position Location: Chapel Hill, NC
Position Posting Category: Facilities and Skilled Trades
Position/Schedule Requirements: Overtime occasionally
Stimulus/ARRA Funded: No
Quick Link:


Go to apply 

