Job Title = Engineer

BROOKFIELD PROPERTIES
Brookfield Properties is a leading owner, operator and developer of office and multifamily assets. Our signature office properties define the skyline of dynamic cities around the world, including gateway cities such as New York, London, Berlin, Toronto, and Sydney. Our multifamily business owns, develops, renovates and manages approximately 40,000 high quality rental apartment buildings in supply constrained markets of major cities such as New York and London, as well as high growth markets in the suburban U.S.
Voted 2018 Best Places to Work in LA by the Los Angeles Business Journal.
JOB DESCRIPTION / RESPONSIBILITIES
Assist the Chief Engineer, Assistant Chief Engineer, Lead Engineer and engineering team with responsible safe and efficient operation of all Mechanical/Electrical/Plumbing equipment, controls, and distribution used to provide heat, air conditioning, ventilation and electrical power & plumbing system service, as directed by Chief Engineer, Assistant Chief Engineer & Lead Engineer.
Maintain tenant relations through prompt and courteous response tenant/management requests within the established Brookfield policies, procedures and guidelines.
Performs general maintenance and operations of the HVAC equipment under the supervision and direction of the Chief Engineer, Assistant Chief Engineer & Lead Engineer.
Monitors systems for potential problems (or existing problems) and formulates solutions to be presented to the Chief Engineer, Assistant Chief Engineer and Lead Engineer for appropriate action.
Make repairs, adjustments and changes to HVAC and related equipment to maintain established comfort zones. These adjustments and changes must be within the established and understood Brookfield policies and procedures not limited to the following:
Chiller and reheat system temperature adjustments.
Building environmental controls
Thermostats
Outdoor air intake and exhaust systems
Duct dampers and splitters
Damper motors and operators
Air handler motor, sheave, belt and pulley, service, repair and maintenance adjustments
Related Fire Life Safety device interface and routine code compliance understanding
Operation of building emergency systems (i.e. emergency generator, fire pumps, Fire Command Center, etc.) and assist in managing the XL Gaps and Brookfield standards and policies
Perform all lighting repair or replacement needs.
Service, repair and maintenance of electrical systems.
Plumbing service, repair, and maintenance. Experience in restroom, and kitchen fixtures, drain cleaning, soldering, and brazing.
Rigging and hoisting heavy equipment parts with various property provided equipment
Operates watch shift independently, as necessary
Maintain ethical, professional, and courteous relations with contractors
Acts as a team member and promotes cooperation with all employees of the property management and engineering staff
Maintain the integrity and cleanliness of all mechanical areas
Assume additional responsibilities as delegated by the Chief Engineer, Assistant Chief Engineer & Lead Engineer.
Assist the crew in providing prompt and courteous service to the tenants through the Angus Anywhere Preventive Maintenance & Work Order system simultaneously complying with all Brookfield policies and procedures.
Review the Energy Management System operation of equipment ensuring optimum control of practices. Participate to ensure training is provided and maintained.
Review the Building Automation Management System operation of equipment to ensure optimum control of HVAC Controls building controls practices.
Assist with all commissioning of the HVAC system and air balance process.
Assist with Tenant Improvement oversight of all requirements of the ACM O & M Plan and Angus Anywhere work order system, job walks, RFI’s & Responses, pre-tests, testing, commissioning, punch list, close out package process.
Assist with compliance of all required Code Compliance documentation, reporting and testing of building equipment with the various governmental agencies; not limited to CGCT24, sustainability, utility, energy, safety, accessibility, etc.
Provide input for all future CapEx and OpEx projects that are needed for the building. Assist project deployment, RFP, scheduling, supervision, commissioning and close out as per procedure.
QUALIFICATIONS:
Must have good communication skills to participate in meetings with tenants and contractors.
High School Diploma
Five years of building high rise operations and maintenance preferred
Trade school classes preferred.
E.P.A. #608 Universal Technician Certification
Union Certification B.O.M.A.
Clear understanding of blueprint drawings, not limited to mechanical, electrical, plumbing, structural or architectural
Understanding of combustion engine service, repair and maintenance
Experienced in Energy management Systems / Building Automation Systems
Experience with combustion engine service, repair and maintenance.
Related Fire Life Safety device interface and routine code compliance understanding
Ability to maintain a calm demeanor in emergency situations
Apply principles of rational thinking to solve practical problems
Write reports with proper format, punctuation, spelling, and grammar, using all parts of speech
Organizational skills and ability to compile appropriate information to plan and complete tasks
Desire to learn, ability to inspire and think outside the box.
Ability to work well with others and interact with the tenants in a professional and courteous manner is an absolute requirement.
Experience with EPA Energy Star, LEED EBO&M, BOMA 360 and commissioning.
Type “L” Weekly Fire Pump Certification
Digital technology ability language
QrGhpstjxI


Go to apply 

