Job Title = Head of Capacity Partnerships - Americas

Why we need this role:
Head of capacity partnerships in Americas will help ensure that supply of creators and partners is always ahead of the demand on the platform in North and South America. This role will help us strike effective deals with capacity partners balancing on demand and on spot capacity. We need the role holder to build capacity partners into an effective go to market channel to drive projects from capacity partners. And to achieve all the key result areas drive partner NPS.

Why you should join?
This role will give you a chance to build a strong international supply network by aggregating hundreds of capacity partners and helping them increase business by driving depth of engagement. Thus this role will give you a strong experience for building a strong partner / supply side network as well as build a new go to market channel. You will be a part of the new business models that drive on aggregation of commoditized businesses and help you gain significant insights into the working of new and fast growing business model.

First 6 Months OKRs

Turn Around Time to start of project
Achieve Budgeted cost per project delivery
Partner NPS
% of partners converted as Go to market as well.

Requirements

You have experience working in the software development ecosystem, particularly with Account Management experience.
You have significant knowledge of software development companies business models
Have a strong C level network in capacity partners organisations and are able to navigate through organizational layers to drive decision making.
Any experience with software partners in Eastern Europe would be very desirable!
You are particularly strong with cross-functional and external stakeholder management and have experience of managing account management teams across geographies.
Passionate about loosely held values and ideas. We want someone who has experience of delivery and inside sales but is not fixated by the path already taken.
Benefits
Health and Wellness benefits including competitive medical, dental, and vision plans
Performance-based bonuses and stock options
Generous vacation and time off benefits including paid holidays
Generally flexible working hours
Working in a beautiful office space the heart of Silicon Beach in Playa Vista
A collaborative culture where unconventional thinkers come together to solve interesting problems and having fun while doing it
Mission-driven company that is making the world a better place


Go to apply 

