Job Title = Machinist

Responsibilities:

Including but not limited to:
Studies blueprints, sketches, drawings, specification, or sample parts to determine dimensions and tolerances of finish work piece, sequence of operations and setup requirements
Measures, marks, and scribe dimensions and reference points on material or work piece as guides for subsequent machining.
Select, aligns, and secures holding fixtures, cutting tools, attachments, accessories, and materials on machines such as mills, lathes, jig borers, grinders, and shapers
Starts and observes machine operation to detect malfunctions or out-of-tolerance machining, and adjusts machine as required
Verifies conformance of finished work piece to specifications
Sets up and operates machine on trial run to verify accuracy of machine settings or programmed control data
Confers with engineers, production personnel, programmers, or other to resolve or assembly problems
Develops specifications from general description and draws sketch of part or product to be fabricated
Performs other duties as assigned
Job Knowledge / Education and Qualifications

Education/Experience:
High school diploma or general education degree (GED); or five (5) years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Language:
Ability to read and comprehend simple instructions, short correspondence, and memos. Ability to write simple correspondence. Ability to effectively present information in one-on one and small group situations to customer, clients, and other employees of the organization.
Mathematical Skills:
Ability to add, subtracts, multiply, and divided in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals.
Reasoning Ability:
Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to deal with problems involving several concrete variables in standardized situations. Clear, rational and logical thought processes. Capable of drawing engineering conclusions from modeling and analysis activity.
Physical Demands
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to stand and reach with hands and arms, kneeling, bending, stooping and pushing upward or applying downward force and walking. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 50/100 pounds daily. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close, distance, color and peripheral vision.
Work Environment
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is frequently exposed to moving mechanical parts and inclement weather conditions. High noise level shop environment. Required to wear Personal Protective Equipment (PPE), including steel toed safety shoes and safety glasses, in all areas of the facility. May work with chemicals and high pressure equipment.
Core Competencies

Interpersonal Skills
- Focuses on solving conflict, not blaming; maintains confidentiality; listens to others without interrupting; keeps emotions under control; remains open to others' ideas and tries new things.
Teamwork
- Balances team and individual responsibilities; exhibits objectivity and openness to others' views; gives and welcomes feedback; contributes to building a positive team spirit; puts success of team above own interests; able to build morale and group commitments to goals and objectives; supports everyone's efforts to succeed.
Motivation
- Sets and achieves challenging goals; demonstrates persistence and overcomes obstacles; measures self against standard of excellence; takes calculated risks to accomplish goals.
Safety and Security
- Observes safety and security procedures; determines appropriate action beyond guidelines; reports potentially unsafe conditions; uses equipment and materials properly.
Attendance/Punctuality
- Is consistently at work and on time; ensures work responsibilities are covered when absent; arrives at meetings and appointments on time.
Dependability
- Follows instructions, responds to management direction; takes responsibility for own actions; keeps commitments; commits to long hours of work when necessary to reach goals; completes tasks on time or notifies appropriate person with an alternate plan.


Go to apply 

