Job Title = Machinist

Overview
Machinist
LAUNCH Technical Workforce Solutions is seeking a Machinist with lathe experience for an opportunity in Pascagoula, Mississippi.
Job Duties and Responsibilities:

Set up fixture components for jobs that require NC Machining.

Understand and have functional use of NC code and NC programming.

Setting machine origins in accordance with the set-up instructions.

Work to machine dimensions and maintain close tolerances and correlated dimensions with a high demand for squareness, concentricity, finish and parallelism.

Layout work as required.

Set and load all tools in conjunction with set-up instructions to complete assigned jobs.
Qualifications and requirements:

Must be able to lift various items weighing up to 40 pounds at times in awkward positions.

Ability to operate various cranes, material handling equipment, various types of machining equipment, etc.

Must have enough manual dexterity to occasionally perform inspections and functions in difficult or awkward positions.

H.S. plus 5 years experience in machining operations or related field.

Knowledge of the basic departments practices and the correct operation of all procedures and equipment within the department.

Use of shop arithmetic, charts and tables. Requires knowledge of machining methods, cutting qualities of metals and tools.

Ability to read and understand blueprints.

Ability to properly utilize precision measuring equipment

Must be a US Citizen, and able to obtain and maintain a DSS security clearance.

Must pass an DOT/FAA Pre-employment Drug Screen

Must clear a background check with no felonies

High School Graduate or equivalent required
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or veteran status.
Why Choose LAUNCH?
A team of aviation staffing experts leads LAUNCH. We understand the challenges of finding the top aviation jobs and we focus on linking you with the best openings in the most sought-after locations.
LAUNCH offers you an ACA compliant benefit package including company-sponsored medical insurance with multiple plans to choose from. Our Minimum Essential Coverage is offered to every employee who does not have coverage elsewhere at no cost to you! LAUNCH also offers a 401(k) program with a company match. Plus, you join the on your first day, earning you extra cash bonuses, apparel and safety rewards.
If youre ready to LAUNCH your career, you've found an employer that can take you to new heights.
Refer this job to a friend
Connect With Us!
Not ready to apply?for general consideration.

Call us at, Press Option 2 for a Recruiting Specialist.

Email us at
ID2019-14171
of Openings2

CategoryAviation Maintenance


Go to apply 

