Job Title = Machinist

Machinist
job details:

location:Milford, CT

salary:$20 - $25 per hour

date posted:Friday, September 6, 2019

experience:Entry Level

job type:Permanent

reference:S_796597

questions:meagan.evans@randstadusa.com203-239-1556
job description
Machinist
Machinist positions available for 1st and 2nd shift hours. These are direct hire positions that offer overtime, full benefits, and 401k match from the company.
Responsibilities:
*Setting up, operating, and performing adjustments on CNC Mills and Lathes
*Experience with 4 and 5 Axis machines
*Performing secondary operations as needed
Working hours: 7:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Skills:
*Ability to use all measuring devices including micrometers, calipers, and gauges
*Ability to read and interpret blueprints and schematics
*Ability to work in an independent setting
Education:
High School
Experience:
Entry Level
Qualifications:
This is an immediate opening and our team is available to interview during and outside open hours. Pay rates beginning at $23+/hr depending on experience. During the interview, machinist questionnaire will be answered and candidates must be able to submit to a drug screen and background check
If you or anyone you know meets this criteria, please submit your resume to or call Meagan at . We also offer the convenience of scheduling digital interviews via Google Hangouts, Duo, Facetime or Facebook Messenger.We look forward to hearing from you!
Why Work with a Recruiter?
Randstad is a world leader in matching great people with great companies. Our experienced agents will listen carefully to your employment needs and then work diligently to match your skills and qualifications to the right job and company. Whether you're looking for temporary, temporary-to-permanent or permanent opportunities, no one works harder for you than Randstad. EEO Employer: Race, Religion, Color, National Origin, Citizenship, Sex, Age, Disability, Ancestry, Veteran Status, Genetic Information, Service in the Uniformed Services or any other classification protected by law.


Go to apply 

