Job Title = Machinist

Job Summary: This position will be part of a team of machinists operating shop equipment to manufacture, repair and or restore airframe and engine parts to their original serviceable condition. Required to design and construct tooling when necessary. Practice safety conscious behaviors in all operational processes and procedures. Must be willing to work alternate shifts, off days and weekends as required. Particular functions, tasks, and requirements may vary depending upon the location and operational requirements. Must be able to work efficiently and be self motivated with little or no supervision. Practice safety-conscious behaviors in all operational processes and procedures.
Job Qualifications: Two year post secondary Machine Tool Technology Certificate AND 4 years precision machining experience in the set up and operation of Vertical, Horizontal, Jig and Boring Mills, Turret and Engine Lathes, I. D. and O. D. Grinders, Jig Grinders, Tool Grinders, Drill Presses and Radial Arm drills. Must be able to sharpen cutting tools and drills. Must know the use of and perform work using all types of machine shop measuring instruments. Must achieve a satisfactory score on the mechanical aptitude test which is structured to determine the ability to perform essential job functions. This shop is a 24x7 operation. Must be willing and able to work alternate shifts, off days, weekends and holidays as required to meet operational demand. Should demonstrate theoretical and working knowledge of jobs and skills performed in a machine shop. Must be able to read, write, comprehend and apply information contained in detailed and complex technical manuals, procedural manuals and blueprints with little or no assistance. Able to study, master and apply a series of steps, rules and guidelines needed to perform a variety of tasks. Able to respond with flexibility to change or multiple work assignments.
To qualify for this position you must:

Have a valid driver's license

Be at least 18 years of age

Be able to pass an extensive background check, drug test and audiogram

Be authorized to work in the US

Have the ability to work a flexible schedule including weekends and holidays Practices safety conscious behaviors in all operational processes and procedures.


Go to apply 

