Job Title = Machinist

Responsibilities:

Plans machining by studying work orders, blueprints, engineering plans, materials, specifications, orthographic drawings, reference planes, locations of surfaces, and machining parameters; interpreting geometric dimensions and tolerances (GD&T).
Operates mills and lathes, both manual and CNC, by entering instructions, including zero and reference points; setting tool registers, offsets, compensation, and conditional switches; calculating requirements, including basic math, geometry, and trigonometry; proving part programs.
Sets-up mills and lathes, both manual and CNC, by installing and adjusting three- and four-jaw chucks, tools, attachments, collets, bushings, cams, gears, stops, and stock pushers; indicating vices; tramming heads.
Recognizes, deploys and properly uses inserts, fixtures and tooling
Loads feed mechanism by lifting stock into position.
Verifies settings by measuring positions, first-run part, and sample workpieces; adhering to international standards.
Maintains specifications by observing drilling, grooving, and cutting, including turning, facing, knurling and thread chasing operations; taking measurements; detecting malfunctions; troubleshooting processes; adjusting and reprogramming controls; sharpening and replacing worn tools; adhering to quality assurance procedures and processes.
Maintains safe operations by adhering to safety procedures and regulations.
Maintains equipment by completing preventive maintenance requirements; following manufacturer's instructions; troubleshooting malfunctions; calling for repairs.
Maintains continuity among work shifts by documenting and communicating actions, irregularities, and continuing needs.
Evaluate experimental procedures and recommend change or modifications for efficiency and adaptability to setup and production
Documents actions by completing production and quality logs.
Updates job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities; reading technical publications.
Accomplishes organization goals by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different requests; exploring opportunities
Qualifications

Five plus years of experience and adept at manual and CNC machining ferrous and non-ferrous materials using, vertical and horizontal lathes, milling machines, turrets and grinders.
Must be able to read mechanical drawings and set-up machines in accordance to customer / engineering specifications.
Prior machining of rotating equipment components preferred.
Skilled Trade certification or Journeyman papers are preferred. Qualified veterans with mechanical system operating and repair experience encouraged to apply.
Must be available for off shift (3:00PM 11:00PM, 11:00PM - 7:00AM) and for overtime as needed.
Elliott is an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, marital status, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by the federal, state or local laws of the United States. Elliott is a drug free workplace.
No agency submissions please. NOTE: Resumes submitted to any Elliott Group employee without a current, signed and valid contract in place with the Elliott Group recruiting team will become the property of Elliott Group and no search fees will be paid.


Go to apply 

