Job Title = Machinist

Overview
Machinist 3
LAUNCH Technical Workforce Solutions is seeking a Machinist with experience running a CNC Mill for an opportunity in Arlington, Washington.
Job Duties and Responsibilities:
The Machinist 3 operates numerical control (NC) machines and machining centers to fabricate aerospace parts per engineering specifications without supervision. The Machinist 3 receives on-the-job training to set up jobs with supervision.
Qualifications and requirements:

Three years plus experience running a CNC mill or recent Machinist TechTraining Certificate.

Proven ability to consistently run good parts that meet productionstandards.

Strong skills and aptitude in math.

Ability to perform basic functions with MS Windows-based computeroperating systems, such as opening and closing files.

Must be willing to work any shift.

Must be willing to work overtime (as requested).

High school diploma or equivalent required.

Must have reliable transportation to and from the job site.

Must pass pre-employment drug screen and background check.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or veteran status.
Why Choose LAUNCH?
A team of aviation staffing experts leads LAUNCH. We understand the challenges of finding the top aviation jobs and we focus on linking you with the best openings in the most sought-after locations.
LAUNCH offers you an ACA compliant benefit package including company-sponsored medical insurance with multiple plans to choose from. Our Minimum Essential Coverage is offered to every employee who does not have coverage elsewhere at no cost to you! LAUNCH also offers a 401(k) program with a company match. Plus, you join the on your first day, earning you extra cash bonuses, apparel and safety rewards.
If youre ready to LAUNCH your career, you've found an employer that can take you to new heights.
Refer this job to a friend
Connect With Us!
Not ready to apply?for general consideration.

Call us at, Press Option 2 for a Recruiting Specialist.

Email us at
ID2019-14499
of Openings1

CategoryAviation Maintenance


Go to apply 

