Job Title = Machinist

Essential Functions:
Fabricates, maintains, and repairs metal objects through the operation of lathes, grinders, welders, milling machines, drill presses and similar equipment.
Measures work carefully by using precision tools such as a micrometer.
Uses, adjusts, cleans, and stores the tools, machinery, and equipment of the machinist s trade.
Operates brush plating equipment (optional).
Demonstrates continuous effort to improve operations, decrease turnaround times, streamline work processes, and work cooperatively and jointly to provide quality seamless customer service.
Knowledge of:
Job related materials.
The tools, materials, methods, and standard practices of the machinist s trade.
The hazards and safety precautions of the machinist s trade.
Ability to:
Visualize parts or equipment that need to be made from rough sketches and oral instructions.
Use graphic instructions such as blueprints, sketches, models, or other visual aids.
Remain in a standing position for extended periods of time.
Understand and effectively carry out oral and written instructions in the English language.
Learn job-related material primarily through oral instruction and observation. This learning takes place mainly in an on-the-job training setting.
Work cooperatively with other employees.
Work safely without presenting a direct threat to self or others.
Make fine, highly controlled muscular movements to adjust the position of a control mechanism (Examples: operating dials or pedals).
Controlled manipulations of small objects (Example: working with drills and micrometers).
Coordinate the movement of more than one limb simultaneously (Example: operating the milling table vertically and horizontally).
Bend or stoop repeatedly or continually over time.
Needed Attributes:
Self motivated
Problem solver
Ability to make simple calculations
Ability to organize
Ability to communicate effectively
Good human relation skills
Additional Requirements:
Some positions will require the performance of other essential and marginal functions depending upon the work location, assignment, or shift.
Overtime hours may be required.
Working Conditions and Physical Effort:
Work involves moderate exposure to unusual elements, such as extreme temperatures, dirt, dust, fumes, smoke, unpleasant odors, and/or loud noises.
Moderate physical activity. Requires handling of average-weight objects up to 50 pounds or standing and /or walking for more than four (4) hours per day.
Work environment involves some exposure to hazards or physical risks, which require following basic safety precautions.


Go to apply 

