Job Title = Machinist

Position: Machinist

Department: Machine Shop

Location: SEMS

Reports to: Operations Leader or Leadsman

Purpose of Job: Operate one or more major items of equipment necessary to perform machine work and other tasks, in support of jobs contracted by SEMS; represent SEMS positively on all worksites.

Reports To: Operation Leader or Lead man

Work Schedule: According to needs of SEMS; regularly work 10+ hours/day, 5 days/week; with on call week ends, shift work; overtime required; some travel with overnight stay may be required

Conditions

1. Promote safety of self and others by:

* Learning and practicing the safe work habits which apply to all duties and work situations.

* Notifying co-workers and the operation leader of any unsafe conditions, and taking action to eliminate the hazard when possible to prevent harm.

* Reporting any injuries, damage to equipment, and near misses, and other incidents which may have a bearing on the safety of the project and its employees and visitors.

2. Be punctual and maintain regular and consistent attendance, keeping in mind that late arrival or failure to arrive for work may create hardship for other employees and jeopardize the ability of SEMS to meet its responsibilities.

3. Schedule personal appointments at other than scheduled work times.

4. You are required to notify your immediate supervisor in advance if you will not be available for work. If you are not going to be at work for any reason, including, but not limited to, illness or an emergency, you must notify your immediate supervisor as early as possible, but no less than 30 minutes before the beginning of your scheduled work shift. You must notify SEMS each day that you are going to be absent.

5. If you are absent three (3) consecutive days without notifying and speaking with your supervisor, you will be considered to have abandoned the job and voluntarily resigned as of the third absent day.

6. In order to promote harmonious work relationships and maintain a professional atmosphere, EMS prohibits harassment of fellow workers. All forms of harassment that create an offensive working environment are forbidden, including, but not limited to, insulting, intimidating or discourteous conduct, as well as derogatory jokes or comments relating to age, disability, national origin, religion, race or sex.

7. All non-smoking areas are marked. The purpose of a tobacco smoking policy is to protect the health and comfort of its employees and customers.

8. SEMS is a service business, and we must be available to our customers at all times. Since the telephone is our primary method of customer communication, it is necessary to limit the use of SEMS s telephone to business only. With the exception of emergencies, personal telephone calls to and from employees during working hour are limited to break periods and lunch period only. Please do not allow this privilege to be misused.

9. Have an at-will employment relationship with SEMS as defined by the laws of the state having jurisdiction.

10. You will be responsible for returning all SEMS equipment upon leaving employment.

Qualification Requirements

Age/Experience: Must be 18 or older

Abilities: Proven ability to operate one or more pieces of SEMS equipment as designated at the time of hire or appointment; ability to pass annual qualification tests on each; ability to successfully complete training on additional equipment as time and opportunity permit

Drug Testing: Hiring also contingent on successful passage of initial drug and alcohol test and agreement to submit to, and pass, drug and alcohol tests for reasonable suspicion as an ongoing condition of employment

Preferred Experience as a Journeyman Machinist with a valid driver s license;

Qualifications: experience with equipment used by SEMS; other experience related to the processes performed on SEMS jobs; and the ability to read, write and converse fluently in English

Attitude: Must have the initiative and enterprise to quickly master the processes and procedures of the job and to complete tasks with or without supervision


Go to apply 

