Job Title = Machinist

Brief Description
Responsible for setting up and operating several different computerized numerical controlled (CNC) machines to perform a wide-range of turning, drilling, milling, and tapping operations on precision machined components in a work-cell environment. Follow quality controls, safety rules, and keep work area in a clean and orderly condition.
Key Accountabilities
Operate different types of computerized numerical controls (CNC) to manufacture a finished machined product by performing a wide range of machining operations within tight tolerances.
Inspect and document own work and other team members work for correct dimensions to ensure that company quality and quantity standards are maintained.
Perform as Team Leader to train less experienced machinists and cover for absenteeism.
Follow instructions from process sheets, blueprints, setup sheets, setup cards, machine status boards. At times help create to process documents.
Download and upload programs into machine and make programming adjustments as needed.
Set up and verify preset gauges for proper calibration as required.
Make the necessary adjustments to offset coordinates to compensate for materials, tooling or machine center conditions.
Perform advanced troubleshooting and make appropriate adjustments.
Machine and install or re-cut chuck jaws as required.
Insert and secure tooling in machine turrets.
Use hand tools and manual machines as needed.
Required to operate multiple machines concurrently.
Work with new product development team to assist with design for manufacturability.
Rotate between various department work centers as required and perform other related duties as assigne
Support continuous improvement lean activities.

Job Requirements
Minimum of 3-5 years of related experience, and knowledge of machining principles and methods for computer numerical controlled machine tools required.
Previous experience and demonstrated proficiency in operating CNC lathe, CNC mill machines (Fanuc Control is a plus), with advanced knowledge and experience with setting up machines. Lathe machines
Requires a high school education or equivalent experience.
Demonstrated ability to perform basic mathematical calculations.
Advanced skill in reading and interpreting blueprints and work instructions in English required.
External candidates will be required to pass a Machinist test which measures mechanical aptitude.
Moderate physical demand required to insert tooling, set up work centers, inspect workpieces and make machine adjustments, which is equivalent to continuously lifting or moving light weight material. Must be able to lift upto 50lbs. and stand for an entire shift.
Load and unload component piece parts with weights up to 200 lbs. using overhead crane.


Go to apply 

