Job Title = MACHINIST

Role Summary:The Machinist will perform various operations at customer sites inside a power plant. Power plants may be nuclear fueled. In this role, you must operate all types of machine tools and balancing equipment, involving close tolerance work, intricate, set ups, and development.
Essential Responsibilities:As the Machinist, you will:

Diagnose and correct mechanical trouble on mechanical and electrical equipment

Completely disassemble, realign and reassemble steam turbine components, replacing or repairing the various parts as required, including in these operations, among other things: removing and reinstalling turbine wheels, rebucketing of rotors, nozzle scrapping, operating machine tools as necessary to repair parts, silver solder, brazing and red dye inspection as required

Machine or build parts from samples or drawings, set up and lay out work from prints
Qualifications/Requirements:

High School Diploma / GED

Minimum of 3 years of experience operating machining equipment (i.e., boring bars, vertical boring mills, horizontal boring mills, Mazaks and/or other equipment used to support repairs operation / manufacturing operation)
ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS:

Ability and willingness to accept all domestic and international assignments, including nuclear plant work

Ability and willingness to travel 100% of the time

Legal authorization to work in the U.S. is
required. We will not sponsor individuals
for employment visas, now or in the future, for this job opening
Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a drug screen (as applicable)
Desired Characteristics:

Minimum of 7 years of experience working inside a power plant supporting repairs, machining or other

Proficient with computers / software applications

Demonstrated strong EHS (Environmental, Health and Safety) values

Participation in all EHS programs and a champion of No Harm

Ability to conduct yourself in a professional manner at all times
To stay connected with exciting news and the latest job opportunities from GE businesses, follow us on twitter: @gecareers
About Us:GE Power is a world leader in power generation with deep domain expertise that helps customers deliver electricity from a wide spectrum of fuel sources. We are transforming the electricity industry with the digital power plant, the worlds largest & most efficient gas turbine, full balance of plant solutions and our data-leveraging software. Our innovative technologies and digital offerings help make power and water more affordable, reliable, accessible and sustainable.
GE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, gender (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, veteran status or any other characteristics protected by law.
Additional Eligibility Qualifications:GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening. Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a drug screen (as applicable).Additional Locations:United States;Massachusetts;


Go to apply 

