Job Title = Machinist

At PIC Group, Inc., our emphasis is on excellence. We recruit the strongest candidates in the power generation industry. Our industry experience helps us offer unmatched service and support to our consultants. As a global service provider, we continually seek talented individuals. PIC consultants benefit from training programs and a global family of seasoned professionals united under a common goal; to go beyond the job description each and every day.

Machinist (first shift)
Location: Louisville, KY
Job type: Permanent
Compensation: Up to $29.00 per hour (based upon experience)
Benefits: Medical, Dental and Vision

Position Duties:
Perform duties required to set up and operate manual mill or lathe and inspect parts.
Perform set up manual mills and/or lathes, such as: collect required tools, install tools into holders, locate and indicate chuck or install collet, etc.
Using hand tools, blueprint, process sheets, etc.
Operate manual mill/lathe: load material into chuck or collet, machine parts, such as: drill, rough and finish bore, rough and finish turn, chamfer, tap, thread, face, knurl, part off, etc.
Unload and deburr part
Inspect parts with micrometers, hole test gauges, calipers, thread and plug gauges, indicators, telescoping depth gauges, etc.
Hold tolerances on diameters and concentrically per print
Complete quality checks as required
Use arbor press to install bearings and surface and wheel grinders to make special tools and to sharpen tools
Check and maintain oil and coolant levels, clean out chip pan, clean and oil ways, etc.
Perform other duties as trained/required

Position Qualifications:
Recent Tech School Graduate or 2 + years of directly related experience

We are proud to offer competitive wages and benefits. Prior to beginning work, all applicants must be willing to submit to a drug and alcohol screen as well as a background check, inclusive of criminal. We seek out and employ talented individuals who meet the qualifications for each position. PIC Group, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Due to the large number of responses we receive to our postings, only those applicants with the required experience and qualifications will be contacted.


Go to apply 

