Job Title = Machinist

Company Overview:
If a culture of excellence, innovation and ownership is what you’re searching for, consider putting your experience in motion at Flowserve.
As an individual contributor, or as a leader of people, your enterprise mindset will ensure Flowserve’s position as the global standard in comprehensive flow control solutions. Here, your opportunity for professional development and
industry leading rewards will be supported by our foundational commitments to the values of people first, integrity and safety.
Thinking beyond opportunity and reward, at Flowserve, we are inspired by working together to create extraordinary flow control solutions to make the world better for everyone!
Position Description:
Role Summary:
The Machinist needs to be safety minded and have good communication skills. The Machinist can distribute work, provide instructions, handle inventory tooling to the machine shop and welding personnel while at the same time being able to complete their own work. Responsible for setting up and machining parts and components to all pumps, decoking equipment on any machine in the shop. You will follow instructions from a router and machining procedures to perform the machining process, then uses inspection equipment to check dimensions and records the number of appropriate print and inspection to related pump.
This position reports to the Manufacturing Manager of our Fairfield, NJ, pump repair facility.
Essential Responsibilities:

Drawing reading and interpretation.

Machine parts using horizontal boring mills, vertical lathes, engine lathes, mills, grinders and drill presses

Ability to hold tolerances within .0005"

Inspect parts using micrometers, gauges, etc..

Ability to machine a variety of metals such as 300 and 400 series stainless steels, Inconel 625 and 718, carbon steel

Tooling: insert selection, speeds and feeds

Follow Process & Procedures

Training less skilled employees

Must be available to work weekends and Overtime as needed.

Ensure time cards are properly filled out with accurate data.
Position Requirements:
Qualifications/Requirements:

Have several years in lead role in general machining area.

Good communication skills

Can set up, run and instruct with O.D. I.D grinding, manual Lathe, manual boring mill, Bridgeport, and measuring equipment.

Have Basic computer skills

Have general knowledge of machine maintenance
Preferences:
Preferred Experience/Characteristics:

5 plus years in lead role in general machining area.

Journeyman’s papers

Apprenticeship program in machining

Trade school degree in machining or welding area


Go to apply 

