Job Title = Engineer

Amgen is a leading human therapeutics company in the biotechnology industry. For more than 35 years, the company has tapped the power of scientific discovery and innovation to advance the practice of medicine. As a Fortune 500 company serving millions of patients, Amgen continues to be an entrepreneurial, science-driven enterprise dedicated to helping people fight serious illness.

As an Engineer in the Drug Substance Technology & Engineering Team, you will be responsible for the technology transfer and commercial support of biologics drug substance processes across the network, including both the Amgen manufacturing network and/or Contract Manufacturing Organizations. You will work as a member of a team of engineers and scientists, as you use engineering principles to implement manufacturing process in a cGMP environment.

Job Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Provide solutions to a variety of technical problems of moderate scope and complexity.
Evaluate (under general supervision),, select and apply standard engineering techniques and procedures. Assistance given for unusual problems.
Perform assignments that have clear and specific objectives and require investigation of limited number of variables.
Initiate and complete routine technical tasks.
Perform as a technical expert to equipment or systems regarding troubleshooting operations. Frequently become actively involved in daily operations when required to meet schedules or to resolve complex problems.
Monitor routine manufacturing processes for performance indicators and operations. Suggest problem resolution and provide troubleshooting guidance.
Apply engineering principles and statistical analysis, including design of experiments, in-order to solve processing issues and evaluate opportunities for process improvements
Work with research, manufacturing, maintenance, process development, utilities, facilities, quality assurance and/or validation departments in developing requirements and recommendations for processes and/or system modifications.
Work under the direct supervision of project managers to complete design, engineering, and construction projects within schedule and budget constraints.
Work with consultants, architects and engineering firms on development of standard design documents.
Communicate and collaborate with technical and management staff within Manufacturing, Process Development, and Quality departments.
Support non-standard shift organization and extended hours, as per business needs.

Basic Qualifications

Master's degree
OR
Bachelor's degree and 2 years of Engineering or Operations experience

OR
Associate's degree and 6 years of Engineering or Operations experience

OR
High school diploma / GED and 8 years of Engineering or Operations experience

Preferred Qualifications

Education background in Chemical Engineering, Bioengineering or Biotechnoloy
2+ years of experience in a Process Development/Process Engineering environment, with specific experience in the implementation and support of biopharmaceutical manufacturing processes.
Experience in process scale-up and technology transfer from laboratory to pilot and/or manufacturing scale
Experience working with commercial manufacture of biologics using single use technology
Basic understanding cGMP requirements
Experience related to upstream and/or downstream biologics process development technology transfer, scale-up and ongoing manufacturing of biologics (cGMP). This includes technical support for nonconformance investigations and other commercial support activities
Experience in working with design and optimization of pharmaceutical processing unit operations including cell expansion, harvest, clarification, Protein A, IEX, SEC, TFF, UFDF, and sterile filtration among others for a variety of biological molecules
Experience in the analysis of data generated from a variety of analytical techniques
Regulatory knowledge and interactions
Project management skills
Strong oral and verbal communication and presentation skills

Amgen is an Equal Opportunity employer and will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status.

Join Us

If you're seeking a career where you can truly make a difference in the lives of others, a career where you can work at the absolute forefront of biotechnology with the top minds in the field, you'll find it at Amgen.

Amgen, a biotechnology pioneer, discovers, develops and delivers innovative human therapeutics. Our medicines have helped millions of patients in the fight against cancer, kidney disease, rheumatoid arthritis and other serious illnesses.

As an organization dedicated to improving the quality of life for people around the world, Amgen fosters an inclusive environment of diverse, ethical, committed and highly accomplished people who respect each other but compete intensely to win. Together, we live the Amgen values as we continue advancing science to serve patients.

Amgen is an Equal Opportunity employer and will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status.

Permanent


Go to apply 

