Job Title = Machinist

Email Me This Job
General Summary :
The Plant Machinist supports the tool and die needs of the production and maintenance departments. The normal work week is approximately 50 hours if business demands require overtime. In addition, weekends are scheduled as needed based on production demands. In addition to the following, other duties may be assigned.
Principal Duties and Responsibilities:
Sets up and operates machines for the construction, maintenance, repair and alteration of tooling, machinery and machine parts.
Enters work related data into Oracle
Follows ISO procedures relating to job function
Inspects own work and prepares inspection report
Participates actively in shop 5S program
Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities Required
Must have basic skills on manual lathes, mills, drill presses, saws and bench and surface grinders.
Proficient in the use of micrometers, calipers, dial indicators and other standard machine shop measuring devices.
CNC experience is desirable
Tool making experience is desirable
Reads and works from blueprints, drawings and sketches.
Two (2) years of industrial machinist experience.
Associates degree in Machine Tool field is desirable
Attendance and punctuality are essential functions of this position. Any unscheduled absence or tardy will have a negative impact on our ability to meet our production objectives.
Physical aspects of the job are defined on the Physical Demands Analysis located in HR.
Disclaimer Statement: Job description is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all job duties and/or knowledge, skills, and abilities required, but a description of the job's most important elements. Nothing in this description restricts management's right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time. ZEUS INDUSTRIAL PRODUCTS

* Fields Are Required
What is your full name? First Name Last Name
How can we contact you? Email Phone Number Number Type I agree to ExactApplicant's Applicant Information Use Policy.* Apply for this Position

Sign Up For Job Alerts!

Name You must write a name. Email You must write a valid email. Location (city, state or zip code) You must select a location. I agree to the terms of service and privacy policy. You must accept the terms of service and privacy policy.
Would you like Refer.io to send you similar jobs from other employers?
Please type the job title you are interested in: Job title You must type a job title.
We'll send some jobs to you in the next 30 minutes. If you don't see them, check your spam folder. Resume Input Select file Resume File You must select a file. Thank you for subscribing to receive job alerts.
You should start receiving emails in the next week.
Your file is uploading. Please wait a few seconds.
Enter your phone number if you'd like to receive job alerts for in via text message. Phone number You must type a phone number.
Please indicate if you agree to Refer.io's Subscriber Communication Policy . Please indicate if you agree to Refer.io's Subscriber Communication Policy. You must agree to our Subscriber Communication Policy in order to receive text messages from Refer.io.
Refer.io can assist in your job search. Please answer the following questions to amplify your search results. Education status You must select an education status answer. Work status You must select a work status answer. Job search status You must select a job search status answer. Seeking for You must select a seeking status answer. Job type You must select a job type answer.
powered by Refer.io
Share This Page
LinkedIn AddThis 0Share


Go to apply 

