Job Title = Machinist

If you're looking for a special place to build or grow your career, you've found it. Whether you're an experienced professional, a recent college graduate or somewhere in between, IDEX is a place where you can apply your existing skills and learn new ones in an environment where you can make an impact.

With interesting opportunities in engineering, marketing, sales, supply chain, operations, HR, finance, and more across more than 40 diverse businesses around the globe, chances are, we have something special for you.

Job Description and Responsibilities

The Machinist will perform component part and assembly fabrications that are complex in nature where considerable judgment and initiative are required in resolving problems and making recommendations.

Essential Job Functions

Fabricate prototype parts and assemblies to support engineering new product development efforts. v Work from sketches, redlined drawings, verbal instructions, etc.

Fabricate tooling to support both production and machine shop operations.

Fabricate production parts in relatively low quantities to support Materials.

Assist with design of prototype parts and tooling when requested.

Determine methods and procedures consistent with producing the requested parts.

Order and maintain the stock of perishable tooling (drills, end mills, etc.) for machine shop use.

Order and maintain raw materials for machine shop use.

Help the junior machinist when appropriate.

Clean and maintain the machine tools in proper working order.Working Conditions:

The working conditions described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Exposure to machine shop and manufacturing environments.

Skills/Aptitude:

* Strong English both written and oral communication.

* Aptitude to interpret engineering drawings, specifications and possess the ability to fabricate to GD&T (ASME Y14.5 – 1994) design requirements.

* Possess a working knowledge of higher level math including trigonometry. Should be able to calculate angles and lengths of the sides of triangles by hand or with the use of a calculator.

* Basic computer skills required, preferably some knowledge of MS Excel and MS Word.

* Must possess the ability to train others as to the proper setup and use of tools and equipment involved in machining.

* Must be able to accurately and properly inspect parts to blueprint specifications using a variety of inspection devices such as calipers, drop gages, micrometers, optical comparators, gage pins, surface plate work thread gages, and VCMM.

* Ability to work with machines and power tools including and not limited to Engine lathe, Knee Mill Surface/Tool grinder, belt sander, drill press, vertical and horizontal power saws.

* Specific knowledge of and adherence to Company Safety procedures and general knowledge of MSDS.

Machine Description:

TSUGAMI TMA8 (C)

High Precision 5-Axis Turning and Machining Center

Fanuc 18iTA Control

Twin Spindles with Indexing Tool spindle

60 Tool storage w/ KM40 tool holder

Are you ready to join a different kind of company where our people, our culture, and our commitments are centered around providing trusted solutions that improve lives around the world?
SDL2017


Go to apply 

