Job Title = Machinist

Job Description :
The machinist operates conventional machine tools to manufacture or alter components per engineering drawing, sketches, or verbal instruction from the department supervisor and/or other officers of the company
The machinist will be trained to operate LPB processing equipment and should be capable of documenting operations and inspections on appropriate forms, performing routine maintenance on machine tools, and performing housekeeping duties.
Regular attendance is an essential function of the job.
Job Requirements :
Care and use of precision measuring tools (micrometers, indicators, calipers, height gages, surface plates, gage blocks, etc.)
Care and use of standard hand tools (wrenches, pliers, files, deburring tools, scales, squares, protractors, etc.)
Bench operation, including: Layout, sawing, deburring, filing, tapping, reaming, fitting, and assembly.
Metal cutting: Operate conventional machine tools, calculate appropriate speeds and feeds for material being cut, perform basic setup and operation of common machine tools (saws, mills, lathes, drill presses, surface grinders, etc.) and follow standardized work instructions.
Inspection/Quality Assurance: Inspect parts for conformation to engineering drawings using precision measuring tools, record actual size on inspection forms, and document manufacturing operations on appropriate forms.
Perform miscellaneous QA duties as needed.
Fundamental skills: Machine shop safety, blueprint reading, and machine shop math.
The ability to write and edit simple CNC programming is a plus.
Machinist must maintain a professional appearance, have a positive attitude, and be able to work as a team player in a culturally diverse environment.
Must possess a minimum of a high school diploma or G.E.D. and have a minimum of three years machinist related experience. For those who possess a certificate of completion from an appropriate trade school or college program, a minimum of two years machinist-related experience is required.
Compensation / Pay Rate (Up to): Depending on experience


Go to apply 

