Job Title = Machinist

When a Soldier needs a part made or repaired right away, they look to Machinists for assistance. Army National Guard Machinists utilize their knowledge, skills, and expertise to repair broken parts, modify old ones, or fabricate replacements for all equipment.

They achieve this by operating lathes, drill presses, grinders, welding gear, and other machine shop equipment. Duties could include: working with these tools, as well as measuring work with calipers, micrometers, and rulers; studying blueprints or written plans of the parts to be made; cutting metal stock using a variety of tools; using drill presses; and shaping and smoothing parts.

Job Duties
• Utilize machines such as engine lathes, utility grinders, power cutoff saws, hydraulic presses, drill presses, oxyacetylene, electric arc, inert gas welding machines and their associated attachments, accessories, and tools

Some of the Skills You'll Learn
• Use of different metals
• Safety procedures

Helpful Skills
• Interest in math, general science, metal working, and mechanical drawing
• Interest in making things and finding solutions to mechanical problems

Through your training, you will develop the skills and experience to enjoy a civilian career with civilian factories and repair shops in many industries, including the electrical product, automotive, and heavy machinery industries.

Earn While You Learn
Instead of paying to learn these skills, get paid to train. In the Army National Guard, you will learn these valuable job skills while earning a regular paycheck and qualifying for tuition assistance.

Job training for a Machinist consists of 10 weeks of Basic Training, where you'll learn basic Soldiering skills, and 13 weeks of Advanced Individual Training, including practice in machine operation. Part of this time is spent in the classroom and part in the field.

Benefits/Requirements
Benefits

Paid training
A monthly paycheck
Montgomery GI Bill
Federal and State tuition assistance
Retirement benefits for part-time service
Low-cost life insurance (up to $400,000 in coverage)
401(k)-type savings plan
Student Loan Repayment Program (up to $50,000, for existing loans)
Health care benefits available
VA home loans
Bonuses, if applicable
Most non-prior service candidates will earn between $200 and $250 per drill weekend, subject to change
Requirements
Military enlistment in the Army National Guard
Must be at least a junior in high school, or have a high school diploma or a GED certificate
Must be between the ages of 17 and 35
Must be able to pass a physical exam and meet legal and moral standards
Must meet citizenship requirements (see NATIONALGUARD.com for details)

Requires military enlistment. Programs and benefits are subject to change. Ask your Army National Guard recruiter for the most up-to-date information. Actual MOS assignment may depend on MOS availability.

This position may qualify for a bonus, ask your National Guard recruiter for the most up-to-date information.


Go to apply 

