Job Title = Machinist

Viant is a global strategic manufacturing partner that helps medical device OEMs bring complex medical devices and components to market. Our deep materials expertise, combined with our experience in design, manufacturing, assembly, and packaging, allow us to bring our customers’ medical technology solutions to life. With nearly 6,000 associates across 24 locations worldwide, we are the perfect combination of big company scale and small company attention. For more information, visit

Job Summary: The primary purpose of this job is to set up, operate, and maintain CNC equipment to manufacture precision parts.

Accountabilities & Responsibilities:

Adheres to Viant’s Values and all safety, environmental, security and quality requirements including, but not limited to: Quality Management Systems (QMS), Safety, Environmental and Security Management Systems, U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) regulations, company policies and operating procedures, and other regulatory requirements.

Operates and sets up CNC shop equipment with minimal assistance.

Accountable for meeting cycle time and yield expectations.

Ability to simultaneously operate more than one machine as required.

Sharpens and changes tooling as needed to maintain tolerances, may give input or recommendations. Makes minimal adjustments and monitors assigned equipment to ensure dimensional part integrity.

Able to preset tooling for setups and tool breakages during normal operations.

Maintains tooling following established tool life guide lines.

Troubleshoots and corrects problem with minimal assistance.

Deburrs, buffs or sands parts to meet requirements to print specifications as required.

Verifies the revision level for current operations.

Verifies documentation and accuracy of completed operations.

Inspects parts visually and dimensionally using inspection equipment and techniques to ensure conformance to requirements.

Completes all applicable documentation for current operations.

Required to follow quality procedures to ensure traceability and segregation of materials as required.

Practices 5S principles on a daily basis.

Perform preventative machine maintenance as required.

Performs other duties as assigned.

Education & Experience:

Minimum Education: High school graduate or equivalent.

MUST be 18 years of age or older
Viant provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, marital status, amnesty, or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws. Viant complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities.


Go to apply 

