Job Title = Machinist

Viant is a global strategic manufacturing partner that helps medical device OEMs bring complex medical devices and components to market. Our deep materials expertise, combined with our experience in design, manufacturing, assembly, and packaging, allow us to bring our customers’ medical technology solutions to life. With nearly 6,000 associates across 24 locations worldwide, we are the perfect combination of big company scale and small company attention. For more information, visit

Set-up and operate most jobs on (i.e. 2 and 3 tools) conventional machines with both fixturing and/or standard set-ups within a value stream/cell with minimal supervision in accordance to set-up sheet, blueprints and operation sheets per customer requirements.
Train Operators and Machinists on all aspects (i.e. set-ups, tear downs, bar loaders) of conventional machining and proper inspection methods.
Provide leadership and guidance to Operators and Machinists on the shift.
Trouble-shoots and adjusts set-ups as necessary, document changes per procedure.
Make adjustments to maintain dimensional integrity.
Ensure machine and inspection set-up are adequate for the products.
Inspection of work with minimal assistance.
Document set-ups on set-up sheets.
Verify the revision level for the current operation (operation sheets, blueprints).
Verify counts and all applicable documentation for completion of previous operations.
Complete all applicable documentation for the current operation
Up-date Job travelers with changes to routings and run-times.
Complies with work rules including those pertaining to safety, health, quality system, and Quality Management System.
Participates on various teams to achieve performance metrics and continuous improvement.
Maintains machine maintenances and log. Encourages associates to use the idea board.

Openings on 2nd (3pm-11pm), 3rd (11pm-7am) and weekend shift (5am-5pm or 5pm-5am)

Viant provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, marital status, amnesty, or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws. Viant complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities.


Go to apply 

