Job Title = Machinist

AMEWAS, Inc., a growing Department of Defense (DoD)/ Federal Contractor, is seeking highly motivated and talented Machinist. This position is on a SCA contract which is subject to the terms and conditions of the McNamara-O Hara Service Contract Act (SCA).
Location:
Patuxent River, Maryland #1 City Hiring the Most High-Tech Workers (California-Lexington Park, Maryland). To learn more about our surrounding location, please visit: Visit St. Mary s.
A typical day as a Machinist may include:
This position manufactures parts and items of equipment from raw stock of different kinds of metals, metal alloys and other materials, through the use of machine tools and precision handwork.
The work requires the set up and operation of most types of conventional machine tools such as lathes, vertical and horizontal boring mills; bench, plain, or universal milling machines; shapers; planers; internal and external grinders; thread grinders; and radial drills.
The work frequently requires the use of a variety of auxiliary machine tool attachments such as rotary vises, dividing heads, taper attachments, magnetic chucks, vertical milling heads, tapping attachments, rotary tables and others.
May participate in planning for manufacturing, kitting, or repair items by determining facilities, equipment, material and number and type of personnel required.
Qualifications and Experience:
A minimum of 5 years experience in performing the stated functions
DoD Secret security clearance
Education and Certifications:
High school diploma or equivalent
This position is classified as AMEWAS labor category Technician.
AMEWAS participates with E-Verify to confirm eligibility to work in the United States.
AMEWAS Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer for all including individuals with disabilities and protected veterans.
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Soft Skills & Competencies Required:
Customer-focused attitude with high level of professionalism and discretion. Ability to work effectively with management and part of a team to meet targets. Is reliable, possesses initiative, and works well as an individual or part of a team.
Physical Environment and Working Conditions:
The physical environment requires the employee to stand and walk throughout his/her workday, often bending over and picking up items less than 50 lbs. and/or operating machinery to assist in the movement of heavy objects such as fork lifts and dollies.
While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly exposed to moving mechanical parts. The employee is frequently exposed to outside weather conditions and risk of electrical shock. The noise level in the work environment is usually loud.
About the Organization
AMEWAS, Inc. is a small, Veteran owned company that has been providing excellent technical, engineering, administrative, and management services to the Department of Defense for more than 35 years. At AMEWAS we understand the need for a successful work/life balance and are focused not just on fulfilling customers needs, but ensuring our employees are a top priority as well.
Staying connected to our core values sets us apart from our competition! AMEWAS easily recognizes and rewards performance, dedication, and longevity. We are committed to investing in our employees and their future by providing them with competitive compensation, career development, optimum working conditions, and unique benefits.
AMEWAS has 4. 8/5 stars on Glassdoor! Check out our reviews
HERE
and see what other job seekers have to say!
Our excellent benefits and perks include:
Generous tuition and training assistance program
Relocation Assistance
Employee longevity recognition
Community involvement & outreach
Team building events
Wellness program
Paid vacation and sick leave
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Mobile service discount
Discounted gym membership
Medical, dental, vision, 401(k), Life/AD&D/STD/LTD insuranceIf interested, please submit your application.


Go to apply 

