Job Title = Machinist

Machinist
SC-Moncks Corner,United States
Group: Aerospace Group N. America
Job Family: Manufacturing
Job ID: 15477-1A
Posted: 2019-09-11
< Return to Search Results
Org Marketing Statement
With annual sales of $14.3 billion in fiscal year 2019, Parker Hannifin is the world's leading diversified manufacturer of motion and control technologies and systems, providing precision-engineered solutions for a wide variety of mobile, industrial and aerospace markets. The company has operations in 50 countries around the world. Parker has increased its annual dividends paid to shareholders for 63 consecutive fiscal years, among the top five longest-running dividend-increase records in the S&P 500 index.
Essential Functions
Sets up and operates various conventional and/or numerically controlled machining centers. Works from blueprints, sketches, planning sheets, verbal instructions, and/or engineering, tooling, or equipment information. Contributes to lean initiatives to increase productivity and reduce costs. Works independently with minimum guidance in a team environment.
Runs multiple machines efficiently, which may require simultaneous operations. Adapts or improvises tooling to accomplish results where operations require a broad knowledge of production machining technology, operating skills, and shop techniques together with diversified experience.
Implements manufacturing methods using standard production machines, materials, and tooling. May advise and assist with tooling design.
Makes complex setups, which may include multiple work piece stations, utilizing custom and standard holding devices.
Qualifications
High school diploma/GED required. Certification preferred. Minimum 5 years related experience in machining, including engine lathes, vertical mills, surface grinders.
Must be able to read blueprints and understand GD&T.
Must be able to use measuring tools including micrometers, calipers, height stands both electronic and Vernier, sine bars, indicators, rulers and gages.
Equal Employment Opportunity
Parker is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. Parker is committed to ensuring equal employment opportunities for all job applicants and employees. Employment decisions are based upon job related reasons regardless of race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, national origin, disability, gender identity, genetic information, veteran status, or any other status protected by law. U.S. Citizenship/Permanent Resident is required for most positions.
(Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran/VEVRAA Federal Contractor)
If you would like more information about Equal Employment Opportunity as an applicant under the law, please go to


Go to apply 

