Job Title = Technician

Seasonal to Permanent Opportunity
Earning Potential $40K + 1st year
At Orkin, our purpose is to help protect the world where we live, work, and play.
Our Service Technicians are committed to this purpose.
Orkin is the pest management industry leader. We offer extensive training for our Service Technicians who deliver valuable service to customers every day.
Are you interested in a chance to expand your knowledge and grow your career as well as your financial opportunities? Then check out our position that can turn into so much more!
The Successful Candidate Will . . .
Complete our award-winning training and learn the skills required to be responsible for the daily operation of a pest control service route
Follow a route schedule within assigned territory, ensuring timely and safe arrival at each customer
Operate a company vehicle safely and ensure cleanliness of the vehicle and equipment
Communicate with customers to ensure satisfaction and discuss additional services that meet customer needs for a complete pest management program
Serve as a problem solver for your customer by utilizing the in-depth training provided to decide on the most efficient and best overall pest solution for each customer's needs
Complete all required service-related documentation and leverage your hand held device provided for speed and accuracy
Serve as a key member of the local branch team!
We Offer…
Competitive pay and a company vehicle upon route assignment
Quality, comprehensive, paid training program
Why Orkin?
Founded in 1901, Orkin is a global residential and business service provider who provides the most accurate, comprehensive, and efficient pest management services for both residential and commercial customers
As the industry leader, we value PEOPLE, PROGRESS and PROFESSIONALISM
The Pest Management Industry is growing – and is a recession resistant line of business
Orkin is financially stable and growing as the largest subsidiary of Rollins, Inc., (NYSE: ROL), headquartered in Atlanta, GA
Are you ready to take your CAREER to the next level?

Requirements:
We require a good driving record and the ability to pass a drug screen. Candidates must meet physical job requirements and safely perform the following job duties with or without accommodations:
Safely use a ladder within the manufacturer's weight capacity
Lift and carry up to 50 lbs.
Safely access crawl spaces, attics, confined spaces, roof tops, etc.
Ability to work in all types of weather conditions
Keywords: competitive earnings, career, management, military, route manager, training, trainee, service, construction, driver, fleet, lawn, route, field, delivery, uniform, warehouse, retail, restaurant, hotel, apartment, uniform, route driverExperiencePreferred
Less than 1 year(s): Ability to manage route-based assignments
Less than 1 year(s): Ability to work in the field independently EducationRequired
High School/GED or betterLicenses & CertificationsRequired
Driver LicenseSkillsRequired
Driving
Follow Specifications
Problem Solving Ability
Flexibility
Communication
Customer ServiceBehaviorsRequired
Detail Oriented: Capable of carrying out a given task with all details necessary to get the task done well
Dedicated: Devoted to a task or purpose with loyalty or integrityPreferred
Loyal: Shows firm and constant support to a causeMotivationsPreferred
Financial: Inspired to perform well by monetary reimbursement
Job Security: Inspired to perform well by the knowledge that your job is safe
Goal Completion: Inspired to perform well by the completion of tasks
Self-Starter: Inspired to perform without outside help
Entrepreneurial Spirit: Inspired to perform well by an ability to drive new ventures within the business
Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities
The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. See job description


Go to apply 

