Job Title = Machinist

Redmond Waltz Manual Machinist Job Description Technical Skill Requirements: Experience with surge testing, megger testing and using a multi-meter.
The ability to read blueprints, schematics and shop drawings.
Experience using calipers and reading micrometers.
Manual Machinist and Mechanical experience.
Welding, armature winding or any experience with electric motors is helpful.
Operate specialized repair and testing equipment, including but not limited to: winding machines, test panels, surge testers, core-loss testers, cut-off saws, burnout ovens, bake ovens, grinders, cranes, tow motor, brazing units, dip tanks, VPI systems and various hand-held power and non-power tools.
The ability to read blueprints, schematics and shop drawings.
Experience using calipers and reading micrometers.
Own your own tools Great communication skills Work effectively with a team Flexible and adaptable to change Respectful towards others in communication and behavior Represents the company in a professional manner when dealing with customers, couriers, vendors, etc.
Energetic and positive Sees the strength in diversity, appreciates it and seeks it out.
Objectives Be physically fit enough to be able to stand for long periods, bend, twist, kneel and lift 50 lbs.
without injury.
Use at a basic level, computerized scanning devices, cameras and other common electronics.
Operate with total proficiency a manual lathe and milling machine.
Assist in repair of motors as dictated by supervisor.
Observe all safety procedures and policies and use proper protective equipment (eye, ear, steel toe shoes / boots, gloves, etc). Keep work area clean and organized.
Fill out paperwork completely and legibly.
Critically evaluate your own work so that it may be defect free.
Willing and able to work overtime, weekdays and weekends, and be available to respond to customer emergencies.
A Successful Redmond Waltz Employee is: Responsible - owns mistakes when they happen, comes through with commitments and is generally trustworthy.
Knows when help is needed and seeks it out.
Reliable - does what they say they are going to do.
Is consistent and dependable.
Helpful - is willing to pitch in to get the job done, even if it isn’t their “job”. Is considerate in their work habits so that other people are not intentionally impacted.
Flexible – is able to roll with the punches when priorities shift and tasks change.
Independent – doesn’t require constant monitoring to work.
Can initiate work and complete it even if no one is watching.
Attentive – is able to follow instructions both written and verbal.
Is able to understand the work well enough to discern when instructions don’t fit the task, or the task has changed, and is willing to ask for help.
Ethical and respectful – of the company, the work, the people that work here and the work they do and of course, the customers.
Salary will be commensurate with experience.
Benefits after 90 days Healthcare (70% company paid) Free Dental/Vision Simple IRA with matching funds Yearly Profit Sharing Bonuses Weekly Production Incentives Family Friendly Environment Company Celebrations throughout the year Continuing Education/Tuition Program Boot Policy and the best benefit of all being part of a team that supports each other and works toward shared and individual goals in a fun, flexible, and rewarding environment.
For extra points, like us/ follow us and send us a message so we know to look for your application: Twitter : RedmondWaltz


Go to apply 

