Job Title = Engineer

Who We Are
The Edgewater offers a proud revival of a historic hotel, committed to the trust and confidence we earn from our employees, customers, and partners. We are located in the heart of downtown Madison, next door to the University of Wisconsin-Madison, and within walking distance of the Capitol Square and downtown. We offer 202 rooms and the finest in luxury hotel services and amenities right on the water's edge of Lake Mendota. You will meet a wide variety of guests coming to stay with us for a few nights, joining us for a meal in one of our three restaurants, taking advantage of our salon and spa, or even just coming by to enjoy a special event. If you are looking to work at a hotel that is as welcoming and fun as the city of Madison itself, this is the place.

What We Accomplish Together
Edgewater Engineers are responsible for the efficiency, repairs, grounds, services and general maintenance for The Edgewater. They work hard to ensure continuous successful operations of the guest rooms and public spaces of the facilities. This includes but is not limited to install, troubleshoot, repair and maintain efficiency of facility equipment, and grounds according to safety, predictive and productive maintenance systems and processes. The Maintenance Technician ensures continuous successful operations of the physical quality of the facility that includes some janitorial duties to adhere to The Edgewater Standards.

What We Have
Flexible scheduling including days, nights and weekends.
A comprehensive benefit package including Medical, Dental and Vision coverage as well as Paid Time Off, 401K contribution matching and voluntary life insurance.
Discounts to our 3 onsite restaurants.
Discounts to our onsite Spa's services and retail as well as discounted stays at affiliated hotels.
Discounted onsite parking for full-time team members, discounted off-site parking for part-time team members, or a supplied Madison Metro bus pass.

Duties and Responsibilities
Assist in the continuous success of all engineering and facility maintenance to ensure highest quality efficiency and operations
Execute effective response to guest room requests, repairs, work orders and assignments in timely manner
Responsible for maintaining all guest rooms and public spaces to include flooring, window, doors, walls, plumbing fixtures, electrical outlets and lights
Support Maintenance Technicians and the engineering department
Follow job safety standards to ensure areas are safe, clean, and orderly
Follow guest room and public area preventative maintenance checklists to complete in a timely manner
Ability to trouble shoot and repair equipment and systems to satisfactory standard
Provide excellent customer service to hotel guests, vendors and employees
Recognize potential safety hazards and act upon them accordingly by reporting them to the Chief Engineer
Assist in special projects as assigned by the Chief Engineer
Be knowledgeable and efficient in HotSOS
Comply with safety regulations and maintain clean and orderly work areas
Other Duties as assigned
Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.
What You Have
Candidate must possess general computer operating knowledge
Basic understanding of low and high voltage electrical systems, plumbing and carpentry
Ability to troubleshooting electrical systems including entertainment systems and computers
Functional knowledge of hand and power tool use
High School Diploma or GED
Flexible schedule with potential to work holidays and weekends
Highly responsible individual with an ability to work within a team and as an individual
Experienced in equipment operations and preventative maintenance procedures
Ability to communicate effectively with guests, co-workers and management with both verbal and written communication skills
Ability to meet deadlines, handle multiple tasks, prioritize and problem solve creatively
Previous facilities maintenance or engineering services (Preferred)
Experience with HotSOS, InnComm, Opera PMS, Metasys & Lutron (Preferred)
Hotel/Hospitality experience (Preferred)
Experience in HVAC, Boiler, Water/Air Cooled Chiller maintenance (Preferred)
Certified Pool Operator or ability to acquire (Preferred)

Working Conditions
This position operates in several conditions and locations on and around property. While performing the duties of this job, the employee occasionally works in outside weather conditions. The employee occasionally works near moving mechanical parts and in high, precarious places and is occasionally exposed to wet and/or humid conditions, fumes or airborne particles, toxic or caustic chemicals, risk of electrical shock, and vibration. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate to loud. This position requires evening, weekend work, and may have some on-call hours.

Physical Requirements
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.
While performing the duties of this job hand-eye coordination is necessary to operate tools (both power and non-powered), computers and various pieces of mechanical equipment. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle, feel or operate objects, tools or controls; and reach with hands and arms. The employee is occasionally required to sit; climb or balance; stoop, kneel, crouch or crawl; talk or hear; and smell. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move objects up to 50 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and the ability to adjust focus. There is substantial repetitive motion of the wrists, hands and fingers.0


Go to apply 

