Job Title = 1st Shift CNC Turning/Lathe Set-Up Operator

Launch your career forward with a unique opportunity to play a vital role at a dynamic aerospace components manufacturer. At the HORST Engineering Family of Companies, the sky isn’t the limit. It’s just the beginning. For more than seventy years we have manufactured components that keep aircraft flying. With relentless precision and quality, we continuously improve and learn new ways to propel aerospace and the other high technology industries upward. And we make it all happen as a family. As a third generation family business, our commitment to our community has been the cornerstone of our success. We aren’t just made in the USA, we are made by the USA. And together, we lift you up.
The aerospace sector is experiencing fantastic growth and investment. We manufacture precision parts for some of the best OEM customers in the industry. Join a modern company that makes the critical hardware that helps keep commercial and military planes, helicopters, and rockets in the air. We help people fly safely.
Why join our team?
Work for an established 3rd generation family business with a strong Core Purpose and Core Values.
Work for a Senior Leadership Team that has established a multi-year growth plan
Engage with dynamic professional leadership that vigorously supports innovation.
Job Summary:
This first shift machine operator position is part of the Manufacturing Team and is based at Sterling Machine Company (Lynn, MA)
Responsibilities:
Set-up and operate CNC Lathes (2-axis and multi-axis) (e.g. Eurotech, Hardinge, Wasino, Okuma, etc.)
Will work with blueprints, operation sheets, and other work instructions
Requirements:
3 years of set-up experience minimum required
Experience with aerospace products and/or other close tolerance parts is a plus
Must be familiar with Fanuc and/or Okuma Controls
Must be able to set tools, change tools, edit programs
Must be able to use standard gauges and inspection techniques
Experience with SPC, inspection documentation, and problem solving is a plus


Go to apply 

