Job Title = Technician

Details

Open Date 06/13/2019

Requisition Number PRN20998B

Job Title Sr Laboratory Specialist

Working Title Technician

Job Grade E

FLSA Code Administrative

Patient Sensitive Job Code? No

Standard Hours per Week 40

Full Time or Part Time? Full Time

Shift Day

Work Schedule Summary

Monday – Friday

8am – 5pm

VP Area Academic Affairs

Department 00108 - Metallurgical Engineering

Location Campus

City Salt Lake City, UT

Type of Recruitment External Posting

Pay Rate Range 55,000 to 60,000

Close Date

Open Until Filled Yes

Job Summary

Independently performs maintenance and trains students on use of shared department laboratory equipment, specifically in the Crus Center for Metallurgical Engineering Student Research, but also including other student teaching labs managed by the department. The technician will report to the Chair of Metallurgical Engineering Department and work closely with the Crus Center Director.

Responsibilities

The technician will have the following job responsibilities:

1) Technical support for shared laboratory equipment

* Manage the Crus Center equipment use. This task includes processing samples for internal university and external customers, billing for use, training for equipment use, and writing/updating standard operating procedures (SOPs). Crus Center equipment includes SEM, XRD, BET, UV/Vis, Electrokinetic analyzer, 3D printers, and TGA / DSC .

* General Crus Center lab maintenance. This task includes ordering supplies (gloves, gases, etc.), updating chemical inventory, and general housekeeping.

* Basic equipment maintenance. This responsibility pertains to lab equipment located in the Crus Center in addition to shared and teaching equipment located in other department labs. This task includes general upkeep and troubleshooting of lab equipment, scheduling service contract visits when needed, and overseeing onsite contract maintenance.

2) Maintain a safe and healthy work environment in the Crus Center

* Developing and enforcing safe lab procedures in the Crus Center. This task includes ensuring that all lab users have undergone the correct university EHS trainings, any additional trainings for the equipment they are working with, and working with students to develop safe lab practices and/or writing their own SOPs. It also includes properly managing and disposing of hazardous waste.

* Performs the monthly lab safety walkthroughs. This task satisfies the monthly safety evaluations recommended by the College of Mines and Earth Sciences.

Minimum Qualifications

Bachelor's degree in an appropriate scientific discipline or equivalency, plus four years of related full-time laboratory experience required. Demonstrated human relations and effective communication skills also required.

Applicants must demonstrate the potential ability to perform the essential functions of the job as outlined in the position description.

Preferences

Preference will go to those who have a B.S. or higher degree in a science or engineering field or extensive experience and demonstrated proficiency operating and maintaining relevant scientific instrumentation.

Type Benefited Staff

Special Instructions Summary

Applicants should submit the following to be considered for the position:

1.Cover letter

2.Curriculum Vitae (CV) or resume

Additional Information

The University of Utah is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer and is committed to diversity in its workforce. In compliance with applicable federal and state laws, University of Utah policy of equal employment opportunity prohibits discrimination on the basis of race or ethnicity, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, veteran's status, status as a qualified person with a disability, or genetic information. Individuals from historically underrepresented groups, such as minorities, women, qualified persons with disabilities, and protected veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Veterans' preference is extended to qualified applicants, upon request and consistent with University policy and Utah state law.

To inquire about this posting, email: or call . Reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to qualified individuals with disabilities. To request an accommodation or for further information about University AA/EO policies, please contact the Office of Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action, 201 S. Presidents Cr., Rm 135, (V/ TDD ), email: .

The University is a participating employer with Utah Retirement Systems ("URS"). Eligible new hires with prior URS service, may elect to enroll in URS if they make the election before they become eligible for retirement (usually the first day of work). Contact Human Resources at for information. Individuals who previously retired and are receiving monthly retirement benefits from URS are subject to URS' post-retirement rules and restrictions. Please contact Utah Retirement Systems at or or University Human Resource Management at if you have questions regarding the post-retirement rules.

This position may require the successful completion of a criminal background check and/or drug screen.

The University is a participating employer with Utah Retirement Systems ("URS"). Eligible new hires with prior URS service, may elect to enroll in URS if they make the election before they become eligible for retirement (usually the first day of work). Contact Human Resources at for information. Individuals who previously retired and are receiving monthly retirement benefits from URS are subject to URS' post-retirement rules and restrictions. Please contact Utah Retirement Systems at or or University Human Resource Management at if you have questions regarding the post-retirement rules.This position may require the successful completion of a criminal background check and/or drug screen.
SDL2017


Go to apply 

