Job Title = Engineer

Description

JOB OVERVIEW:

Perform general maintenance work to ensure hotel maintenance quality standards are achieved and maintained.

ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:

Assist with preventative maintenance and complete report work orders such as replacing ceiling tiles, light bulbs, patching vinyl, etc., to maintain the hotel and keep the product quality standard.

Perform preventative maintenance assignments on a scheduled basis (e.g., "room care").

Assist in checking electrical systems such as air conditioning controls, television sets, lighting systems, and make minor repairs and/or replacement.

Assist in checking and making routine repairs and assist on major repairs of all hotel equipment including small appliances, kitchen equipment, laundry equipment, boilers, pool equipment, HVAC, hand and power tools and general plumbing systems and fixtures such as pipe lines, toilets and sinks, kitchen and laundry equipment.

Maintain the building exterior and "curb appeal" (e.g., snow removal, lawn care, painting, gardening).

Refurbish furniture and fixtures within guest rooms such as cabinets, tables, chairs, doors windows and counters. Paint and finish furniture and fixtures if needed.

Respond in a courteous manner to all guest questions, complaints, and/or requests to ensure strong guest satisfaction.

Exposure to extreme temperatures.

Operation of heavy machinery.

Comply with attendance rules and be available to work on a regular basis.

Perform any other job related duties as assigned.

REQUIRED SKILLS AND ABILITIES:

Must have the ability to communicate in English. Self-starting personality with an even disposition. Maintain a professional appearance and manner at all times. Can communicate well with guests. Must be willing to "pitch-in" and help co- workers with their job duties and be a team player. Climbing, reading, standing, walking and routinely lifting 25 lbs to 50 lbs. Must be able to receive instructions and communicate progress of work assignments.

PERFORMANCE STANDARDS

Customer Satisfaction:

Our customers are what we are about. One of the keys to a positive guest experience is positive interaction with Crescent staff. It is essential that you remain professional at all times, and that you treat all guests and associates with courtesy and respect, under all circumstances. Every Crescent associate is a guest relations ambassador, every working minute of every day.

Work Habits:

In order to maintain a positive guest and associate experience, your work habits should always meet and strive to exceed hotel standards for work procedures, dress, grooming, punctuality and attendance. You should be adaptable to change in your work area and in hotel procedures with a willingness to learn new skills and/or improve existing ones, have the ability to solve routine problems that occur on the job and ask for help whenever you are not sure how to do something.

Safety & Security:

The safety and security of our guests and associates is of utmost importance to Crescent. Every Crescent associate should adhere to the hotel security policies and procedures, particularly regarding key controls, lifting heavy objects, using chemicals, and effectively reporting safety hazards and safety concerns.

NOTE:

This description excludes non-essential and marginal functions of the position that are incidental to the performance of the fundamental job duties. Furthermore, the specific examples in each section are not intended to be all-inclusive. Rather, they represent the typical elements and criteria considered necessary to perform the job successfully. Other job-related duties may be assigned by the associate's supervisor.

Furthermore, this description is subject to change, in the sole discretion of the Company, and in no way creates an employment contract, implied or otherwise; each associate remains, at all times, an "at will" associate
SDL2017


Go to apply 

