Job Title = Technician

Technician

Location: Brunswick, Ohio

Job Summary

Process all orders according to the Weasy Travel Card. Main responsibility is prepare the coating system, load, unload the chamber, change the magnetic systems and input process parameters in the operator screen. This person will make critical decisions, processing decisions, to initiate the coating process as well as be responsible for disassembling and reconfiguring the chamber for subsequent loads.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

~Operating and maintaining coating technology equipment according to specifications

~Minimizing equipment downtime through preventative maintenance procedures

~Learning fixturing and de-fixturing techniques

~Maintaining and updating equipment records

~Providing training and assistance to other employees on equipment operation and maintenance

~Assisting with quality assurance and other technical matters as required

~Performing other duties as required to assure customer satisfaction

Additional Duties and Responsibilities:

~80 batch cleaning tasks on coating machines

~5S program in the coating room area

Minimum Qualifications Required:

~Must have high school diploma or equivalent

~Knowledge of cutting tools strongly desired

~Knowledge of vacuum technology, blasting, or plating strongly desired

About us

Oerlikon is a leading global technology Group, with a clear strategy of becoming a global powerhouse in Surface Solutions, advanced materials and materials processing. The Group is committed to investing in value-bringing technologies that provide customers with lighter, more durable materials that are able to increase performance, improve efficiency and reduce the use of scarce resources. A Swiss company with over 100 years of tradition, Oerlikon has a global footprint of over 15 000 employees at 186 locations in 37 countries and sales of CHF 2.85 billion. Sustaining growth and improving profitability in 2018: order intake to increase up to CHF 3.4 billion, sales to around CHF 3.2 billion, and the EBITDA margin to improve to around 15 % (after investments).

Oerlikon Balzers develops processes and systems for the coating of tools, components and decorative plastic elements. Comprising 106 locations in 34 countries, Balzers global network of coating centers is daily dedicated to further improving component performance and tooling productivity through coating technology. Join us and become a part of our future oriented, international team! We have a great benefits package including medical insurance, dental and vision, tuition reimbursement, health and wellness benefits, and 401(K).

Statement of Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action: Oerlikon Balzers is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. It is the policy of Oerlikon Balzers to provide for and promote equal employment opportunity in employment compensation and other terms and conditions of employment without discrimination based on age, race, creed, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, disability, marital status, Vietnam Era Veteran status, genetic predisposition, or carrier status. Oerlikon Balzers is committed to assuring equal employment opportunity and equal access to services, programs and activities for individuals with disabilities. It is the policy of our company to provide reasonable accommodation to a qualified individual with a disability to enable such individual to perform the essential functions of the position for which he/she is applying or in which he/she is employed. Further, it is our policy to provide reasonable accommodation for religious observers.

The policy applies to all employment practices and actions. It includes, but is not limited to, recruitment, job application process, examination and testing, hiring, training, disciplinary actions, rate of pay or other compensation, advancement, classification, transfer, reassignment and promotions. If you require an accommodation during the application process or for issues concerning Affirmative Action/Equal Employment Opportunity please contact Human Resources.

* CA

* EQOB
SDL2017


Go to apply 

