Job Title = Boring Mill Operator

THE JOB
Looking for a fast-paced, forward-thinking machining and fabrication shop where your skills are fully appreciated? You are in the right place! Envision Machine & Manufacturing was founded by metalworkers just like you, and we are committed to being the best employer you will ever have.
We have grown quickly to a point where we now adding a boring mill to the lineup of equipment. We are looking for a skilled machinist who has the integrity and drive to help us make this new endeavor a success. As a boring mill operator, you would work closely with the welders and machining supervisor to assure on time delivery and the highest quality product.
You would start with a few weeks of paid training until you are ready to fly on your own. After that, you would be expected to work 8-10-hour shifts Monday through friday, from about 6am to 4:30pm.
Your days at Envision would consist of:
Retrieving, editing, and programming CAD/CAM data.
Interpreting part drawings to determine proper setup
Setting up and operating Giddings and Lewis boring mill with heidenhain controls.
Machining metallic and non-metallic parts to specified tolerances (often up to +/- .002)
Regulating and calculating machining factors (speeds, feeds, and depth and angle of cut)
Setting up weldments for machining without warping the workpiece.
You would most often be working with the following materials:
Low Carbon Steel – 1018, A36
Stainless Steels – 303, 304, 316, 316L, 416, 420, 17-4PH
Aluminum – 6061, MIC-6, APT5
You must have the following to be considered for this position:
3-5 years’ experience with CNC mills and CAM software
Heidenhain controls experience is a plus
Experience setting up weldments for machining.
Proven ability to control fit, form, and function
THE BENEFITS
At Envision, we not only do our best to acknowledge a job well done, but we also put our money where our mouth is by providing above average pay and benefits. Producing the best quality work for our customers requires a dedicated team focused on doing their best work. We know that the only way to do that is by treating them how they want to be treated. Some of the benefits we offer include:
$24-$30/hour depending on experience level
Flexible overtime as needed
Paid vacation and holidays
Quarterly bonuses (based on net profit)
401K matching (dollar for dollar up to 4%)
Health insurance (we pay 80%)
Tuition reimbursement
Opportunities for professional growth & advancement
Annual family gatherings
Free team lunch once per week
THE CULTURE
We want our people to be the best they can be, so we offer training and apprenticeship opportunities to help you grow. We always encourage project ownership and free sharing of ideas. We are selective about who we hire, and oftentimes personality trumps experience. Skills and techniques are teachable, but one bad attitude can ruin the whole team’s dynamic. We want our people to bring out the best in each other. These are some of the qualities we look for in new team members:
Integrity
Honesty
Respect
Accountability
Responsibility
Adaptability
Diligence
Enthusiasm
If these qualities describe you and you’re ready to become part of a killer metalworking team, we want to meet you. Contact us today to set up an interview.


Go to apply 

