Job Title = Machinist

Position Description
2nd shift
Set up and operate a variety of machine tools to produce precision parts and instruments which includes precision instrument makers who fabricate, modify, or repair mechanical instruments. May also fabricate and modify parts to make or repair machine tools or maintain industrial machines, applying knowledge of mechanics, mathematics, metal properties, layout, and machining procedures.
Position Requirements
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Calculate dimensions or tolerances, using instruments such as micrometers or vernier calipers.

Machine parts to specifications, using machine tools, such as lathes, milling machines, shapers, or grinders.

Set up, adjust, or operate basic or specialized machine tools used to perform precision machining operations.

Align and secure holding fixtures, cutting tools, attachments, accessories, or materials onto machines.

Measure, examine, or test completed units to check for defects and ensure conformance to specifications, using precision instruments, such as micrometers.

Monitor the feed and speed of machines during the machining process.

Maintain machine tools in proper operational condition.

Study sample parts, blueprints, drawings, or engineering information to determine methods or sequences of operations needed to fabricate products.

Operate equipment to verify operational efficiency.

Check work pieces to ensure that they are properly lubricated or cooled
Must be a US Citizen or a US Permanent Resident per ITAR regulations.
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.

Job ID #: 6505
Location: Ohio - Hillsboro
Functional Area: Technical and Production
Department: HIL Hillsboro-C&H
Position Type: Full-Time Regular
Education Required: High School Diploma
Experience Required: 1 - 3 Years


Go to apply 

