Job Title = Machinist

Class A machinist making machine parts for in-house production of manufacturing machinery. Primarily using Lathes and manual Bridgeport style milling machines. Other typical machine shop duties such as grinding, tapping, drilling etc.

Machines parts from blueprints using standard machining practices, efficiently, accurately and safely.

Works with engineers solving issues with parts or during machine assembly or troubleshooting.

Tracks work accurately.

Must be adept at using all measuring instruments, micrometers, calipers, dial indicators etc.

Must hold tolerances according to blueprint.

Creation of tooling fixtures as necessary.

Selection of proper tools and sequence of operation.

Maintains equipment properly including any cleaning or lubrication.

Maintains a clean and safe work area.

Removes burrs or excess metal from machined parts.
Competencies: To perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies:

Job Knowledge - Competent in required job skills and knowledge; exhibits ability to learn and apply new skills; keeps abreast of current developments; requires minimal supervision; displays understanding of how job relates to others; uses resources effectively.

Use of Technology - Demonstrates required skills; adapts to new technologies; troubleshoots technological problems; uses technology to increase productivity; keeps technical skills up to date.

Cooperation - Exhibits tact and consideration; offers assistance and support to co-workers.

Oral Communication - Listens and gets clarification; responds well to questions.

Teamwork - Balances team and individual responsibilities; gives and welcomes feedback.

Attendance/Punctuality - Is consistently at work and on time; arrives at meetings and appointments on time.

Dependability - Follows instructions, responds to management direction; takes responsibility for own actions; keeps commitments; commits to long hours of work when necessary to reach goals; completes tasks on time or notifies appropriate person with an alternate plan.

Initiative - Asks for and offers help when needed.

Quality - Demonstrates accuracy and thoroughness; looks for ways to improve and promote quality; applies feedback to improve performance; monitors own work to ensure quality.

Quantity - Meets productivity standards; completes work in timely manner; strives to increase productivity; works quickly.

Safety and Security - Observes safety and security procedures; determines appropriate action beyond guidelines; reports potentially unsafe conditions; uses equipment and materials properly.
Education and/or Experience
Technical degree or equivalent; or seven to ten years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Language Skills

Ability to read and comprehend simple instructions, short correspondence, and memos.

Ability to write simple correspondence.

Ability to effectively present information in one-on-one and small group situations to customers, clients, and other employees of the organization.
Mathematical Skills
Ability to add, subtract, multiply, and divide in all units of measure, knowledge of common fractions, and decimals.
Certificates, Licenses, Registrations
Any welding, design, sheet metal, CNC knowledge, manufacturing certifications a plus, but not required.
Physical Demands:

While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms; stoop, kneel, crouch, crawl and speak and hear.

The employee is occasionally required to climb or balance.

The employee must regularly lift and/or move up to 10 pounds, frequently lift and/or move up to 25 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds.

Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus.
External Company Name: D'Addario
External Company URL:
Street: 595 Smith Street


Go to apply 

