Job Title = Engineer

Role: Engineer
Job Id: 50491
Location: Ofallon, MO
Responsibilities:
Have you ever developed or maintained a website using HTML and CSS?
Have you ever been an editor or administrator of a content management system or a learning management system?
Are you a problem-solver who likes technical challenges?
Do you have a passion for working with leading-edge technologies?
Do you like working in a fast-paced, collaborative environment with others from around the world?
Are you interested in making a difference in thousands of employees' lives and careers?
ROLE
Adds and updates content for our centrally-managed, employee HR portal.
Liaises with numerous content providers from all over the world.
Ensures content aligns to Style Guidelines while enforcing governance.
Creates & maintains presentations and documentation.
Assists with website traffic analysis & optimization.
Supports customer experience initiatives.
Assists with incorporating new technologies.
Provides customer support and assists with other systems as needed.
REQUIRED CANDIDATE QUALIFICATIONS (must have)
A minimum of a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science or equivalent experience (is able to demonstrate an expert level of expertise with HTML and CSS).
Is able to demonstrate an intermediate level of experience with content or learning management systems (WordPress, Blackboard, Drupal, Joomla, Moodle, etc., with a preference for SharePoint).
An excellent command of the English language.
Works well with others, having an intermediate level of negotiation skills.
Excellent time & project management skills.
Can manage multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment.
Solid critical thinking and decision-making skills.
Able to follow instructions and accept feedback.
Consistently and reliably produces quality work, following quality controls.
A high level of attention to detail is critical for this position, including proof-reading abilities.
OPTIONAL CANDIDATE QUALIFICATIONS (nice to have)
Graphic design skills
Intermediate level of experience with Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator


Apply now

