Job Title = Machinist

Description

Employees at L3 CSW create solutions that save lives. Join our team and make a difference.
Just who is L3 Communication Systems-West (L3 CSW)? With over 3400 employees, we are one of Utah s top employers. Our smart devices send mission-critical data into armed conflicts to help our troops stay safe by staying in touch with key information. We ve taken large communications systems ground based, mobile, satellite, surveillance and reconnaissance and developed new ways to make them smaller and more capable.
Why should you work at L3 CSW? Not only can you make life-saving differences for our troops, but at L3 CSW, you can have a flexible work schedule, buy up to 80 hours of extra vacation hours, access an on-site nurse practitioner, work out in our on-site fitness center, eat in our on-site cafes with healthy food discounts, ride our campus shuttles, take advantage of our tuition reimbursement, access L3 Perks, and so much more!
Who works at L3 CSW? We are committed to diversity in every aspect of our business. Our inclusive culture welcomes all employees and values their unique contributions to our success. For L3 CSW, diversity just makes good business sense.
Are you ready to be L3 CSW?Join us as we keep our nation and troops safe by providing life-saving solutions for use on sea, land, air, and space.Position Profile: Performs a variety of manufacturing operations related to fabrication and/or machining of precision sheet metal and/or precision parts for use in the electronic industry and/or manufacturing assembly.
Competencies: The Machinist will perform a wide variety of machining operations to close tolerances. They must be able to work independently, without direction, with all types of processes and prototype development instructions including prints, sketches, schematics, memos, notes etc. They must have a through knowledge in the operation of all metal working tools and machines, and the ability to determine the most efficient and economical methods of producing all materials and hardware related to or used in the construction of dies, fixtures, gauges, gigs, and tools.
Performs machining tasks per documentation
Ability to construct, modify or repair a wide variety of product parts, subassemblies and related tooling
Performs close tolerance precision machining operations during development and production states
Ability to set up and operate a variety of machine equipment
Understands and complies with customer specification in part manufacturing
Understands and uses a wide variety of mathematical functions applicable to work tasks.
Comprehensive knowledge of Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerances (GD&T)*LI-RM1
Qualifications

Education/Certification: Completion of two (2) years related technical school or equivalent.
Must meet and maintain internal qualification for this position.
Special Requirements:
Shift placement may be dependent upon candidate s skills and experience.
Must be willing to work overtime,and/or weekends as required
Physical effort will range from light to heavy lifting and may include occasional heavy lifting up to 75 lbs. standing, bending, stooping, and reaching for extended periods of time.
May include exposure to oils, moderate noise levels, grinding and machining dust and chips, sharp edges and some variation in temperature.Due to the nature of our work this position may require the ability to obtain and maintain a Department of Defense clearance.

This position may be filled at a higher grade based on the successful applicant's skills, education and experience.


Go to apply 

