Job Title = Machinist

THIS IS A MONDAY THROUGH THURSDAY 3PM - 12:30AM SHIFT
The Toolmaker position will be responsible for fabricating various components for automated manufacturing equipment and engineering projects. The responsibilities will include assessing work orders to determine required stock material and tooling; setup and operation of general machinist equipment such as vertical knee mills with Acu-rite programmable DROs, CNC lathes and Milling Centers, manual lathe, grinders, and various other auxiliary shop equipment; and machining parts to required quality and/or dimensional standards. Comply with all local, state, federal, and BD safety regulations, policies, and procedures. Communicate and coordinate with prior shift to continue production on existing jobs. Comply with all local BD quality policies, procedures, and practices through consistent application of sound quality assurance principles and engineering best practices.
The Toolmaker position will be responsible for fabricating various components for automated manufacturing equipment and engineering projects. The responsibilities will include assessing work orders to determine required stock material and tooling; setup and operation of general machinist equipment such as vertical knee mills with Acu-rite programmable DROs, CNC lathes and Milling Centers, manual lathe, grinders, and various other auxiliary shop equipment; and machining parts to required quality and/or dimensional standards. Comply with all local, state, federal, and BD safety regulations, policies, and procedures. Communicate and coordinate with prior shift to continue production on existing jobs. Comply with all local BD quality policies, procedures, and practices through consistent application of sound quality assurance principles and engineering best practices.
Action Oriented:
Demonstrates a willingness and commitment to hard work takes instruction and shows ambition towards completing work orders in an accurate and timely manner.
Teamwork:
Able to effectively listen and communicate on complex ideas in a team environment. Proactively seeks to support other team members. Capable of continuing production on jobs carrying over from prior shift.
Continuous and Versatile Learning:
Able to absorb complex ideas and learn quickly when facing new problems enjoys the challenge of unfamiliar tasks.
Completion of assigned work orders in a timely manner:Work conducted with machining best practices careful, deliberate, meticulous work. Active team member not only delivering on tasks, but providing feedback and ideas for improvement.
EXPERIENCE
Minimum Education:
A. S. degree, vocational certificate, or equivalent experience operating/programming vertical knee mills, and/or CNC lathes/screw machines, and/or CNC milling centers, and various other manual machinist equipment.
Minimum Experience:
5 years of experience on programmable mills; and/or CNC lathes/screw machines; and/or CNC milling centers; various other manual machinist equipment; fabricating components with small tolerances 0002" to 0005").
To perform this job successfully, the individual must be proficient in the following:
Capable of conversational programming and running manual knee mills and lathes.
Good knowledge of 2-axis programmable knee mills, preferably Acu-rite
controllers.
Fixture design
Strong problem solving skills
Strong leadership and time management skills as well as the ability to
operate in an environment without supervision.
Capability of running CNC milling center and lathes preferred, but not required.
Becton, Dickinson and Company is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We do not unlawfully discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, age, sex, creed, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, marital or domestic or civil union status, familial status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetics, disability, military eligibility or veteran status. #LI-OPS


Go to apply 

