Job Title = Machinist

Advanced Technology & Research Corporation is seeking to fill the following full-time permanent position. Based in Maryland and incorporated in 1973, ATR is an equal-opportunity engineering company with a solid reputation in various engineering disciplines for the government and Fortune 500 commercial customers.
Salary for the position is competitive according to qualifications. ATR offers an attractive comprehensive benefits package, including Medical/Dental insurances, free basic life/ADD, and long-term and short-term disability insurances, 401(k) plan, educational assistance program, and 5 weeks of paid leave per year for minimum seniority.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability or veteran status.
Qualified persons should apply at:

PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
The successful applicant will join ATR's Engineering Services Division, working as a team member of the Advanced Sensors and Technology group at the Naval Surface Warfare Center in West Bethesda, Maryland. Duties will include utilizing machine tools like manual milling machines, grinders, shear, break, and lathes to make machined products to satisfy certain specifications to support various R&D and engineering, and system evaluations of naturally occurring electro-magnetic phenomena relative to the operation of Navy ships. Primary requirement is for someone with expertise with various types of conventional manual machine tools and their attachments to perform machining operations in the repair and/or manufacture of parts from raw stock.
EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS:

Tech/vocational school or equivalent desired

US military technical training preferred

4-5 years of job experience is desired, 2 years required
SKILLS & ABILITIES REQUIREMENTS:

Works with NSWC engineers on new product designs, including prototype machining of components, fabricating and assembling prototype models and participating in product design meetings.

Supports projects by fabricating tooling and fixtures for various manufacturing operations using nonmagnetic raw stock such as aluminum, PVC, and G10 fiberglass.

Studies prints, sketches, models or specifications to plan sequences of operations for fabricating tools, dies or assemblies.

Sets up and operates machines such as lathes, milling machines, etc. to turn, bore, mill or otherwise shape parts to prescribed dimensions and finishes.

Performs manual production machining processes that include assembly/pinning operations.

Conduct internal/visual Quality Control on item quality

Maintains a professional working relationship and effectively communicates with employees, managers, vendors, customers and regulatory agencies.

Understands and complies with NSWCCD policies and procedures, regulatory requirements and safety regulations.

Must have strong woodworking carpentry skills.

Must be versatile and willing to perform other tasks such as building shipping crates, shop maintenance, and division support.

Ability to work and interact with a wide range of people (from trades to upper management).

Ability to multitask and work in a team environment

Self-motivated,

Strong proficiency in oral and written communication skills
OTHER REQUIREMENTS:
Candidate must be a US citizen with the ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance or favorable adjudication of a national security background investigation. Current successful background investigation completion is a plus.


Go to apply 

