Job Title = Machinist

Programs and capable of setting up/producing new manufacturing products. Determine and create necessary tooling and work fixtures. Examples of Duties and Responsibilities: Set-up, program, and run production on complex CNC jobs. Inspect complex machined parts using standard and complex measuring equipment. Utilize complex manufacturing tooling. Write and follow basic process plans from blue prints to be used to make actual parts. Visualize and create basic fixturing to be used during manufacturing processes. Complete semi-complex CNC lathe set-ups, CNC lathe programming, and CNC mill set-ups with minimal supervised help. Add to shop efficiency through attentiveness, running two machines when available. Utilizes extra time organizing and cleaning work space Provide input tear down documentation for CNC program as "comments" for future reference. Box up special tooling. Meet or beat the estimated run and set-up times. Ensure all product documentation is complete and properly filled out including traveler, first article reports, inspection reports, etc. Verify print, traveler, machine programs, and inspection sheets all match to BP revisions. Regularly perform routine maintenance on shop equipment (i.e. check and add oil or filter). Maintain all company owned tooling and work areas in a clean and orderly manner. Qualifications: The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Capacity to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals. Ability to write routine reports and correspondence. Effectively speak before groups of customers or employees of organization. Ability to work with mathematical concepts such as probability and statistical inference, and fundamentals of plane and solid geometry and trigonometry. Capable of applying concepts such as fractions, percentages, ratios, and proportions to practical situations. Complies with all previous grade levels for operators and machinists. 36 Months prior experience with both N/C and manual metal machining equipment, Minimum of 12 months of CNC operations. Regularly required to stand and work in vibrating conditions, exposed to fumes or airborne particles, and lift up to 100 pounds. Able to identify and distinguish colors in at least one eye. Vision is correctable, at 20 inches or less (important for reading B/Ps and measuring instruments and irregularities in MFG products). Education Requirements: Vocational A.A.S. degree in Machining/Manufacturing and Two years additional experience: or Six years related experience and/or training; or Equivalent combination of education and experience.

Job Posted by ApplicantPro


Go to apply 

