Job Title = Machinist

We are looking for a competent CNC Operator to use computer numerically controlled (CNC) machinery safely and accurately to perform a variety of functions.
CNC Operators are highly skilled professionals, able to work with great concentration and precision. They must be responsible and comply with all safety guidelines. A keen eye for detail and great mechanical aptitude are also essential.
The goal is to produce high quality parts and materials by programming machines to perform the right operations.
Responsibilities
Prepare and operate CNC machines to perform tasks such as drilling, grinding, milling etc.
Understand specifications of the task at hand and the desired result by reading blueprints, mechanical drawings etc.
Translate instructions into computer commands so the machines can perform the correct function
Prepare and load raw materials and parts onto the machines
Prepare a test run to check if the machines produce outputs according to specifications
Set machines to complete full cycles to fabricate large number of parts
Supervise the machines while they execute the tasks and make any necessary adjustments to produce a better result
Inspect and measure finished products and compare them with requirements to determine if the process has been completed properly
Check and maintain machinery daily to ensure functionality
Requirements
6+ years or close
Used to multiple set ups per shift.
Has experience with calipers, OD Mic, ID Mic, height gauges.
OEM experience a plus.
Manual and CNC Mill experience.
Can hold tolerances of .002 or tighter.
Proven experience as CNC operator
Skill in operating CNC machinery and tooling as well as precision measurement tools
Ability to read and interpret mechanical documents and drawings
Computer savvy with basic understanding of computer programming and CAD/CAM
Mechanical aptitude and good math skills
A keen eye for detail and results-driven approach
Good communication abilities
High school diploma or equivalent; certificate or diploma in engineering or relevant discipline is a plus
Successfully completed apprenticeship is required
Four Ways to Apply:
Resumes may be emailed to Subject: Machinist
Call our office to schedule a phone interview ASAP
Visit our office 849 N Dobson Rd, STE 107, Mesa, AZ 85201
Apply on at ExpressPros.com/Job-Seekers


Go to apply 

