Job Title = Technician

SUMMARY
This position is responsible for performing repairs and maintenance on both interior and exterior of all types of RVs. Techs also install various components in and on all types of RVs. Typical duties include installation of accessories; writing and processing repair orders; troubleshooting repair and maintenance on appliances, roofs, siding, windows, plumbing and electrical systems. Technician duties can be repetitious; successful candidates will remain challenged through continuous education and certification.
DESCRIPTION
Under direct supervision of the Service Manager, service techs install, repair and maintain interior and exterior components in all types of RVs. Job duties include but are not limited to:

Examining, troubleshooting, and diagnosing repair and maintenance needs for RV units. Interior components may include: repairing propane and electric appliances such as furnaces, refrigerators, water heaters, ranges, and air conditioners; exterior components may include: roofs, siding, windows, doors, vents, awnings, floor coverings, cabinets, counters, plumbing systems, electrical systems, propane gas systems, batteries, and charging systems

Installing, repairing and maintaining interior and exterior components on motor homes, travel trailers, fifth-wheel trailers, truck campers, tent trailers, and van conversions, including trailer hitches

Performing pre-delivery inspections, writing and processing repair orders

Maintaining and repairing trailer frames, undercarriage, and suspension

Locating faults and performing repairs using computerized and electronic testing equipment, troubleshooting techniques, manufacturer’s specifications, and Internet websites

Ordering repair parts and components using manuals, catalogues and internet websites

Communicating with supervisors, manufacturers, and consumers to ensure timely, efficient, and economical repairs
REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES
To perform this job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies:

Mechanical, electrical and electronics aptitude; troubleshooting and problem-solving capabilities

Good communication, organizational skills, and learning skills

Desire to upgrade and learn new skills and technology advances

The ability to work either independently or as part of a team

High level of energy and excellent work ethic
EDUCATION AND LICENSES

High school education or its equivalent

English reading, writing, and basic math

Valid driver’s license insurable by Blue Dog RV
PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS
Candidates for this position must have good general health and physical ability. Service techs are required to stand for up to 8 hours per shift. Must be able to lift 25 pounds frequently, and over 50 pounds occasionally. Bending, squatting, kneeling, reaching above shoulder level, pushing, and pulling are required on a constant basis. Candidates must be able to maneuver in tight spaces, climb stairs, and use hands for grasping and fine manipulation; good manual dexterity and balance while working off the ground is required.
Worksite is 50% indoors and 50% outdoors. Outdoor worksite is exposed to various weather conditions.
TOOLS & MACHINERY
Hand tools and various power tools required. Cleaning equipment and chemicals. PPE (i.e., gloves, eye protection, masks) is available.


Go to apply 

