Job Title = Machinist

Seeking a job that will offer room for rapid career growth at a cutting-edge aircraft manufacturer? Are you interested in having top-notch benefits (medical, dental, vision, 401K, and more) and a competitive wage with varying shifts and hours? We are looking for Machinists and Machine Operators to join our staff at a manufacturing facility in Kent, WA that supports commercial and military aircraft manufacturers. We need folks at varying levels of experience with CNC or manual industrial machines. Folks who thrive in a fast-paced environment, can safely support the production process, and work well in small teams.

What You’ll Do

In this job, you will understand and set up manufacturing plans sketches, blueprints, and specifications to fabricate hi tech parts. We're looking for people who can setup and use of tooling associated with CNC machines and be familiar with machine tools, precision instruments and have good manual dexterity. If you have a demonstrated expertise in a particular machine type or work on one single purpose machine which may involve multiple processes, you'll be high on our list!

What We Need

You will detect faulty processes and be part of fixing the part. Use precision instruments to check tolerances and quality of products. Can interpret and follow written and verbal instructions, sketches, schedules, drawings and documents.

You will need to have advanced knowledge of electrical components and their function in a control system, including the use of compressors and other pneumatic devices. We also require a high school diploma or the equivalent.
Greatest needs are at 2nd shift (230p-11p) 3rd shift (10p-7am) and weekend shift (Friday-Sunday, 5am-5pm which counts for 40 hours!). Each of these shifts offers a pay premium over the day shift.

Must Haves

We need at least 3 years of experience in a similar machine operator of machinist role. Demonstrate proper and safe operation of equipment, and use personal protective equipment including, but not limited to, safety glasses/full face shield, hearing protection, and gloves. The employee performs physical activities that require climbing and lifting up to 50 pounds, balancing and handling of material.

Application Process
Please respond with an up-to-date resume with your current contact information. If you are a qualified candidate, we will set you up with a 30-minute phone call with a recruiter to learn more about your experience and to tell you more about the job, compensation, and benefits. The recruiter will walk you through the next steps of the process if you are a good fit!

Cloutera is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate against any individuals based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, age, gender identity or expression, national origin, genetics, disability status, or veteran status.


Go to apply 

