Job Title = Machinist

Company
We are seeking a Machinist to join our team! You will operate and repair a variety of machines and mechanical instruments.
Paket Corporation is a manufacturing company that produces and packages Health, Beauty and Household cleaning products. We are conveniently located on the south side of Chicago, ideal for Indiana residents seeking employment,

Competitive Benefits Package, including bonuses and a 50% match on first 6% of employee 401(k) contributions!
We offer a competitive total compensation package which includes a base salary, paid time off, benefit programs like medical insurance, dental insurance, life insurance, disability, retirement (401K savings plan), education reimbursement program, bonus incentive program and other forms of recognition. There is opportunity for advancement within the pay & progression system.
Job Description
Manual Machinist responsibilities:
Operate machine tools to produce precision parts and instruments
Modify parts and materials to improve overall production
Test completed equipment to detect and remove defects
Perform routine maintenance on machinery
Calculate dimensions and tolerance using measuring instruments
Read, interpret and understand blueprints and drawings including symbols, welding symbols, material type and material shape.
Plan machining operations by studying work orders, blueprints, drawings, specifications, materials, machining parameters, and interpreting geometric dimensions and tolerances.
Perform basic machining math including fractional / decimal conversion, basic trigonometry (sin, cos), calculating dimensions and tolerances and determining missing linear or angular dimensions.
Operate manually controlled shop equipment such as lathes, mills, grinders and other manual machinery.
Properly set up and operate Manual Mill and machine parts/components to the required specifications.
Properly utilize machining tools such as high speed end mill, carbide end mill, high speed drill, carbide drill, high speed tap, roll forming tap, right angle attachments and reaming.
Calibrate measuring tools such as micrometers, calipers, and others measuring instruments
Skills Required:
Manual machining background on all basic shop equipment, a strong lathe background is a plus
Ability to work in a team environment
Qualifications:
Previous experience in machinery or other related fields
Familiarity machine tools and equipment
Strong analytical and mathematical skills
Strong attention to detail


Go to apply 

