Job Title = Social Media Editor

At Engineer.ai, we empower everyone to build without limitations. The Social Media Editor is responsible for keeping the brand relevant, communicative, and engaged with current and potential audiences via our social media channels.
Why We Need This Role
Social media is a powerful tool to generate brand awareness and trust with our target audience. Communicating our story and engaging with the potential consumer in a consistent and strategic way ultimately leads to a loyal customer base.
Why You Should Join
As we're about to re-brand and also growing quickly, this is an exciting opportunity to take charge of the development and direction of our social media presence. Working from our Los Angeles, CA headquarters, you will not only execute with excellence but will demonstrate curiosity and constantly aspire to contribute to new things.
First Six Month Deliverables
Help define, execute, measure, and optimize social media posts, campaigns, programs, and tactics to support our brand's communications and overall business goals, working across
Concept, write, post, direct message, and build community across social platforms in alignment with the overarching editorial and content calendar.
Manage all social listening tools to provide timely, relevant and comprehensive reports on our social footprint, community sentiment and insight into marketing, content, and products.
Develop resources, communication standards, visuals and reference materials for our team of social community managers to best serve our community and brand.
Work with growth team to research, analyze, and interpret data from social channels and relay to greater team
Requirements
Passionate about loosely held values and ideas. We want someone who has experience but is not blinded by the path already taken
Approx 3 years of experience in social media. Marketing experience in B2B tech preferred.
First class writing and editing ability you produce engaging, accurate copy even under time pressure
Familiarity with all major social platforms and common tools
Proven ability to track and report the impact of social media
Passion for technology and marketing, and a genuine curiosity about the tech and software industry and how to create an engaging community and brand around it that targets all of our potential audiences
Familiarity with paid media and online community management a plus
Benefits
Health and Wellness benefits including competitive medical, dental, and vision plans
Performance-based bonuses and stock options
Generous vacation and time off benefits including paid holidays
Generally flexible working hours
Working in a beautiful office space the heart of Silicon Beach in Playa Vista
A collaborative culture where unconventional thinkers come together to solve interesting problems and having fun while doing it
Mission-driven company that is making the world a better plac


Go to apply 

