Job Title = Machinist

Mid-American Machine & Equipment Machinist: We are currently seeking an experienced conventional machinist.
Machine parts to specifications, set-up, adjust and operate basic and specialized machine tools used to perform precision machining operations.
Requirements:Must be able to read and interpret blueprints.
Benefits:Mid-American Machine offers a very good benefits package, including 401K, 10 days paid time off, 5 days paid sick leave, 7 paid holidays, paid bereavement time and a medical, dental, eye and vision plan.
ABOUT MID-AMERICAN MACHINE Mid-American Machine & Equipment has continuously worked to provide high-quality service to most of the leading companies in the Rubber & Plastics Industry.
Our principals, Shane Sutherland, and Johnny Guy have utilized their technical and field expertise to build MAM.
We have come a long way since our inception in 1997 and look forward to continuing breaking ground in other industries.
Our goal from day one has been simple \" To grow and offer our knowledge/expertise to keep your machines running reliably and efficiently.\" Today we offer a complete line of spare parts for most of the industries rubber mixers, mills and other machines.
We stock items of the most commonly needed maintenance parts like dust stop assemblies, mill guides, door tops, bearings, hoppers, gearboxes, down to a single wear ring.
Our goal is for you to be covered in any time of need.
From the beginning, we have refined our service technicians who are available on a 24-hour basis for emergency services.
Our personnel is expertly trained and experienced in refurbishing and repairing your machine to prevent any unwanted shutdown periods.
MAME has recently had the opportunity to join the Industrial Service Solutions Co.
We now have a family of sister companies all focused on offering numerous services to plants operating in most industries.
Although we have grown rapidly, we will always remain committed to ensuring your machinery and facilities are well maintained as if they were our own.
Thank you for your continued interest.


Go to apply 

