Job Title = Machinist

Looking for a Machine Operator for a Concrete Construction Manufacturer.
Apply at and call 951
JOB SUMMARY:
Set up and operate machine to cut or slice fiber material and process orders according to specification.
ESSENTIAL JOB DUTIES:
1. Adjusts machine controls to position and align, and to regulate speed and pressure of components.
2. Activates machine to cut, slice, slit, perforate, or score fiber products, such as fiberboard sheets.
3. Selects and installs machine components, such as cutting blades, rollers, and templates, according to specifications, using hand tools.
4. Monitors operation of cutting or slicing machine to detect malfunctions, removes defective or substandard materials, and readjusts machine components to conform to standards.
5. Reviews work order, blueprints, specifications, or job sample to determine components, settings, and adjustments for cutting and slicing machines.
6. Positions materials, such as rubber, paper, or leather on feeding mechanism of cutting or slicing machine.
7. Examines, measures, and weighs materials or products to verify conformance to specifications, using measuring devices, such as ruler, micrometer, or scale.
ADDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITITES:
1. Replaces worn or broken parts, and cleans and lubricates cutting or slicing machine to maintain equipment in working order.
2. Removes completed materials or products from cutting or slicing machine and stacks or stores for additional processing.
3. Maintains production records, such as quantity, type, and dimensions of materials produced.
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES:
1. Knowledge of the structure and content of the English language including the meaning and spelling of words, rules of composition, and grammar
Knowledge of machines and tools, including their designs, uses, benefits, repair, and maintenance
2. Knowledge of inputs, outputs, raw materials, waste, quality control, costs, and techniques for maximizing the manufacture and distribution of goods
3. Knowledge of numbers, their operations, and interrelationships including basic arithmetic, algebra, geometry, and their applications

High School Diploma or equivalent required.
College coursework, trade school certification, or Associates Degree preferred
Minimum 3-years of experience working with material cutting equipment such as slitters, cutters, saws, etc.


Go to apply 

