Job Title = Machinist

Overview

To operate any machine or tool generally in use in the plant to perform completely and independently specific operations as outlined in the methods and process sheets furnished.

Responsibilities

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty with minimum supervision. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions unless the accommodation(s) would result in an undue hardship to the company. The duties and responsibilities regularly performed for this position are:
Operate a variety of machine tools, to perform completely and independently specific operations as outlined in the methods and process sheets.
Make minor adjustments of feeds and speeds on the machine tool assigned.
Grind own cutting tools and drills (other than special purpose tools).
Check parts using specified gages or check parts using furnished fixtures to see that dimensions are being maintained.
Report improper machine function and/or parts not being held to proper dimensions.
Effectively assist and train others of lesser skill and/or experience.
Regular and punctual attendance.
Train others of lesser skills.
Follow all Safety and Environmental Procedures.
Must be able to use shop mathematics including decimals. Must learn shop trigonometry, if not already known, during course of employment if progression is to occur. Must be able to comprehend, interpret and follow directions, both written and oral, as generated by the company. Must be able to interpret and follow methods and process sheets. Must follow required safety procedures. Must maintain accurate paper work and records. Must maintain high standard of housekeeping in work area.

The marginal duties and responsibilities (performed occasionally or at irregular intervals) for this position are:
Perform other duties as required.
SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES
This position supervises the following subordinate supervisors and/or employee classification(s) (Specific if Not Applicable): Not Applicable

Qualifications

To be eligible for this position, an individual must possess the following requirements to perform the essential job functions:

The specific EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE requirements of this position are:
Must have a High School education or equivalent, in addition to 3- 5 years of specific and related experience.
Must have skill level in excess of Machinist.
The specific SKILLS and KNOWLEDGE required for this position are:
Must have complete knowledge of temperature changes caused by machine operations and the use of proper coolants.
Must have prior machinist experience of a Machine Operator.
Must have and e able to use machinist s hand tools and precision measuring instruments.
Must have knowledge of shop practice and procedure including machinability of metals for performance of the work described.

*MON*


Go to apply 

