Job Title = Machinist

Carpenter Powder Products (CPP), a division of Carpenter Technology Corporation, is one of the world's largest suppliers of spherical gas atomized powders that are produced through air, vacuum or pressurized melting in a full range of powder distributions. CPP's advanced powders have been used in a variety of coatings and components in aircraft engines, chemical equipment, medical devices, industrial gas turbines and food handling components, among other demanding applications. CPP also manufactures a wide range of tool and die steels.

MACHINIST - Woonsocket, RI

Shift: 2nd or 3rd

PRIMARY DUTIES
As a skilled craftsman, efficiently operate all standard machine tools.
Interpret drawings while using precision measuring instruments and hand tool.
Setting up and machining parts using required mathematical calculations.
Make informed decisions about tool selection and set up configurations
Complete job set ups and breakdowns.
Clean and maintain tools and machines as required
Efficiently machine parts to meet drawing specifications.
May work in a variety of areas with additional supervision or guidance from more experienced personnel.
Ensures a safe workplace.
Perform all other duties and special projects as assigned. REQUIREMENTS
High School Diploma / GED required. 3+ years of experience in an industrial environment.
Has developed basic machinist, manufacturing and technical skills. Works independently on tasks with established procedures. Ability to apply basic technical and mechanical skills to complete assigned activities.
Knowledge of machinist, manufacturing equipment and procedures. Knowledge of basic technical skills and standard manufacturing procedures and/or processes.
Demonstrated troubleshooting and problem solving and the ability to prioritize and organize work to meet agreed upon deadlines.
Ability to work with moderate supervision under frequently changing priorities.
Requires excellent verbal/written communication and organizational skills. Carpenter Technology Company offers a competitive salary and a comprehensive benefits package including life, medical, dental, vision, flexible spending accounts, disability coverage, 401k with company contributions as well as many other options to employees.

Carpenter Technology Corporation's policy is to fully and effectively maintain a program of equal employment opportunity and nondiscrimination for all employees, to employ affirmative action for all protected classes, and to recruit and develop the best qualified persons available regardless of age, race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, national origin, political affiliation or any other characteristic protected by law. The Company also will recruit, develop and provide opportunities for qualified persons with disabilities and protected veterans.

Permanent


Go to apply 

