Job Title = Machinist

The Machinist in CMS is responsible for the set-up and operation of CNC machines or machining centers or special purpose manual equipment to accurately fabricate or repair mechanical components or assemblies as per customer specifications. He/She must read, interpret, and follow blueprints, diagrams, engineering drawings, and other written or oral procedures and maintain quality and safety standards throughout the fabrication process. Must have the ability to use precision measuring and inspection tools to verify finished piece conforms to customer specificationsTechnical A deep understanding of tools and equipment used in the machining arts. Ensure a safe working environment by following safety rules and helping improve the safety culture. Knowledge of the properties of various metals/alloys and other machined material to include polymers, wood, etc. Assist with design input of complicated components to ensure proper consideration is taken in regard to machining capability. Ability to work with engineers, production personnel, and customers to overcome machining or assembly hurdles. Inspect finished components for dimensional accuracy, surface finish, uniformity and quality. Think creatively and work well without much guidance from customer or management. Be able to make decisions under high stress environments and deliver assignments on schedule at best value.
Company Overview At Lilly, we unite caring with discovery to make life better for people around the world. We are a global healthcare leader headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana. Our 39,000 employees around the world work to discover and bring life-changing medicines to those who need them, improve the understanding and management of disease, and give back to our communities through philanthropy and volunteerism. We give our best effort to our work, and we put people first. We’re looking for people who are determined to make life better for people around the world.#WeAreLilly
Basic Qualifications High School Diploma/GED Associates degree/Technical certificate or Apprenticeship Preferred Completion of Post Offer Exam, Completion of Work Simulation or Completion of Administrative Skills Testing if applicable. Qualified candidates must be legally authorized to be employed in the United States. Lilly does not anticipate providing sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., H-1B or TN status) for this employment position
Additional Information Lilly is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of age, race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status
Additional Skills/Preferences Ability to operate Mazak Machine Milling Centers and Lathes Ability to operate Fryer Machine Mill Ability to operate Hurco Machining Centers (Winmax control language).
Ability to operate ProtoTrak Mills and Lathes. (Prototrak control language) Ability to operate Okuma Mills. Operate Blanchard Surface grinder. Knowledge and ability to use precision measuring instruments (calipers, micrometers, dial indicators, gauges, etc). Knowledge of machine tolerances and fitment requirements. Knowledge sharing and mentoring of co-workers & contractors Leadership and influence ability Demonstrated pride of craftsmanship and high quality work Strong communication skills – verbal and written GMARS knowledge and experience Familiar with and exhibits the Lilly Values Familiar with and follows all Lilly Safety requirements AutoCAD knowledge Knowledge and ability to fabricate custom tools for lathe or machine operations (Tool Maker) Welding/Fabrication knowledge Trained in the use of industrial power equipment/tools Willing to work overtime as needed Desire to learn new equipment and technology Strong customer service focus


Go to apply 

