Job Title = Machinist

Kelly Services is sourcing for Swiss Setup Machinists for a customer located in Highland Heights, OH.
These are DIRECT HIRE opportunities.
Shift: 2nd and 3rd Pay: $25+ (DOE) Requirements Requirements: -Four or more years CNC Swiss machining set-up experience required -Programming experience required -Experience with small, tight tolerance parts preferred -Citizen experience preferred (L or M) -Formal training/education is a plus -Advanced shop math skills -Must be able to read and understand blueprints -Understanding of GD&T preferred -Advanced understanding of machine tools required -Understanding of inspection procedures required -Ability to work safely and follow detailed work instructions -Good attendance and ability to work efficiently to achieve business goals Education: -HS/GED Highlights Benefits: -Health, dental, vision, 401K Interested and qualified candidates are encouraged to contact Joann at or . EOE Why Kelly ® ? As a worker today, it’s up to you to take charge of your career and look for opportunities to learn, grow, and achieve your potential.
Helping you find what’s next is what we’re all about.
We know what’s going on in the evolving world of work—just ask the nearly 500,000 people we employ each year.
Connecting with us means getting the support, guidance, and opportunities needed to take your career where you may have never imagined.
About Kelly ® At Kelly, we’re always thinking about what’s next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential.
In fact, we’re a leading advocate for temporary/nontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enable a better way to work and live.
Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide variety of workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world.
Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce, including, but not limited to, minorities, females, individuals with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual orientation, gender identity.
Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law.


Go to apply 

