Job Title = Machinist

Description

At Northrop Grumman, our employees have incredible opportunities to work on revolutionary systems that impact people’s lives around the world today, and for generations to come. Our pioneering and inventive spirit has enabled us to be at the forefront of many technological advancements in our nation’s history - from the first flight across the Atlantic Ocean, to stealth bombers, to landing on the moon. We look for people who have bold new ideas, courage and a pioneering spirit to join forces to invent the future, and have fun along the way. Our culture thrives on intellectual curiosity, cognitive diversity and bringing your whole self to work — and we have an insatiable drive to do what others think is impossible. Our employees are not only part of history, they’re making history. Northrop Grumman Innovation Systems designs, builds and delivers space, defense and aviation-related systems to customers around the world. Our main products include launch vehicles and related propulsion systems; missile products, subsystems and defense electronics; precision weapons, armament systems and ammunition; satellites and associated space components and services; and advanced aerospace structures. Northrop Grumman Innovation Systems is currently seeking a Machinist 3 to join our team at our Promontory, UT facility . Role description & Responsibilities: Operates various conventional and/or numerically controlled machining centers on semi-complex jobs. Works from blueprints, sketches, planning sheets, verbal instructions, and/or engineering, tooling, or equipment information. Contributes to lean initiatives to increase productivity and reduce costs. Works with limited guidance, in a team environment. Responsibilities:
Sets up and runs multiple production machines. Performs machine operations (including reworking parts) such as cutting, shaping, deburring, forming, drilling, and reaming parts. Performs machine operations where the materials, tooling, and sequence of operations have been pre-planned and established. Makes necessary machine adjustments and reports improper machine functioning or cutting action for correction.
Aligns and fastens work using standard fixtures and established methods.
Installs and adjusts cutting tools consistent with type and size of material being machined.
Follows established manufacturing methods using standard production machines, materials, and tooling.
Adjusts feeds, speeds, and depth of cut to machine quality parts, per documentation.
Operates hand and power tools to deburr precision and complex machine parts in accordance with semi-complicated engineering blueprints and route sheets to close tolerances.
Inspects parts for conformance to specifications using measuring instruments such as gages, calipers, micrometers and comparators. Uses various types of magnification equipment (including a microscope) to detect and avoid damage to surfaces and critical areas. Visually inspects parts for burrs or damaged machined surfaces.
Routinely maintains equipment to ensure cleanliness, accuracy, and reliability specific to division requirements.
Accurately and regularly performs statistical process control (SPC) specific to division requirements.
Actively implements lean initiatives by identifying and providing suggestions on areas for improvement. Effectively applies lean concepts and tools in work area.
Observes all company policies and procedures, including safety rules, and maintains a clean and orderly work area.
Performs other related responsibilities, as requested.
Responsibilities:


Go to apply 

