Job Title = Engineer

A company located in the Grand Blanc area is looking for an Applications Engineer to work at their modern, state of the art facility. This company has an excellent culture and has flexible work schedules. Hours for the position are either 8AM to 5PM or 7AM to 4PM.
Salary for the position ranges from $60,000 to $70,000. Overtime is madatory if work load calls for it.
Full Job Description and responsibilities are as follows:
POSITION SUMMARY
Perform engineering duties in estimating and designing HVAC and other mechanical equipment including air handling equipment, chiller plants, boiler plants, custom DX equipment, mechanical penthouses, and central utility plants.

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS

Reasonable Accommodations Statement

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. Reasonable Accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Essential Functions Statement(s)
Attendance at work during regularly scheduled shifts and scheduled overtime is an essential duty. This includes, but is not limited to, being at the work station ready for work at the start of the shift.
Use independent judgement and apply engineering principles to perform a wide variety of tasks in the selling, quoting, engineering and manufacturing processes.
Good written and verbal communication skills to clearly interact with Inside Sales, Regional Sales Managers, customers, vendors, subcontractors, and other TMI personnel.
Exceptional multitasker that can work simultaneously on many different projects and meet deadlines consistently with high quality output.
Specify system components or select equipment to ensure conformance with engineering design and performance specifications.
Create full engineering submittal packages for DX equipment, Hydronics, and/or Air Handling Units projects
Review customer design proposals, specifications, manuals, and other data to evaluate the feasibility, cost, and maintenance requirements of designs or applications.
Creates thorough Sales Letter indicating what proposal includes and what has been excluded from the quote.
Process work utilizing sales strategy protocols and follow sales rules of engagement
Follow departmental procedures as required
Recommend design modifications to reduce cost or improve performance.
Investigate equipment failures to diagnose faulty operation or design. Make recommendations to service department to fix the problem as well as updating standards for future designs.
Utilize test control apparatus and equipment and follow procedures for testing products.
Other responsibilities as assigned.

POSITION QUALIFICATIONS

Competency Statement(s)
Analytical Skills – Strong ability to independently use thinking and reasoning to solve a problem using fundamental engineering concepts.
Detail Oriented - Ability to pay attention to the minute details of a project or task.
Technical Aptitude - Ability to comprehend complex technical topics and specialized information.
Communication - Ability to communicate effectively with others verbally and in writing.
Accountability - Ability to accept responsibility and account for his/her actions.
Customer Service - Responds promptly to customer (internal and external) needs, responds to requests for service and assistance, and consistently meets commitments.
Safety Awareness - Ability to identify and correct conditions that affect employee safety.

SKILLS & ABILITIES

Education: Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineering or HVAC Technology or 3-5 years’ equivalent experience required.

Experience: 0 years applicable experience with Bachelor’s degree in Engineering or HVAC Technology. 3 years minimum applicable experience without Bachelor’s degree in Engineering or HVAC Technology.
Computer Skills: Proficiency in Microsoft Office suite. Exposure to AutoCad and/or 3D modeling software is preferred.
#ZR


Go to apply 

