Job Title = Technician

We are a fast growing 3rd generation family owned residential HVAC company based in Orange County but servicing several Southern California counties. We have the best online reputation out of all our main competitors! We are growing quickly and looking for an experienced Residential HVAC Service Technician.
An open house will be held every Tuesday and Thursday here at our Corporate office from 9:00 am to 4:00 pm at 1120 N. Tustin Avenue, Anaheim Ca 92807. Come on by and see all the exciting opportunities!
A great opportunity to get in at the ground level as we break new territory.
HVAC RESIDENTIAL TECHNICIAN JOB DUTIES
> Perform tune-ups and repairs on heat and A/C units in customer's homes
> Make recommendations to the customer for their units, ducting, and indoor air quality
> Give in-home estimates for equipment replacement
> Be a mentor to other trainees or less experienced technicians
HVAC RESIDENTIAL TECHNICIAN QUALIFICATIONS
MUST HAVE EXPERIENCE AS A RESIDENTIAL HVAC TECHNICIAN OR SELLING TECHNICIAN or COMMERICAL EXPERIENCE.
> Be able to work with your hands, squat, kneel, climb ladder, etc.
> Communication skills to educate customers in detail
> Must be able to pass background check and pre-employment drug screening
> Flexible schedule
> Strong customer service skills: good listener, patient, and customer focused
> Clean driving record required
We are looking for HVAC Residential Technicians with a good mix of technical and people skills! This opportunity will fill quickly so act NOW!
WHAT WE OFFER
> Our HVAC Residential Technicians have Six figure earning potential!
> We pay better than the competition & we value top notch talent!
> Extensive training, company vehicles, gas card
> Benefits after 30 days of employment
> Uniform Cleaning Service
> Work cell phone, charger, and Ipad provided by company
> Customer experience focused company
> We will have you working year around!
Thank you for reviewing our HVAC Residential Technician opportunity. If you feel you meet the above criteria and are excited about this opportunity we look forward to meeting you. Please send resumes to

Permanent


Go to apply 

