Job Title = Technician

Security Systems Integrator seeking an experienced Field Technician for our Gilbert, Arizona office.APL Access & Security, Inc. has been serving Arizona for over 30 years. We are a Security Systems Integrator specializing in installation and service for Access Control, CCTV, Intrusion Detection Systems, Gate Systems, Door Hardware, and much more for Corporate, Industrial, Local Municipalities, and Federal Government entities. Our accounts spread throughout the entire State of Arizona. APL currently employs more than 35 employees and has over 30 service vehicles, man lifts, and specialty equipment.APL Access & Security, Inc. is headquartered out of Gilbert, Arizona and has its own state of the art, 13,000 sq. ft. stand alone facility that will provide plenty of room for growth and opportunity.APL opened its Tucson division in January of 2007 with a 7,000 sq. ft. office and warehouse space. This office also provides room for growth and opportunity.APL Access & Security, Inc. is a dynamic and progressive company dedicated to providing our customers with the best in security products and services.If you are a motivated individual looking for a company where you are morethan just an employee, we may be what you are looking for Excellent Pay DOE, knowledge, etc.-Medical/Dental Insurance after 60 days.-Company Vehicle for business use-Company Cell Phone for business use-Company Laptop for business use-Specialty Tools-Company Shirts-Paid Vacation - One Week after one year, Two Weeks after two years-Paid Holidays after 90 days-401K Plan Please visit our website at Access & Security, Inc. is a EEO company.Skills/ Requirements:
Experience with any of the following systems:
LenelSoftware HouseDSXGenetecMilestoneONSSIAvigilonIP VideoDMPElectyrified Door Hardware installation experience a plus.Factory Certifications a plus.Programming and terminating panels a plus.Strong computer and networking skills a plus.Able to travel out of town from time to time for projects, mostly within Arizona, sometimes nearby SW states.On-Call Rotation

Permanent


Go to apply 

