Job Title = Engineer

Engineer

Category: Engineering

Description:

We have an outstanding Contract to Hire position for anEngineerto join a leading Company located inGilbert, AZ.

**Position requires U.S. Citizenship.**

We are seeking a Construction Engineer to join our team. This individual will Plan, design and oversee the construction of new or expanded facilities. Prepare architectural, engineering, and cost estimates, functional studies, construction plans, specifications, and schedules. Obtain and supervise outside contractors. Recommend architectural and engineering design procedures and standards for the planning and design of facilities. Supervise the detailed design, budgetary costing, standardized construction, and final inspection of facility projects. Conducts construction surveillance to ensure adherence to contractual requirements.

Job Responsibilities:

+ Ensure all work conforms to the required specifications, including local, state and federal codes.

+ Adhere to, company policies, procedures, and processes per the direction of the Facilities Project Manager.

+ Work with outside engineers, architects, design teams, and general contractors regarding plans, specifications, general and special conditions, addendums, subcontract requirements, and bid paperwork including RFI’s are completed as required.

+ Prepare estimates and work plans with detailed review of proposal specifications, drawings, and quantity takeoff information.

+ Prepare design drawings for Facility Projects.

+ Provide technical assistance, i.e., interpretation of drawings, recommended construction methods, materials, and equipment, etc., as required.

+ Assist in contractor weekly job meetings.

Job Qualifications:

+ 2 years experience with Bachelor's Degree in Civil Engineering or related or 0 years and MS degree; i.e. experience working in a construction, or facilities environment.

+ Intermediate knowledge of Windows Office Systems; Excel, Word and/or MS Project, etc.

+ Working knowledge of blueprint reading required.

+ Computer-Aided Drafting and Design (CADD) experience required.

+ Preferred Qualifications:

+ Knowledge of Revit BIM Software.

+ Engineer-in-Training (EIT) Certificate issued from a state licensing board.

Company Description:

TAD PGS, INC. specializes in delivering secure, reliable and rapidly implemented workforce solutions to the U.S. Federal marketplace, including U.S. Government agencies and their prime contractors. With more than 50 years of experience, TAD PGS, INC. has earned a reputation for accountability, a value that government agencies and prime contractors both demand and deserve.TAD PGS, INC. sources professionals for the full spectrum of federal positions, from administrative to management, and those contracts requiring extremely niche-oriented technical skills and the highest levels of security clearance.VEVRAA Federal Contractor / Request Priority Protected Veteran Referrals / EOE Protected Veterans/Disability

Location: Gilbert , AZ

Minimum Experience (yrs): 2

Required Education: Bachelors Degree


Go to apply 

