Job Title = Autism Behavioral Technician

Merakey is seeking a Fee For Service Autism Behavioral Technicians to join our Education and Autism division in Flint, MI

POSITION OVERVIEW
The Autism Behavior Technician provides one-on-one support and assistance to a student with autism, including support and assistance in the use of medical equipment such as augmentative communication devices; activities of daily living; and monitoring health and behavior.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to the following.
Providing one on one ABA therapy for children with autism either at home or in our school/center
Understanding and implementation of children's program books
Implementation of the child's IPOS, assessment goals, and behavioral/crisis plan
Completion of required documentation; including daily behavioral and program data and parent communication
Completion of progress notes for every billable contact
Daily preparation for sessions
Other duties as assigned
Note: A Behavior Technician may provide support to more than one student, but not at the same time.
MERAKEY IS PROUD TO OFFER THE FOLLOWING BENEFITS
Work/Life Balance
Competitive Compensation Plans
Opportunities for professional growth and advancement
Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance Plans
Flexible Spending Accounts
Short/Long Term Disability Coverage
Life Insurance
403B Retirement Plan (with company matching)
Marketplace Savings Program
Employee Assistance Program
Wellness Programs
24-Hour Nurse Hotline
Tuition Reimbursement
Generous Paid Time Off (for qualifying positions)
Stability that coincides with working for a national leader in education and human services

ABOUT MERAKEY'S EDUCATION & AUTISM DIVISION
The Merakey Education and Autism Division focuses on a continuum of care throughout the lifespan. The core, fundamental principles of Applied Behavior Analysis (ABA) are incorporated into a specialized approach across all service offerings. This division is supported by a senior management team of highly qualified professionals that provide training, supervision, guidance, and support to each of our specialized programs. This team is comprised of decades of expertise in education, autism, and behavioral health experiences.
Merakey opened their very first Licensed Private Academic School for students on the Autism Spectrum in the fall of 2005. Since inception, the Education and Autism Services have grown across the state of Pennsylvania providing support for all individuals across the lifespan.

Services include:
Applied Behavior Analysis (ABA)
Childcare/Pre-K Readiness
Licensed Private Academic Schools
In-District Specialized Classrooms
Therapy Services
Stepping Stones Plus
Adult Autism Services
Adult Autism Housing Services
For more information on each individual service, please visit:

ABOUT MERAKEY
Merakey is a leading developmental, behavioral health and education provider offering a breadth of integrated services to individuals and communities across the country.
We leverage our size and expertise to develop innovative solutions and new models of care to meet the needs of individuals, their families, public and private healthcare funders and community partner organizations.
We recognize that complex needs require a holistic approach. With our experience, expertise and compassion, we empower everyone within our communities to reach their fullest potential.
With a rich tradition spanning 50 years with nearly 10,000 employees, Merakey provides care to over 40,000 adults and children throughout Pennsylvania, New Jersey, New York, Maryland, Delaware, Louisiana, Michigan, Texas, California, and Tennessee.

Merakey is an Equal Opportunity Employer!

APPLY TODAY
In addition to completing your application, please feel free to email your resume directly to our recruiter at .


Apply now

