Job Title = Technician

Nye Lubricants, Inc. partners with innovative companies to develop high-performance solutions using lubricant technology and engineering expertise. Nye will be recognized globally as both an integral partner and an engineered materials expert, providing lubricant solutions which combine leading-edge technology and a fundamental understanding of its customer's needs.
The Technician works in the production department and produces specialty lubricants per product specifications. The Technicianensures that all work conducted in department is done in compliance with Nye's EH&S policies.
Essential Duties:
Prioritize his/her workload based on lead times
Calculate, weigh, mix, and process via production equipment, a wide variety of lubricants
Run all testing required to ship finished product and maintain lab book
Responsible for testing physical properties of finished products per Nye production specifications using the appropriate test methods
Responsible for quality control. Make adjustments as necessary to produce within specifications. Reject product outside of specifications.
Provide on-the-job training to new and/or inexperienced employees
Maintain essential communications with supervisors and co-workers to ensure coordination of production
Maintain a clean work environment
Responsible for responding to assigned corrective actions per the CAR system
Must understand verbal and written directions given in the English language.
Attend all company training sessions/classes as required per SOP#6.2.1-1
Non-Essential Duties:
Clean equipment as needed and repair if necessary
Other duties as assigned
Physical/Mental Requirements:
Willingness to learn
Maintain a flexible schedule
Team player
Able to meet deadlines
Ability to Multitask
Requires minimal supervision
Basic Math Skills
Ability to lift 100-lbs. and move 55-gallon drums of material
Position(s) Supervised:
None
Educational Requirements:
High school diploma or equivalent, Associate degree preferred
Computer literate preferred
Experience Requirements:
Completed Assistant Technician training
Experience in a manufacturing environment
Mechanical ability
Special Licenses/Degrees:
Forklift

Job Posted by ApplicantPro


Go to apply 

