Job Title = Engineer

About Us

Hope. Care. Cure. These three simple words capture what we do at Seattle Children's –- to help every child live the healthiest and most fulfilling life possible. Are you ready to engage with a mission-driven organization that is life-changing to many, and touches the hearts of all? #HOPECARECURE

* ENGINEER -

Our founding promise to the community is as valid today as it was over a century ago: we will care for all children in our region, regardless of the families' ability to pay. Together, we deliver superior patient care, advance new discoveries and treatments through pediatric research, and serve as the pediatric and adolescent, academic medical center for Washington, Alaska, Montana and Idaho – the largest region of any children's hospital in the country.

In 2019, U.S. News & World Report once again ranked Seattle Children's among the nation's best children's hospitals – for the 27th year in a row. We received national rankings in all 10 specialty areas evaluated by U.S. News & World Report, and are honored to be the only pediatric medical center in Washington to be ranked.

As a Magnet designated institution, and classified among America's best large employers by Forbes, we recognize the importance of hiring and developing great talent to provide best-in-class care to the patients and families we serve. Our organizational DNA takes form in our core values: Compassion, Excellence, Integrity, Collaboration, Equity and Innovation. Whether it's delivering frontline care to our patients in a kind and caring manner, practicing the highest standards of quality and safety, or being relentlessly curious as we work towards eradicating childhood diseases, these values are the fabric of our culture and community. The future starts here.

Overview

Responsible for operation of boiler room, machine rooms, and related systems throughout Seattle Children's, and repairs and maintenance of the complex to provide a safe and comfortable environment for staff and patients.

Please note: This position works nights 3 nights per week.

Requirements

Required Education/Experience: - High school graduate or equivalent - Minimum five (5) years experience in operation of high pressure steam boilers, and related systems and devices. Required Credentials: - A minimum of a Grade 2 Steam Engineer license issued by the City of Seattle obtained within 12 months of hire - Seattle Refrigeration Operating Engineer license must be obtained within 12 months of hire. Preferred: - Grade 1 Steam Engineer license issued by the City of Seattle.

Our Commitment to Diversity

Our community welcomes diverse experiences, backgrounds, and thoughts as this is what drives our spirit of inquiry and allows us to better connect with our increasingly diverse patients and families. Our organization recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.

The people who work at Seattle Children's are members of a community that seeks to respect and celebrate all the qualities that make each of us unique. Each of us is empowered to be ourselves within this community, which cultivates and promotes equity, diversity, and inclusion at all levels.

Seattle Children's is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Workplace and Affirmative Action Employer.
SDL2017


Go to apply 

