Job Title = Engineer

Engineer - Bourne Salads 42 hours per week 4 on 4 off 19.00 - 07.00 SALARY / BENEFITS £38,950 + £3k shift allowance 22 days holiday Highly competitive rewards package including Group Pension Excellent career progression prospects across the Bakkavor group COMPANY/ SITE DETAIL We are the leading provider of fresh prepared food in the UK, with an international presence in the US and China.
Our 19,000 employees operate from 39 locations, developing and producing innovative food for a wide variety of occasions and budgets.
In the UK, we work with leading grocery retailers, focusing on their own label brands.
Bakkavor Salads is based in Bourne and specialises in making prepared fruit, leafy salads and stir fry mixes.
It employs over 1,100 people and forms part of the Bakkavor Salads sector in the UK.
DUTIES: Comply with Bakkavor SHE and all statutory Safety, Health and Environment requirements.
Ensure accurate and timely records are entered / recorded of all work carried out, root causes of failures identified and provide traceability of spares / consumables used.
Ensure engineering downtime is accurately logged, monitor repair times and find new methods / procedures to reduce these.
Ensure operating and maintenance manuals, diagnostic instructions and special tools are readily available to all engineering staff.
Provide engineering support to production to ensure efficient performance of all equipment.
Manage contractors and audit their work in the absence of the Factory Support Manager.
Train, develop and sign off nominated production staff to allow them to carry out first line maintenance to designated plant & equipment.
Ensuring that all H&S procedures and engineering practices are adhered to.
To plan, control and implement agreed small projects.
To maintain and develop appropriately equipment knowledge and engineering skills.
QUALIFICATIONS/EXPERIENCE REQUIRED Understanding of PLC and computer-controlled equipment Time served apprenticeship / nationally recognised electrical qualification and mechanical qualifications.
Competent electrical / electrical fault finding and analysis skills.
Self-managing.
Must be able to work efficiently under own supervision or as part of a team.
Flexible attitude towards work and working days / hours as required.
Sound communication and training skills.


Go to apply 

