
JOB TITLE: Inspector
Reports To: Head Inspector
Position Summary:
This position is responsible for checking Raycar’s manufactured goods and documenting the findings. This position assists the Head Inspector in processing day to day Raycar inspection reports, customer inspection reports, certificates of compliance and other day to day required paperwork.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
1. Inspects per WI-1003 Standard Inspection Procedure and the day to day in-process manufactured parts per WI-1002 In-process Inspection Reports. Consistently documents findings.
2. Approves by signing off shop folder, completes operation in Jobboss, and moves in-process parts to next operation. Adds operator notes, operator suggestions and program numbers to Jobboss .
3. Performs final inspection prior to shipping parts. Signs off and approves for shipping. Ensures the proper paper work is completed per customer instructions and accompanies the shipment either by enclosing paperwork in the package or e-mailing paperwork to the customer.
4. Operates Analytical Measuring Machines and Video Measuring System to check parts.
5. Assists Head Inspector with calibration records.
6. Uses QT9 to initiate product non-conformance records.
7. Assists with training of Raycar’s inspection process to new employees.
8. Suggests to team of any possible necessity to create Corrective Action Requests, Preventive Action Requests, and MRM issues.
9. Assists Head Inspector in completing required PPAP components including Process Flow Diagrams, Process Failure Mode and Effects Analysis, Control Plans, Gage R&Rs, Warrants, Capability Studies and other customer required documentation.
10. The Inspector must be able to identify any issues and inform Head Inspector of issue.
11. Will be required to use micrometers, calipers, height Gages and a Zeiss CMM to perform first piece and final inspection.
12. Must be proficient in programming using calypso software.
Management Responsibilities:
N/A
Education and/or Experience:
This position requires a high school diploma or equivalent, one year experience or two to three years CNC experience. This position requires extensive experience in quality systems and the interpretation of blueprint reading is necessary. Good communication skills and the ability to work well in a group environment are necessary to perform this position. A good understanding of Microsoft Office, QT9, PPAP’s, and Jobboss is also helpful to carry out the duties of this position.
Work Environment:
This individual often works with inspection equipment and with tools in a job shop environment. It is also necessary to work with coolants, oils, and solvents in the environment. This individual often stands for 6 to 12 hours per day, but could also sit and work with computers for 6 to 12 hours per day and must remain mentally alert. This position can also require constant bending at the waist and lifting and carrying up to approximately 50 lbs. Regular walking throughout 30,000 square foot building may also be necessary.


Go to apply 

