Job Title = Technician

Job Title: Automobile Technician

Department: Service Department
Reports to: Service Manager

Position Description: The Automobile Technician is responsible for inspecting, maintaining, and repairing cars and light trucks. She/he provides the mechanical support for the automobile dealership. Requires proficient use of tools, such as: computerized diagnostic tools and power tools (pneumatic wrenches, lathes, welding torches, jacks, and hoists).
Duties & Responsibilities:
Organizing and coordinating schedules
Analyzing and interpreting data
Calibrating precise measurements
Problem solving
Communicating with the public
Completion of written work order
Manual dexterity
Mechanical, technical, troubleshooting, and customer service skills
Certificates, Licenses, & Registrations:
Refrigerant Handling License.
Physical Demands:
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to lift or carry 40-60 lb. mechanical parts and tools, bend, kneel, reach, stand for long periods of time, climb ladders, or handle and assemble parts. Frequently uses small hand tools and computer.
Work Environment:
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee may be exposed to outside weather conditions. The employee is frequently exposed to moving mechanical parts and fumes or airborne particles. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate or loud.

THE ABOVE DECLARATIONS ARE NOT INTENDED TO BE AN “ALL-INCLUSIVE” LIST OF THE DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE JOB DESCRIBED OR OF THE SKILLS AND ABILITIES REQUIRED TO PERFORM THE JOB. RATHER, THEY ARE INTENDED ONLY TO DESCRIBE THE GENERAL REQUIREMENTS OF THE JOB.

Signature (Employee) Date

Signature (Supervisor) Date


Go to apply 

