Job Title = Technician

Tired of working in one location? In need of change? Are you Mechanically inclined? Looking for a company that appreciates you? Then look no further! A career at Alliance is just what you have been looking for!

As a Road Technician with Alliance you will be responsible for:

Servicing customers
Troubleshooting
Repair of forklifts
Routine maintenance
All Technicians must be able to communicate with customers about their equipment including explaining the condition of the unit, problems found and needed repairs.
Candidates should be efficient, organized and dedicated.
Requirements
All Road Technicians will be traveling to and working at customer facilities, interacting and communicating with customers to keep their equipment operating safely and efficiently
Road Technicians are responsible for providing the best possible service, maintenance, diagnosis and repair on customer and company equipment
Battery maintenance and basic electronic repairs
The job of Road Technician is physically demanding and requires the ability to work in a variety of awkward positions while repairing forklifts and any other job related machinery
Must have manual dexterity and strength to handle parts, tools and equipment.
The job also requires the ability to lift up to 100 pounds
Technical experience in repairs of electric, gas and LP forklifts a must
All Technicians must have their own tools and a good driving record
Benefits
Alliance Material Handling, Inc. is the leading forklift dealership in the Baltimore / DC area. We have been providing parts, service, rentals and sales to our customers for over 60 years. Our customer base expects honesty, integrity, quality and dependability which we also look for in our employees. AMH is an Employee Owned company! Our fast paced environment will give you the opportunity for advancement within our company. If you would like to be part of a growing family and are looking to achieve success, consider this position.

Alliance Material Handling, Inc. offers a competitive salary and benefits package including health insurance, dental and vision coverage, life and disability insurance, 401(k) with company contribution, ESOP (Employee Stock Ownership Program), paid holidays and PTO (Paid Time Off), Tuition Reimbursement.


Go to apply 

