Job Title = Engineer

About Us

Welcome to the DoubleTree by Hilton Tampa Airport - Westshore hotel. Just five minutes from Tampa International Airport, this hotel is close to the Bay area's finest entertainment, shopping and dining. Complimentary 24-hour airport shuttle service, complimentary parking, complimentary in-room WiFi and a well-equipped 24-hour complimentary fitness center make us one of the best Tampa Airport hotels.

Description

To maintain the guestrooms and back of the house areas in good repair by performing various tasks related to a variety of trades including but not limited to carpentry, plumbing, electrical, air conditioning, painting, wall covering and masonry to ensure an attractive and well-maintained hotel.
The Engineer will:
Inspect guestrooms, public spaces and back of the house areas to repair, touch up or replace light bulbs, lamps, switches, outlets, faucets, toilets, hardware, filters, paint, furniture, wall covering, caulking, grouting or other miscellaneous repairs. This requires the individual to visually inspect and detect items needing repair and requires a considerable knowledge of a wide variety of maintenance trades. Basic electrical, plumbing, carpentry and mechanical experience is used frequently on the job. Performing these duties requires experience in using basic hand and power tools and the ability to stoop, kneel, grasp, lift, push and pull weights up to 200 lbs. climb ladders up to 30 feet high and reach in all directions, often times overhead.
SUPPORTIVE FUNCTIONS:
In addition to performance of the essential functions, this position may be required to perform a combination of the following supportive functions, with the percentage of time performing each function to be solely determined by the supervisor based upon the particular requirements of the hotel.
Report major repairs and items that cannot be repaired to the dispatcher for further action and if necessary, place a room out of order.
Perform all the essential functions of Shift Engineer when required.
Due to the nature of the business the individual may be required to do other duties and special projects as assigned by the supervisor, such as making props or cleaning of the workshop.
SPECIFIC JOB KNOWLEDGE, SKILL AND ABILITY
The individual must possess the following knowledge, skills and abilities and be able to explain and demonstrate that he or she can perform the essential functions of the job, with or without reasonable accommodation, using some other combination of skills and abilities:
Knowledge of all maintenance trades, including basic electrical, plumbing, mechanical and carpentry.
Basic mechanical aptitude for operation and repair of hotel equipment.
Skill in the use of related tools (including both hand and electric tools).
Basic English language communication and mathematical skills in order to communicate with co-workers, fully comprehend job assignments and perform accurate simple arithmetic functions.
Ability to perform tasks requiring bending, stooping and kneeling.
Ability to push and pull objects or materials weighing up to 200 lbs.
Ability to climb stairs and ladders, working at heights up to approximately 30 feet, for extended periods of time, with the ability to reach, often times overhead.
Ability to grasp, lift or carry items weighing up to 100 lbs. occasionally waist high.
Ability to work alone with minimal supervision.
Ability to deal with a number of problems requiring initiative and good judgement.
Ability to move and work throughout the hotel for the duration of the shift.

Requirements

A minimum of three years recent general mainenance experience required, preferably in a hotel. Must be able to work a flexible schedule (am/pm/weekends & holidays). All candidates are subject to background check and drug screening.


Go to apply 

