Job Title = Engineer

Why American Express?

There’s a difference between having a job and making a difference.

American Express has been making a difference in people’s lives for over 160 years, backing them in moments big and small, granting access, tools, and resources to take on their biggest challenges and reap the greatest rewards.

We’ve also made a difference in the lives of our people, providing a culture of learning and collaboration, and helping them with what they need to succeed and thrive. We have their backs as they grow their skills, conquer new challenges, or even take time to spend with their family or community. And when they’re ready to take on a new career path, we’re right there with them, giving them the guidance and momentum into the best future they envision.

Because we believe that the best way to back our customers is to back our people.

The powerful backing of American Express.

Don’t make a difference without it.

Don’t live life without it.

You won’t just shape the world of software.
You’ll shape the world of life, work and play.

Our Software Engineers not only understand how technology works, but how that technology intersects with the people who count on it every day. Today, innovative ideas, insight and new perspectives are at the core of how we create a more powerful, personal and fulfilling experience for all our customers. So if you’re interested in a career creating breakthrough software and making an impact on an audience of millions, look no further.

You won’t just keep up, you’ll break new ground.

There are hundreds of opportunities to make your mark on technology and life at American Express. Here’s just some of what you’ll be doing:

Taking your place as a core member of an agile team driving the latest development practices
Writing code and unit tests, working with API specs and automation
Identifying opportunities for adopting new technologies
Leading a team of engineers that delivers knowledge management solutions to businesses worldwide

Are you up for the challenge?

Preferably a BS or MS degree in computer science, computer engineering, or other technical discipline
2+ years of software development experience with full development lifecycle
Ability to effectively interpret technical and business objectives and challenges and articulate solutions
Willingness to learn new technologies and exploit them to their optimal potential
At the core of Software Engineering

Every member of our team must be able to demonstrate the following technical, functional, leadership and business core competencies, including:

Agile Practices
Porting/Software Configuration
Programming Languages and Frameworks - Java, Spring, Vertx, React, full stack development
Business Analysis
Analytical Thinking
Business Product Knowledge Employment eligibility to work with American Express in the U.S. is required as the company will not pursue visa sponsorship for these positions.

Schedule: Full-time


Go to apply 

