Job Title = Technician

I. Job Summary
Technician Assistants Work under direct supervision and follows established procedures to accomplishassigned tasks. Performs minor repairs and limited preventive maintenance (PM)on assigned equipment. Technicians work at a higher level of expertise. This position is secondshift. II. Essential Duties and Responsibilities To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform thefollowing tasks.
Performs all work in accordance with established safety procedures.
Performs minor repairs and assigned preventive maintenance services.
Completes required paperwork utilizing fleet maintenance software program associated with repairing vehicles, documenting parts usage, and accounting for repair times.
Assists in the repair and adjustment of equipment.
Washes vehicles and equipment.
Conducts safety checks on vehicles.
Assists senior Mechanics in the completion of project work.
Assists with service calls for breakdowns.
Performs other maintenance related work as required.
Maintains a clean, safe work area in compliance with Corporate / OSHA Standards. III. SupervisoryResponsibilities This job has no supervisory duties. IV. Qualifications The requirements listed below are representative of the qualificationsnecessary to perform the job. A. Education and Experience
Education: Not required
Education preferred: Auto or Diesel Maintenance degree or certificate
Experience: No prior work experience required.
Experience Preferred: Some auto, diesel, or heavy equipment maintenance experience. B. Certificates,Licenses, Registrations or Other Requirements
Must be at least 18 years of age
Legally eligible to work in the United States.
Ability to perform physical requirements of the position with or without reasonable accommodations. C. Other Knowledge,Skills or Abilities Preferred
Ability to learn
Mechanical aptitude
Strong work ethic
Safety focused V. Work Environment Listed below are key points regarding environmental demands and workenvironment of the job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enableindividuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of the job.
Required to use motor coordination with finger dexterity (such as keyboarding, machine operation, etc) most of the work day;
Required to exert physical effort in handling objects less than __ pounds most of the work day;
Required to be exposed to physical occupational risks (such as cuts, burns, exposure to toxic chemicals, etc) often;
Required to be exposed to physical environment which involves dirt, odors, noise, weather extremes or similar elements often; Normal setting for thisjob is: repair/maintenance shop.


Go to apply 

