Job Title = Technician

Technician
GROW WITH US! We offer daytime work hours with best-in-class pay & benefits and an extensive training program. Most of all, we have a fun, family-business atmosphere where our employees can grow to their fullest potential!
Established in 1969, Standard Equipment is the Northern Illinois Distributor for Elgin Sweeper, Vactor, Autocar and Envirosight. These brands represent the very best environmental solutions for our municipal and contract customers. Our recent growth has created opportunities for Technician candidates with the desire to challenge themselves, learn about Elgin/ Vactor/ Autocar equipment, and work as a team to keep our customers' machines up and running. As our Technicians master their technical and customer-service skills, they advance to full Journeyman or Management/ Sales positions.
Key Responsibilities:
Works with Journeyman Technicians to diagnose and repair heavy environmental equipment such as medium/ heavy- duty trucks, sweepers, and refuse equipment.
Dispatch to customer locations as needed to perform periodic maintenance or repairs.
Participate in classroom and hands-on continuous training.
Contribute to the delivery of Standard Equipment’s promise of speed, quality and customer satisfaction.
Maintain a safe and organized workplace.
Qualifications (Education and/or Experience):
Positive, growth-oriented mindset, enjoy constant learning and challenges.
H.S Diploma or equivalent.
Aptitude for the diagnosis and repair of mechnaical, electrical and hydraulic systems in medium/ heavy duty trucks and mobile equipment.
Valid driver’s license with satisfactory driving record. Obtain CDL within 6 months of employment.
Beginning stages of diesel technical training highly desirable.
Basic computer knowledge.
Knowledge of basic safety practices.
English proficiency, oral and written.
Ability to lift up to 50lbs was well as climb stairs and ladders.
Standard Equipment is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to equal opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or Veteran status.


Go to apply 

