
JOB SUMMARY:
This employee will operate one or more of various production machines. Machines operated may include: lathes, mills, drills, saws, automatic welders, benders, punches, shears, flame cuts, hi-definition & plasma, laser, heat treat, shot blast, etc. As a cross-functional team member of this division he or she may also assemble components and perform other duties as assigned.
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:
Read information from blueprints.
Set up, adjust, and operate production equipment while monitoring the performance of the machine and carrying out operations in proper sequence.
Set up fixtures, mount parts in fixtures, and perform mechanical assembly using hand and air tools (wrenches, torque wrenches, impact wrenches, screwdrivers, hammers, etc.).
Place components into fixtures with a hoist and manually. Remove parts from fixtures, clean, de-burr, check for quality using measuring tools (micrometers, gauges, tape measures, rulers, squares, etc.), and detect and correct defects.
Use a computer to check the location, inventory, and routing of parts and maintain production records.
Meet or exceed typical production, quality, attendance, and safety expectations and work independently much of the time with limited supervision.
Through behavior and communication, maintain positive relationships with customers, supervisors, and co-workers.
WORK ENVIRONMENT:
Manufacturing plant conditions (indoors, with variable temperature and humidity, noise, and dirt).
Physical hazards such as powered vehicle, bicycle, and pedestrian traffic, sharp objects, moving machinery, electrical arc-welding equipment, and materials handling.
Work with hazardous materials, such as coolant, solvents, oils, grease, & pressurized gases.
A variable work schedule (ranging from 8-12 hours daily) and some scheduled work on Saturdays
An expectation to work at least 50% of the Extra Time (ET).
JOB QUALIFICATIONS:
Be familiar with and have basic experience using mechanical repair and assembly tools including wrenches, screwdrivers, pliers, etc.
Have appropriate reading, clerical, and basic math skills including understanding written instructions, maintaining production records, and calculating sums, differences, and fractions.
Be able to regularly handle items weighing in excess of 60 pounds includes pushing, pulling, lifting, and positioning items.
Have a good work record, including attendance, safety, performance, behavior, self-motivation, attention to quality, ability to learn new skills and a cooperative personality.
Experience or training in welding, machining, mechanical repair, or metal working machinery operation would be beneficial.
PHYSICAL DEMAND CHARACTERISTICS: Heavy
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
Standing: Frequent
Sitting: Frequent
Walking: Occasional
Twisting: Frequent
Bending: Frequent
Elevated Work: Occasional
Squatting/Kneeling: Occasional
Climbing: Occasional
Pulling/Pushing: up to 50lbs
Floor to Knuckle: up to 60lbs
Knuckle to Shoulder: up to 35lbs
Shoulder to Overhead: up to 25lbs
COMPETENCIES FOR SUCCESS:
Decision Quality- Making good and timely decisions that keep the organization moving forward.
Optimizes Work Processes-Knowing the most effective and efficient processes to get things done, with a focus on continuous improvement.
Communicates Effectively- Developing and delivering multi-mode communications that convey a clear understanding of the unique needs of different audiences.
Collaborates- Building partnerships and working collaboratively with others to meet shared objectives.
Demonstrates Self-Awareness- Using a combination of feedback and reflection to gain productive insight into personal strengths and weaknesses.
Action Oriented- Taking on new opportunities and tough challenges with a sense of urgency, high energy, and enthusiasm.


Go to apply 

