Job Title = Technician

With a great working environment, a great owner, and honesty & integrity in the Automotive Industry we are eager to find the right match for our growing Service Department.

General Description:
The Technician is responsible for performing repair and service maintenance on customer and dealership vehicles within management’s guidelines for productivity, safety, and efficiency.

Duties and Responsibilities:
Receive repair or service job from dispatcher, advisor, or team leader.
Perform a diagnosis and report back to advisor with work that is required and await authorization.
Review vehicle history file and any factory bulletins that apply to vehicle make and model, paying special attention to outstanding campaigns.
Make notes regarding proposed and additional work on hard copy or technician terminal.
After authorization, request any parts required from the parts department and return any parts that have been requested to be saved by the customer or factory.
After parts are received, complete required authorized repairs and create notes on the hard copy or technician terminal.
Perform work as outlined on repair order with efficiency and accuracy, in accordance with dealership and factory standards.
Diagnose cause of any malfunction and perform repair.
Communicate with parts department to obtain needed parts. Save and tag parts if the job is under warranty or if requested by the customer.
If required, perform test drive and restore vehicle to original condition making sure that it is clean.
Examine the vehicle to determine if additional safety or service work is required.
Inform dispatcher, advisor, or team leader of the job completion and make any final notes regarding suggested additional work.
Keep informed of all safety guidelines of management and other agencies, especially the disposal of hazardous waste.
Take all required and suggested training, keeping a record of classes and certification completed.
Keep the work area clean and maintain the condition of both personal tools and shop tools.

Skills Required and Physical Demands:
1. Ability to lift 50 pounds.
2. Ability to communicate both verbally and with written documentation.
3. Completion of technical training school or factory apprentice program.
We offer our employees:
Medical, dental, and vision coverage
Three (3) sick days per year
401(k) plan participation with employer match
Paid vacation
Employer-paid life insurance and AD&D
Apply Online Now!
We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer dedicated to a policy of compliance with all federal, state, and local laws regarding nondiscrimination in employment. No questions included in our application process are intended to secure information to be used for unlawful purposes. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status. Consistent with the provisions of the Americans With Disabilities Act (ADA), applicants may request accommodations needed to participate in the application process.

Keywords only: Santa Clarita, Canyon Country, Saugus, Castaic, Newhall, Automotive, Auto, Mechanic, Nissan, Tech, Infiniti Tech, Infiniti Technician, Nissan Tech, Nissan Technician


Go to apply 

