Job Title = Technician

Security Systems Integrator seeking experienced Field Technicians for Gilbert, Arizona. APL Access & Security, Inc. has been serving Arizona for over 30 years. We are a Security Systems Integrator specializing in installation and service for Access Control, CCTV, Intrusion Detection Systems, Gate Systems, Door Hardware, and much more for Corporate, Industrial, Local Municipalities, and Federal Government entities. Our accounts spread throughout the entire State of Arizona. APL currently employs more than 35 employees and has over 30 service vehicles, man lifts, and specialty equipment.
APL Access & Security, Inc. is headquartered out of Gilbert, Arizona and has its own state of the art, 13,000 sq. ft. stand alone facility that will provide plenty of room for growth and opportunity. APL opened its Tucson division in January of 2007 with a 7,000 sq. ft. office and warehouse space. This office also provides room for growth and opportunity. APL Access & Security, Inc. is a dynamic and progressive company dedicated to providing our customers with the best in security products and services.
We are currently seeking a qualified Technician to join our team!
We have a great workplace and take good care of our team members! As a technician for APL you can expect:
To be working on security installations for our government and business clients
Work Hours M-F 7am-4pm, hours may vary depending on project.
We will provide a work vehicle as well as the specialty tools needed for the job
Great benefits including:

Medical/Dental Insurance after 60 days for Employee Only. (APL will cover 100% of Health costs for employee only)(APL will cover 50% of Dental costs for employee only)
Dependents may enroll. Dependant costs will be 100% employee responsibility.
Company Vehicle for business use only.
Company cell phone for business use only.
Company Laptop or Tablet for business use only.
Company Shirts.
Specialty Tools.
Paid Vacation-One Week after one year, Two Weeks after two years.
Paid Holidays after 90 days.
Factory Training upon acceptance of APL Training Agreement.
401K Plan
Job Requirements
Experience with any of the following systems:
Lenel
Software House
DSX
Sielox
Milestone
Genetec
Hanwha
AXIS
Avigilon
IP Video/VMS Solutions
Shooter Detection
School Lockdown
DMP
DSC
Door Hardware installation experience a plus.
Factory Certifications a plus.
Programming and terminating panels a plus.
Strong computer and networking skills a plus.
All candidates will go through a background check and drug screening. Must have a clean motor vehicle record, clean criminal record, and be drug free. 21+ Years of Age per insurance requirements for driving commercial vehicle. Technicians will be required to obtain a State Alarm Agent License.


Go to apply 

