Job Title = Engineer

RELOCATION AND/OR SPONSORSHIP ARE NOT AVAILABLE
**APPLICANTS MUST APPLY ONLINE AT:
Company Summary:
Kauffman Engineering, LLC, a privately held, American company is well established since its beginning in 1973. We have grown from a small wiring harness operation into a multimillion-dollar company with a highly respected role as a worldwide supplier of electrical harnesses, lead wires, cable assemblies and molded plugs.
Kauffman Engineering, LLC is headquartered at 701 Ransdell Road, Lebanon, IN 46052 and has an immediate opportunity for an Engineer at our Lebanon facility.
Engineer Job Summary:
The Engineer will primarily be responsible for the coordination and technical leadership of design, development, and engineering changes of both new and existing products from concept generation through manufacturing.
Engineer Key Job Responsibilities:
Evaluate and translate customer electrical systems needs into Kauffman language/formats and determine appropriate components that match design with manufacturability.
Coordinate and manage new product introduction and engineering change schedules with customers and through the manufacturing process.
Provide technical support to customers
Stay informed on industry news and trends regarding products, competitors, emerging technologies, etc.
Continually research and recommend product/process improvements to improve quality, lower costs and/or increase market competitiveness
Actively participate in product quality review from design through manufacturing
Participate in issue resolution with customers.
Lead/participate in problem solving and/or continuous improvement teams.
Assist in the design and development of processing and/or test equipment.
Prepare component and assembly cost estimates to support quoting processes
Provide support to manufacturing to ensure product is fabricated and assembled based on the intended functionality of the design.
Engineer Requirements:
BS degree in manufacturing/electrical engineering or technical certification preferred – electrical engineering is a plus.
Experience in a manufacturing or project engineering environment is a plus.
Willing to work in an environment which includes both office and shop floor.
Must be able to communicate effectively with customers, suppliers, and coworkers - written and verbal.
Possess strong interpersonal, team building,planning and organizational skills.
Strong computer skills required. AutoCAD and Excel skills required, experience with Creo software is a plus
Bilingual (English/Japanese) a plus.
Travel – up to 20% (as needed).
No relocation or sponsorship assistance offered.


Go to apply 

