Job Title = Technician

Repair Technicians
1st shift 7:45am to 4:30pm or 5pm
$16-20/hr.
Must be OT Flexible

Must be Mechanically Inclined.
Must be able to read blueprints.

SUMMARY OF ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
Under close supervision, the Repair Technician is responsible for all processes related to disassembly and assembly of less complex rotating equipment.
The Repair Technician follows instruction from a Repair job packet and router to perform DCI (Dismantle Clean and Inspect) and gives a written description of the wear and condition of critical components.
The Repair Technician I will assemble the seal following assembly procedures specific to the product, complete all inspection forms, and uses inspection equipment for proper documentation of the assembly.
The Repair Technician will, install all tagging, and prep the seal (primary boxing) prior to moving it to shipping/receiving.

SPECIFIC DUTIES, ACTIVITIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE BUT ARE NOT LIMITED TO:
Under close supervision, repairs returned seals or seal parts.
Receives parts and materials returned by customers and branch offices.
With assistance, identifies and inspects material returned. Records information on designated forms.
With assistance, evaluates from condition of material, current drawing revisions and product knowledge whether material is restockable or repairable. Receives assistance from Seal Repair personnel or supervisor when needed.
Ensures all components are properly cleaned and free from foreign material per departmental procedures.
May perform simple operations on drill press (single spindle), tool post grinder, bead blast polisher and lapping machine.
Perform the assembly of the seal once the repair has been released to the shop and all components have been replaced or reconditioned and marked ready for assembly.
Verifies part specifications with measuring instruments such as micrometer, vernier caliper, dial indicator and optical flats.
Consults with Engineering department or Sales departments as necessary.
Works from factory work orders, prints, rework orders and verbal instructions.
Performs simple contract lapping - at times rebuilds simple seals, etc.
Exhibit behavior that contributes toward an environment that encourages teambuilding, decision-making, problem solving, and continuous improvements.
Ensures compliance with existing policies and procedures.
Maintains a clean and neat work environment.
Take a proactive approach to continuous improvement including productivity, quality, safety, environmental and ergonomics.
Additional duties as assigned.

EHS REQUIREMENTS:
Complete all work in a safe manner and follow all safety requirements consistent with supporting the Company s goals.
Lifting guidelines in accordance with the Manual Lifting Guidelines noted in the Safety Handbook.
Follow all environmental requirements consistent with supporting the company s environmental performance goals.
Complete, and actively participate in all other EHS training requirements.

POSITION REQUIREMENTS:
Requires High School Diploma or equivalent.
Minimum 12 months previous related shop experience plus two to six months on-the-job training.
Ability to read, write, and comprehend simple instructions, short correspondence, and memos.
Ability to effectively present information in one on one and small group situations to customers, clients, and other employees of the organization.
Ability to add and subtract two digit numbers and to multiply and divide with 10's and 100's.
Ability to understand and complete instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form.
Ability to deal with problems involving several concrete variables in standardized situations.

PHYSICAL/MENTAL REQUIREMENTS:
Must be able to raise, lower and moves parts weighing up to 60 pounds when required.
Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, color vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus.
Must be able to stand for extended periods of time.
Must be able to maneuver to all areas of an office, shop, or warehouse.
Must be able to safely bend, reach, kneel, twist, and grip items while working at area.
Must have the manual dexterity and coordination to operate hand tools and mechanical tools.
Must be able to work at a fast pace.
Must be able to tolerate changing priorities, and complete assignments despite frequent interruptions.
Must be able to respond to visual and aural cues.
Must be able to read, write, speak and understand English.


Apply now

