Job Title = Engineer

About Us

Located near Phoenix’ Sky Harbor Airport, the Hilton Garden Inn Phoenix Airport North provides a central location for travelers as well as those looking to explore all hat Phoenix has to offer. Attractions near the hotel include Sun Devil Stadium, Phoenix Zoo, Chase Field, US Airways Arena, Rawhide Western Town, and the Desert Botanical Gardens. On-site activities include a fitness center and outdoor pool, and the hotel is conveniently close to public golf courses, hiking and other outdoor activities.

Description

To maintain the guestrooms and back of the house areas in good repair by performing various tasks related to a variety of trades including but not limited to carpentry, plumbing, electrical, air conditioning, painting, wall covering and masonry to ensure an attractive and well-maintained hotel.
The Engineer will:
Inspect guestrooms, public spaces and back of the house areas to repair, touch up or replace light bulbs, lamps, switches, outlets, faucets, toilets, hardware, filters, paint, furniture, wall covering, caulking, grouting or other miscellaneous repairs. This requires the individual to visually inspect and detect items needing repair and requires a considerable knowledge of a wide variety of maintenance trades. Basic electrical, plumbing, carpentry and mechanical experience is used frequently on the job. Performing these duties requires experience in using basic hand and power tools and the ability to stoop, kneel, grasp, lift, push and pull weights up to 200 lbs. climb ladders up to 30 feet high and reach in all directions, often times overhead.
Detailed record keeping in English is required for logs and inspection sheets.
Other:
Regular attendance in conformance with the standards, which may be established by Pyramid Hotel Group from time to time, is essential to the successful performance of this position. Employees with irregular attendance will be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.
Due to the cyclical nature of the hospitality industry, employees may be required to work varying schedules to reflect the business needs of the hotel.
Upon employment, all employees are required to fully comply with Pyramid Hotel Group rules and regulations for the safe and efficient operation of hotel facilities. Employees who violate Hotel rules and regulations will be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.
SUPPORTIVE FUNCTIONS:
In addition to performance of the essential functions, this position may be required to perform a combination of the following supportive functions, with the percentage of time performing each function to be solely determined by the supervisor based upon the particular requirements of the hotel.
Report major repairs and items that cannot be repaired to the dispatcher for further action and if necessary, place a room out of order.
Perform all the essential functions of Shift Engineer when required.
Due to the nature of the business the individual may be required to do other duties and special projects as assigned by the supervisor, such as making props or cleaning of the workshop.
SPECIFIC JOB KNOWLEDGE, SKILL AND ABILITY
The individual must possess the following knowledge, skills and abilities and be able to explain and demonstrate that he or she can perform the essential functions of the job, with or without reasonable accommodation, using some other combination of skills and abilities:
Knowledge of all maintenance trades, including basic electrical, plumbing, mechanical and carpentry.
Basic mechanical aptitude for operation and repair of hotel equipment.
Skill in the use of related tools (including both hand and electric tools).
Basic English language communication and mathematical skills in order to communicate with co-workers, fully comprehend job assignments and perform accurate simple arithmetic functions.
Ability to perform tasks requiring bending, stooping and kneeling.
Ability to push and pull objects or materials weighing up to 200 lbs.
Ability to climb stairs and ladders, working at heights up to approximately 30 feet, for extended periods of time, with the ability to reach, often times overhead.
Ability to grasp, lift or carry items weighing up to 100 lbs. occasionally waist high.
Ability to work alone with minimal supervision.
Ability to deal with a number of problems requiring initiative and good judgement.
Ability to move and work throughout the hotel for the duration of the shift.

Requirements

QUALIFICATION STANDARDS
Education: Any combination of education and experience equivalent to graduation from high school or any other combination of education, training or experience that provides the required knowledge, skills and abilities. High school diploma preferred.
Experience: Basic experience in maintenance trades, including electrical, plumbing, mechanical and carpentry. Minimal (1) one year hotel experience preferred.
Licenses or certificates: No licenses required.
Grooming: All employees must maintain a neat, clean and well groomed appearance (specific standards available).
Note: The hotel functions seven (7) days a week and twenty-four (24) hours per day. All employees, both management and hourly, must realize this fact and be aware that at times it may be necessary to move an employee from their accustomed shift as business demands.


Go to apply 

