Job Title = Technician

We are currently an IT Technician to work with our client in Nassau County,Long Island, NY. Must have experience installing, maintaining and troubleshooting network equipment. In addition to providing desktop/laptop and peripheral support.

Must have excellent communication skills
Must be able to work remotely and at various client site locations in South Nassau County.

The right candidate will be a a detail-oriented, thorough, and organized IT technician. In this position, you will play a key role in providing support for client end users. You will update systems, troubleshoot problems, and provide hands-on support for IT issues on behalf of various clients.

Duties and Responsibilities
Keep systems up-to-date through operating systems upgrades.
Monitor networking equipment and servers.
Assist with the design, implementation, and ongoing support of new software and features.
Monitor web performance, network availability, and security.
Oversee troubleshooting for system errors.
Provide helpdesk support for network issues.
Provide technical support either by phone, remote access or site visits as needed.
Respond to IT issues; hardware maintenance, software, networking, etc.
Evaluate connectivity issues, equipment, and software.
Modify configurations, utilities, software, etc.
Set up equipment for new users.
Install, test, and monitor servers, firewalls, and new software.
Perform data backups.
Install and update network system improvements as needed.
Assist with Servers, LAN/WAN technologies, computer repair/troubleshooting software, networks, virus protection, Wi-Fi technology, and more.
IT Technician Requirements and Qualifications
High school degree or equivalent; Bachelor’s degree in computer science, information systems or related field preferred.
CompTIA A+, CompTIA Net+ certification or other related IT professional certification; meet all state required licensure/certification.
Previous experience as a help desk technician, computer technician, or IT support.
Ability to troubleshoot and resolve multiple issues.
Ability to multitask, prioritize, and manage time efficiently.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Comfortable in a diverse and fast-paced environment.
Goal-oriented, organized team player.
Experience working with network and server management support.
Up-to-date knowledge of new systems, information, software, and upgrades.
Ability to physically stand, bend, squat, and lift equipment.
ZR1


Go to apply 

