Job Title = Technician

Bob Smith Family of dealers is seeking an experienced Automotive Service Technician, with or without Luxury car experience, for our well-established car dealer group in Calabasas, CA.
We offer over 100 years of Automotive Service experience combined with a progressive and green approach to the Automotive Industry in Los Angeles.
Our business is expanding, and we are looking for a career minded individual to join our team to grow with us.
Whether you are just starting off your shop career as an apprentice or looking for a forever home to establish roots and ultimately retire from.
Our business is owned and operated by two of the most impressive women in the business.
Catherine and Anne are themselves are 4th generation Smith Family owner/operators with decades of experience between them.
Our service team is led by Catherine Hodac, a fixed ops veteran with 15 years Automotive parts and service experience.
Catherine Hodac started her career as a service cashier here at Bob Smith BMW.
Now, she sits the head of multimillion-dollar Service Operation that employs over 50 team members.
Our business is expanding, and we are looking for a few career minded individuals to join our team and grow with us.
What we offer: * Extremely generous pay plan that exceeds our competitor's compensation plans in the L.A.
market * Paid ASE Testing and Paid OEM Training throughout the year * OEM Apprentice program with a full set of tools included * Full uniform set and paid cleaning * Quarterly Bar-b-q's and team appreciation events * Fully indoor shop with heating and cooling.
So, no working outside in the summer heat nor the winter chill * Shop Bonus Programs paid out weekly * We believe in promoting from within.
It's our philosophy that the best employee is the one we already have.
* Employee Vehicle Purchase Program * Generous Paid Vacation allowances so you and your family can unwind and explore all the world has to offer * Café on site @ BMW/MINI to keep you and our guests fed and caffeinated * United Pet Discount Program options for your furry friends * Selection of Aetna© HMO and PPO Medical options to keep your family healthy and fit * Vision Insurance through EyeMed© with generous annual allowances for you and your family * 401(k) offered by American Funds© from Capital Group© * Supplemental Insurance Program (FSA, Accident Insurance, Cancer Insurance, Disability Insurance and Life Insurance) The Ideal Team Member will have a: * Positive and Friendly demeanor with external guests as well as with internal team members they are being asked to lead * High degree of time management skills with ability to priorities business needs * Creative a winning customer experience culture by identifying and anticipating customer needs and wants * Be high energy and desire to grow themselves through continuous self-improvement and training * The ability to work collaboratively within a team.
Ability to see and offer the right solution, to the right customer, at the right time * Have and maintain a clean driving record * Impressive time management skills * A positive view on technology and its integration into the workspace.
Hireology . Category:Automotive, Keywords:Transmission Auto Mechanic, Location:Calabasas, CA-91302


Go to apply 

