Job Title = Technician

Provide technical assessment/inspection support, engineering technical services, and program/logistics support for AN/SQQ-89 and associated equipment/subsystems both ship/land based site installations.
General Requirements:
Fabricates, installs, maintains, and repairs electronic, mechanical, and/or other types of components and equipment.
Installs, maintains, repairs, overhauls, troubleshoots, modifies, constructs and tests various types of electrical, electronic, and/or mechanical equipment and related devices.
Applies technical knowledge of electronics principles in order to put equipment in operational condition and solve complex problems.
Troubleshoots and corrects malfunctions using specialized test and diagnostic equipment.
Modifies circuitry to improve performance.
Makes recommendations for improvements or modifications to correct problems.
Provides operation/maintenance instruction to customer personnel.
Prepares operating and malfunction reports and related documentation.
Works with engineering staff to determine and solve equipment design problems.
Performs quality assurance testing of assemblies and equipment fabricated by other technicians.
Provides work leadership to less-experienced technicians.
Maintains current knowledge of relevant technologies as assigned.
Participates in special projects as required.

Education

AA/AS

Qualifications

A minimum of six (6) years troubleshooting, evaluating, repair and general experience with the AN/SQQ89 Sonar System and associated equipment.
Must be able to assess AN/SQQ89 system architecture, computer processing system interfaces to locate and correct shipboard faults.
For more than 50 years, General Dynamics Information Technology has served as a trusted provider of information technology, systems engineering, training and professional services to customers across federal, state, and local governments, and in the commercial sector. Over 40,000 GDIT professionals deliver enterprise solutions, manage mission-critical IT programs and provide mission support services worldwide. GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.

Need help finding the right job?
We can recommend jobs specifically for you! Click here to get started.


Go to apply 

