Job Title = Engineer

British Pepper & Spice, part of the SHS Group, operates across three sites in the UK, supplying all of the major multiples with retailer branded products, as well as the food service sector.

In addition, we have a highly successful Industrial Division supplying many of the leading UK and European food manufacturers.

We are now looking to recruit an experienced Engineer to maintain and keep in good repair factory machinery with as little downtime as possible based at our plant in Chandlers Ford.

In the role you will maintain the factory equipment and control systems, responding to breakdowns, PPM`s and focussing on safety, output, product quality, cost effectiveness and preservation.

Providing expertise in Electrical, Mechanical and Pneumatic control systems and ensuring safe and efficient plant operation, you will prioritise workload, develop and complete planned maintenance routines and maintain all relevant technical documentation.

Improving safety standards in the plant and providing necessary training to Operators / setters in basic maintenance skills, you will identify faults and work safely and in line with British Pepper and Spice policies.

We are looking for someone with at least 2 years’ experience in a FMCG environment, preferably within food manufacturing.

With a relevant production engineering based qualification such as NVQ 3 / HND / HNC / BTEC / C & G or similar, and with Electrical bias with 17 th edition, you will ideally be Multi-skilled.

A Food Hygiene/Health & Safety Certificate is desirable, as is PLC knowledge in Siemens and Allen Bradley.

Rotating shift 0600:1430 and 15:30 to midnight (Monday to Friday) – although flexibility will be required to suit business needs/holiday cover etc.

British Pepper and Spice is an equal opportunities employer.

This is a Blue Octopus Recruitment Ltd vacancy who are operating as an employment agency.

Once you have clicked to apply for this vacancy, we will then send you more information on the role including a copy of the application form via email.


Go to apply 

