Job Title = Engineer

Job Title: Engineer Job Ref G3508018 Hourly Rate: Up to £35-£45 max via LTD company Job Type: Contract
- Full Time Duration: 6 months Location: Keynsham, Bristol Government Clearance: Successful applicants will be required to be UK Security Cleared prior to appointment.

IR35: Outside Job Requirements The Whole Boat Support Integrator (WBSI) is responsible for the development and transition of a Support Solution to support the Dreadnought Class submarine in-service.

As an Engineer on the Complex System Integration team you will play a major part in ensuring the supportability requirements for the Dreadnought programme are met.

Through collection, integration and analysis of large amounts of data relating to system reliability maintainability, and cost you will help the team understand the overall supportability of the Dreadnought class Submarines.

Main Purpose of Role As an Engineer on the Complex System Integration team you will be responsible for: Reviewing and understanding component and sub-system supportability analysis with a view to integrating at Whole boat level.

Identifying, understanding, and managing technical supportability risks Facilitating key stakeholders to see technical risks and issues through to resolution Compiling technical reports documenting Whole Boat analysis undertaken.

Required Knowledge, Skills, Experience and Competences A successful candidate will be an excellent communicator, both verbally and in written form, and able to articulate complex arguments for a wide range of stakeholders to understand.

An awareness of systems engineering practices and systems thinking is an essential part of this role.

Candidates will need to be able demonstrate the motivation to drive issues to completion.

A background working on complex systems in a maritime environment, preferably Submarines, would be advantageous for this role.

Experience running numerical model simulations and assessing the output of any analysis is desirable but not essential.

Qualifications HND/HNC or Degree level qualifications Engineering (or related field).

Professional recognition is desirable but not essential.

This vacancy is being advertised by Sitec.

This job was originally posted as


Go to apply 

