Job Title = Engineer

We are currently recruiting for a Service Engineer with an electrical bias for a mobile position in Stoke on Trent.

The Electrical Engineer will implement the building services planned preventative maintenance (PPM) programme and Reactive Maintenance in accordance with the building operating manuals and in compliance with the contract service levels.

The Service Engineer will have a minimum of one years experience in a similar Electrical Engineer position and have all the relevant qualifications.

Day to day duties will consist of Planned Preventative Maintenance Tasks, including but not limited to electrical works, minor plumbing works, and minor buildings works.

Salary Dependent on experience Hours of work Monday to Friday Duties and Responsibilities To implement the building services planned preventative maintenance (PPM) programme and Reactive Maintenance in accordance with the building operating manuals and in compliance with the contract service levels.

To implement electrical and fabric PPM in accordance with the O&M Manuals and service levels to their skill level To implement and co-ordinate the activities of specialist subcontractors into the PPM programme To carry out RM in compliance with the contract service level outputs Report back to the Help Desk and the Regional FM on completion of tasks To support the Assistant Regional FM / Regional FM in all aspects of delivering the FM services contract as may be required Other duties as may be required from time to time depending on the needs of the business Key Skills and Qualifications Formally recognised Electrical qualification/s (Part qualified will be considered) 17 th /18 th Edition qualified (18 th Edition will be provided if not qualified) Prior experience in FM Good knowledge of HVAC equipment / Plumbing / Building Fabric DBS check is required (at Integral’s cost) and training on specific requirements and equipment will be provided.

About Us It’s an exciting time to begin a career at Integral UK LTD as it is Britain’s Largest and fastest growing national provider of high quality comprehensive maintenance services for commercial and public sector buildings providing planned preventative and reactive maintenance for over 1600 clients in 60,000 locations.

We deliver Engineering excellence and a strong partnership culture.

When you work with us, you will be part of the largest national mobile fleet located in every postcode area enabling us to focus a first time fix and a quick and efficient response.

Company Benefits Discount offers at well-known high street stores Contributory pension scheme Employee reward scheme LifeWorks Employee Care Aviva Care App Excellent career progression, training and development opportunities Applying So we can really get to know you and what you can offer please include a CV with your application.

You’re also encouraged to include a covering note explaining how you're a great match for us.

All candidates will be required to provide valid proof of Right to Work in the UK and ID at interview.

We’re expecting this role to be popular, so we may need to close the advert early if response is strong so to avoid disappointment, please apply as soon as possible.

This job was originally posted as


Go to apply 

