Job Title = Engineer

Essential Functions
Notes : These are intended only as illustrations of the various types of work performed. The omission of specific duties does not exclude them from the position. Reviews utility projects, coordinates engineering issues with other departments, divisions, outside agencies, and makes recommendations to bring about consistency with established codes and regulations. Ensure the development of planning, scheduling, design, bidding and construction methods resulting in efficient, regulatory compliant, reliable and operational water, wastewater and reclaim infrastructure. Enforce contract documents for quality and safe construction practices for all parties inclusive of traversing citizens in public right of ways and construction crews. Ensure no pollutant discharge to public bodies of water and wetlands from construction activities.

Represents the Division and the Department at various meetings and conferences and on local technical and advisory committees.

Supports design managers for water and wastewater design contracts, construction support personnel overseeing the construction contractors, and construction engineering and inspection (CEI) contractors. Ensure compliance with permit clearances, warranty bond conditions and utility assets are put into service.

Participates in selection and contracting of consultants, determines project costs for engineering projects, manages financial oversight of invoices and budget matters and approvals, tracks scheduled progress of design and construction activities, reports all aspects of project progress and issues to the Utilities Engineering Manager, and facilitates problem and issue resolution for design and construction projects.

Performs periodic on site assessments of assigned projects. Makes recommendations for corrective actions as necessary.
Organize, directs, and supervises work activities in the areas of engineering review and management.

Generates cost estimates for Capital Projects to assist with budgeting for the Capital Improvement Program.

Reviews and comments on plans submitted by developers, engineers, and the public on County policies regarding water, wastewater, reclaim water and solid waste engineering and represents the Division at Development Review Meetings

Participates in pre-application conferences, project review team meetings, and pre-construction conferences, to assure that engineering design standards and specifications are correct and understood.

Plans, develops, schedules, coordinates, and directs water, wastewater and solid waste projects and ensures their completion on schedule and on budget.

Administers professional services contracts, negotiates changes in scope of work and approves field changes for capital projects as necessary.

Prepares recommendations for the Division's budget and Capital Improvement Program.

Makes decisions and recommendations on engineering problems and methods, using best engineering practices.

Confers with various support staff, such as Inspectors and Technicians, in support of assigned projects.

Uses AutoCAD to generate design plans and update County Details for the construction of potable water, wastewater and reclaimed water projects.

Use hydraulic modeling software to model the County's water, wastewater and reclaimed models to determine capacity analysis, water age and residual calculations.

Additional Duties :
Performs other duties as may be assigned or as may be necessary. In-house project estimator, electrical reviewer and provide SCADA/HMI support.

In the event of an emergency, all employees are considered essential personnel and may be required to perform alternate duties.
Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in environmental engineering, civil engineering, or a related field and six (6) months to six (6) years related experience preferred.
Must possess and maintain either an active State of Florida Engineer Intern (E.I.) license, or an active State of Florida Professional Engineer (P.E.) license.
Skilled in the use of computer aided design systems, geographic information systems, various programs for engineering analysis, database management, document preparation, and general information management.

A comparable amount of education, training, or experience may be substituted for the minimum qualifications. Additional Requirements Knowledge of the principles and practices of engineering, as applies to water, wastewater and solid waste.

Ability to maintain effective working relationships with diverse professionals and other county staff.
Ability to plan, organize, expedite and set work priorities for program and assigned staff.

Ability to analyze and interpret scientific and engineering data.

Knowledge of engineering design, construction methods, materials, standards and techniques related to utility projects.

Knowledge of applicable Federal, State, Water Management District and County laws, rules, regulations, codes, guidelines and permitting requirements.

Ability to evaluate information, make decisions and coordinate programs efficiently.

Ability to plan, organize, expedite and set work priorities for projects.

Ability to communicate effectively both orally and in writing with various groups and individuals.

Ability to prepare clear and effective technical reports and correspondence.

Must possess and maintain a valid Florida Driver's license.


Go to apply 

