Job Title = Technician

Overview

Share on your newsfeed
The Infrastructure Technician will perform skilled infrastructure/structured cabling work in the installation, service and maintenance, repair and alteration of low voltage category cabling, fiber optic cabling, communications cabling and other various low voltage cabling systems. Complete physical installations and removal of structured cabling components, cabinets, pathway systems (cable tray), move equipment, racks, and related communications infrastructure materials.
Location near: Wilmington, NC
Responsibilities

Perform installation and service of low voltage category cabling, fiber optic cabling, communications cabling, communication equipment and other various low voltage related systems such as Category 3, Category 5, Enhanced Category 5, Category 6 and Fiber Optic Structured Cable Distribution Systems.
Evaluate, diagnose, troubleshoot cabling infrastructure systems and perform repairs as necessary.
Perform upgrades and additions to cabling infrastructure systems in order to increase functionality and usability.
Coordinate with other Team Members within North American Commercial Services (NACS) Operations for the purpose of completing projects/work orders efficiently.
Inform operations management regarding procedures and/or status of work orders for the purpose of providing necessary information for making decisions, taking appropriate action and/or complying with OSHA regulations.
Complete required documentation in a variety of written and electronic formats according to company standards such as time reporting for billing & payroll, work order progress & completion, time and materials for client SLAs, etc.
Request equipment and supplies for the purpose of maintaining inventory and ensuring availability of required items, as required.
Respond to emergency situations during or after hours for the purpose of resolving immediate client concerns and meet SLAs.
Transport a variety of items (e.g. tools, equipment, supplies, etc.) for the purpose of ensuring the availability of materials required at client site.
Attend meetings, workshops, training, and seminars for the purpose of conveying and/or gathering information required to perform job functions.
Perform other duties as assigned by management.
Qualifications

Associate degree or Certification in a technology services/technical discipline, or equivalent work experience.
Minimum 2+ years’ experience installing, servicing, and maintaining low voltage cable infrastructure systems such as Category 3, Category 5, Enhanced Category 5, Category 6 and Fiber Optic Structured Cable Distribution Systems. Minimum 2+ years’ experience
Proven ability to install, terminate & test low voltage cables & fiber optical cables to include twisted pair cable, coax, power limited tray cable, stranded & solid conductor low voltage cable, single mode & multi-mode fiber optical cables.
Industry and manufacturer specific experience and/or certifications preferred (examples: BICSI, Panduit, Commscope, Siemens, Corning, Leviton, Ortronics, AV, Fiber Optic, Paging, etc).
Comprehension of terminology pertaining to installation & service of cabling infrastructure for telecom, data, security & wireless systems.
Working knowledge of industry standards including BICSI, ANSI, EIA/TIA, and local and National Electric Code.
When required, healthcare specific certifications and experience (examples: infectious control, safety, bloodborne pathogens certifications, etc.)
Comprehension of publications pertaining to standard cabling for telecom, data, security & wireless systems practices, engineering & Federal, State & local safety standards.
Strong customer/client service orientation with effective communication and interpersonal skills, including tact and diplomacy.
Mechanical aptitude with the ability to read blueprints, architectural, mechanical, and electrical documents.
Proven skills in reliability and dependability demonstrated through completing tasks on time and with minimal supervision, punctual and present for work, informing appropriate individuals when work will not be completed in agreed upon time frame.
Valid driver’s license and ability to safely drive company vehicles. Black Box Network Services offers a competitive total rewards benefits package that includes medical, dental, and vision coverage, in addition to a wide variety of additional benefits like life insurance, employee assistance programs, fitness reimbursements, identity theft protection, education/scholarship programs and more! We understand attracting great talent requires going beyond just competitive compensation and benefits. Black Box provides challenging work that creates advancement opportunities within the organization for those demonstrating desire and aptitude through their achievements. We have no shortage of opportunities. If you are looking for a business that allows for individual reward and growth, we are the place for you! Black Box Network Services is a leading technology solutions provider dedicated to helping customers design, deploy and manage their IT infrastructure. We deliver high-value products and services through our global presence and 2,500 team members. Black Box is an equal opportunity employer. In accordance with Federal, State and Local laws, Black Box does not discriminate against individuals on the basis of race, color, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, religion, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, or any other protected status, and endorses those policies and practices which seek to recruit, hire, train and promote the most qualified persons into available jobs.


Go to apply 

