Job Title = Engineer

Position Summary:
Organizational skills, works well under pressure, self-motivated.

What are the daily job duties they will perform?

Create designs to serve residential, commercial and industrial customers. Create sketches in Autocad, speak to customers about projects to provide service, site customer visits, and coordinate with other departments to serve customer requests.

Travel around the city of Corpus Christi.
It may require occasional overtime up to 5 hours a week normally, other than storm duty.

Principal Accountabilities:
1. Technical Expertise: Possesses intermediate level knowledge and performs varied assignments with proficiency in the application of theory and analytical techniques to solve diverse problems and complete extensive analysis. Demonstrates competency in analytical techniques necessary to handle assignments of moderate complexity. (e.g., by dividing the problem into component steps, and performing the analysis necessary to complete each step). Exhibits ability to understand interrelationship between systems and component equipment. Demonstrate ability to analyze and recommend enhancements to business processes.

2. Leadership & Guidance: Coordinates work activities of others within the work group, department, or other corporate entity as necessary to complete routine activities. Performs routine engineering activity with minimum direction from higher-level employees. Follows policies, practices, standards and rules of the company and those regulations and procedures required by external agencies.Provides training and guidance to lower-level employees.

3. Planning & Organization Ability: Coordinates the development of input necessary to forecast costs for the routine projects, improvements requisitions, etc. Uses scheduling techniques (CPM, PERT, flow charts, etc.) for budget and planning activities. Initiates corrective action when project objectives are not being met.

4. Problem Solving & Initiative: Resolves and initiates solutions to routine problems which usually require additional definition/clarification before analysis can begin. Demonstrates ability to identify problems that are beyond the normal routine. Demonstrates ability and desire to seek out opportunities and embrace new ideas and approaches.

5. Communication: Develops, reviews, or presents technical reports such as improvement requisitions, studies, and analyses in as clear, concise and effective fashion.

6. Interpersonal Skills: Is an active team member. Networks with peers inside and outside the AEP system. Identifies key stakeholders. Uses informal network to get things done.Resolves conflict, builds consensus.

7. Decision Making: Makes decisions subject to review within established policies and procedures. Makes decisions that affect the work of the team. Aware of risks. Demonstrates the ability to extrapolate beyond known facts to reach logical conclusions.

8. Business Awareness & Characteristics: Understands AEP's organizational structure and the specific role and responsibility of their individual organizational unit. Demonstrates an understanding of the budgeting and approval process. Is proficient in the application and use of economic analysis techniques in problem solving. Develops an understanding of utility regulation and financing.

Minimum Requirements: Has typically acquired 2 or more years of related engineering experience along with a Bachelor's degree in engineering in a program accredited by ABET*; Individuals with a Masters or Doctorate degree in engineering may be considered for entry into the organization at this level.

*ABET - Engineering Accreditation Commission of the Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology. Acceptable alter

Experis is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE/AA)

Contract
12 Months


Go to apply 

