Job Title = Technician

JOB REQUIREMENTS AND KPI’s KPI Description Measure Safety Adherence to all Safety Management practices Zero injuries Guest Satisfaction Customer service complaints/compliments NPS Customer feedback positive Achievement of shift targets Timely resolution of all breakdowns Minimal downtime to venue operations Completion of facilities logs All maintenance work is logged accurately Logs filled in and completed weekly THE FINE PRINT Main Areas of focus Key Actions TEAM Develops and maintains positive relationships with team in the venue.
Communicates clearly, concisely, and accurately with the facilities and venue team in order to ensure effective facility operations.
SAFETY Ensures compliance with the responsibilities defined within TEEG’s Safety Management System for the role.
Actively promotes safe work practices and safety culture.
Constantly reviews the venue’s facility and equipment and identifies problems, concerns, and opportunities for improvement.
MAINTENANCE/ VENUE OPERATIONS Carry out preventative maintenance schedules.
Responds to equipment break downs and where possible remedies the problem or escalates.
Assists in managing inventory control of spare parts and tools, and ensures that parts and tools are in working condition.
Venue presentation is maintained to standards directed by the business to ensure guest experience is exceptional.
PROFIT Assists the venue to achieve budgeted EBITDA by ensuring facility equipment is operational, allowing the venue to achieve every revenue opportunity.
KEEP VENUE LOOKING NEW SUPPORT MY MANAGERS Position Description Technician Last Review: April 2018 Next Review: April 2019 Approved by: People & Culture Lead Version1 KEY DETAILS: REPORTS TO: Facilities Manager or Senior Technician DIRECT REPORTS: N/A Capabilities Key Relationships Ability to work autonomously Venue Team members Problem solving skills Venue Management team Ability to manage multi-task and manage effectively in a fast-paced environment Regional Facilities Managers Ability to communicate clearly and concisely, both verbal and written Regional Managers/ Operations Manager Ability to confidently manage venue maintenance and faculty operations Mechanical, electrical – aptitude and interest.
CAREER EXPERIENCE: • Prior Experience working in a customer service environment.
• Previous experience and/or interest in mechanical and electrical environments.
• Solid organization, planning and prioritisation skills.
• Strong problem solving skills.

Part time


Go to apply 

