Job Title = Machine Operator

Share
Top Job
Express Employment Professionals is seeking a highly motivated, dependable individual for a local glass coating company located in Salem, OR.
As a Glass Coater, you will insure safe, efficient operation of coating machines in order to produce coated glass that meets all customer and company performance standards.
Glass Coater requirements:
Two year technical degree and equivalent applicable experience including (after starting) successful completion of company Operator Program.
Ability to address technical issues, concerns and perform preventative maintenance and troubleshoot minor equipment breakdowns & malfunctions.
Must have solid understanding of all plant safety and housekeeping standards.
Must have strong team oriented approach to problem solving.
Excellent communication skills and a proven ability to address complex technical and product quality issues.
Glass Coater duties and responsibilities:
Insure the safe and efficient operation of the MSVD Coater and related equipment.
Operate Console/Control Panel
Monitor all coater equipment to insure proper operation
Trouble shoot process and equipment; perform necessary repairs
Communicate operating and safety issues to all shift personnel
Implement Product Quality Plan
Perform product control plan duties; quarantine off-spec product as required
Perform all tests necessary to insure all product leaving the coater meets product quality standards
Maintain the MSVD coater and related equipment
Perform regular preventive maintenance
Make repairs of equipment following minor breakdowns
Provide assistance to maintenance specialists addressing more complex issues.
Perform all cathode reconditioning/repair preparation work
Operate forklifts and overhead cranes and perform sandblasting in support of maintenance efforts.
Perform other related miscellaneous duties as assigned.
Schedule: Day shift, 6am-6pm
Pay: $20.25/hr + depending on experience.
Begin a great career today and submit your application with job number "P909" AND send your resume to with subject line "Coating Operator". Express Office: Salem 925 Commercial Street South Suite 100 Salem, OR 97302


Go to apply 

