Job Title = Engineer

A fast-growing company known for its ability to provide highly engineered technology, service and system solutions to a range of aerospace and associated markets.
Globally focused with strategic facilities on four continents, we offer a range of products, components and integrated systems that are found on most commercial and military aircraft, as well as on unmanned aircraft, military ground vehicles, shipboard applications and spacecraft. Core product lines include: fluid control, landing gear and actuation, and electro-mechanical control.
CIRCOR Aerospace & Defense, Hauppauge, NY
The Hauppauge NY facility, manufactures and supplies engineered critical control components and sub-systems based on customer requirements to the aerospace and medical equipment markets. Our lean manufacturing facility features a class 10K clean room for flight critical pressure regulators, model line cells for pneumatic weapons release systems, centrifuge production line for blood separation technologies, and an additional production area for kinetic switch components and modules.
KEY PRODUCTS/ APPLICATIONS
Kinetic Switches
Pneumatic Power Modules
Landing Gear Blowdown
High Pressure Regulators
Pneumatic UAV Rail & Tube Launchers
Blood / Plasma Centrifuges
Pneumatic Pinch Valves
MAJOR INDUSTRIES SERVED
Aerospace Military and Commercial
Medical

POSITION DETAILS
Position Summary
Primary purpose of the job is to execute assigned design work to support engineering project activity.
Responsibilities include the conceptual design and development of pneumatic valve as well as some limited pneumatic fluid power control products (i.e. regulators, valves, etc.). Accurately interprets customer specifications to design and develop aerospace qualified hardware.
Designs specialized pneumatic valves using computer aided design and drafting (CADD) tools to meet customer requests; and collaborates as necessary to generate details, assembly drawings, models, bills of materials (BOM), associated production and development procedures/reports.
Act as a subject matter expert in the pneumatic domain and mentor others.
Principal Activities
Works with Sales, Engineering project team members and Engineering management to ascertain compliance of pneumatic valve and component engineer specifications, request for quotations (RFQ) and statement of work (SOW).
Generates design modifications to existing pneumatic designs, which will satisfy a new customer driven design requirement(s).
Creates a new design which are based on proven products but may require scaling and/or geometrical changes that will meet new design requirements.
Provides design solutions to manufacturing problems and sustaining business.
Coordinates and/or prepares the creation of production drawings and documentation.
Reviews, coordinates and/or drafts procedures for hardware development, acceptance and qualification testing.
Provides technical and supervisory guidance to the personnel assigned to support the project, including proposal and development work.
Directs building of prototypes and development hardware.
Coordinates and directs the required design/technical activities for assigned projects as assigned by the cognizant engineer(s).
Collaborates with Design Engineers or be able to perform all their activities.
Completes forms and relevant documentation within the Engineering department for procurement, fabrication and testing.
Performs and/or verifies engineering testing/calculations to meet performance and safety margins.
Prepares and presents information package, including all typical supplier document requirement list (SDRL), for internal design reviews.
Investigates production problems when called upon and searches for solutions; advises and assists other department members on design issues.
CANDIDATE REQUIREMENTS
Education & Experience
Requires a BSME degree.
20 years minimum experience in the design and development of mechanical assemblies.
8 years minimum in the design and development of pneumatic valves.
Knowledge Skills & Abilities
Experience in design of detail mechanical components/control valves
Some project management.
Technical Writing – Acceptance Test Procedures, Design Reports, Qualification Test Procedure/Reports.
Hands-On Experience – Assembly, setup and testing, troubleshooting, laboratory testing
An interest in problem solving and continuous improvement, but no prior experience is required as training will be provided.
Electrical testing, precision testing using meters
Experience or an understanding of circuit boards is a plus
Experience in performing GD&T on complex assemblies based on the latest guidelines.
CADD - Solidworks knowledge is preferred.
Stress analysis - ANSYS/FEA knowledge is preferred
Manufacturing Practices (preferred) – Machining, welding, stamping, molding, etc.
Core Competencies:

Ability to work in a cross-functional, Concurrent Engineering environment. Ability to prioritize, balance, and manage multiple efforts with strong results/goal orientation. Agility and personal adaptability with the ability to successfully manage multiple priorities with a high sense of urgency in a rapidly changing environment.

Knowledge of component design and analysis techniques and utilization of best Engineering practices. Must understand the principal of cost and process effective design.

Identifies and resolves problems in a timely manner; develops alternative solutions; works well in a group problem solving situations; presents ideas and information in a manner that gets others' attention; displays willingness to make decisions; exhibits sound and accurate judgment; supports and explains reasoning for decisions and engages appropriate people in decision-making process.

Strong communication (oral and written), skills. Effectively communicates across all mediums, audiences, and situations. Builds bridges and connections to internal and external customers. Is easy to approach and talk to; is a good listener; relates well to all people throughout the organization.

High ethical standards. Models and supports organization’s goals and values; adapts to changing conditions; demonstrates persistence and overcomes obstacles. Is widely trusted; is seen as a direct, truthful individual; keeps confidences; admits mistakes. Follows through on commitments. Honest and candid.

Understanding of Requirements Management, including change configuration management, traceability, validation and verification, etc.

Demonstrated lean engineering transformation capability - A success pattern that demonstrates steadily expanding scope and depth of responsibility and continuously improved personal outcomes. Displays original thinking and creativity; Meets challenges with resourcefulness; Generates suggestions for improving work.

Broad tactical & strategic “bandwidth”, i.e., the ability to successfully manage multiple and/or rapidly changing priorities. Learns quickly when facing new problems; a relentless and versatile learner; open to change; strives for continuous improvement.
Other
US Persons Only (US citizens, lawful permanent residents, refugee or asylee – all require proper identification and documentation).
Physical and Environmental Requirements: While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee is frequently required to stand and sit. The employee is occasionally required to walk and reach with hands and arms. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 20 pounds.
Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision.
Work environment includes front-office and manufacturing.
The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.
Pre-Employment Verifications: Must pass background and reference checks, drug screen, and physical examination prior to employment.
We are an E-Verify participant.

an EEO Employer of Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities


Go to apply 

