Job Title = Technician

About Aggreko plc:

Around the world, people, businesses and countries are striving for a better future. A future that needs power and the right conditions to succeed.That’s why at Aggreko, we work ‘round the clock, making sure our customers get the electricity, heating and cooling they need, whenever they need it – all powered by our trademark passion, unrivalled international experience and local knowledge. From urban development to unique commercial projects and even humanitarian emergencies, we bring our expertise and equipment to any location, from the world’s busiest cities to some of the most remote places on earth.Every project is different, so we listen first and design a system supported by our service anywhere, to any scale. Transforming the lives and livelihoods of individuals, organisations and communities across the globe.
We are seeking a highly motivated, skilled, and dependable Technician (either Power Generation or Industrial Temperature Control) in the New Iberia, LA area. This person will be responsible for the service and repair of Aggreko generators, diesel engines, electrical distribution equipment, temperature control equipment and/or air compressor systems.
Sound like you? Here’s what you’ll need to demonstrate:
Drive for Results: Drive for results is a deep-seated inner desire to compete against standards of excellence and achieve ‘step changes’ in business results. It covers the desire to strive for constant improvement and to continuously redefine what can be achieved both in the market place and with the resources that are available to the individual. Outstanding performers focus their energy on achieving objectives, which support the long-term success of the business. They do this in a way that demonstrates maturity and self-control
Task Completion: Reliable, Focused, Committed to Completing Tasks
Resilience: Persistent, positive, self-reliant
Accountability: Drives better outcomes by taking personal responsibility
Customer Focus: Understands the importance of customer needs, whether internal or external, focuses on responding to them and develops relationships
Working Together with Others: Relates to people, engages, builds relationships
Desired Skills:
We’re Experts. You’ll have the following experience:
High school diploma/GED or equivalent years of work experience
Technician I: 2-5 years of relevant work experience
Technician II: 4-7 years of relevant work experience
PC literacy in a Microsoft and/or ERP environment
Excellent interpersonal skills
Excellent customer service skills
Positive enthusiasm and high energy
Embraces and promotes Safety Culture
Positive, self- starter who enjoys working with others in a fast-paced environment to deliver consistent quality
Reliable and committed to delivering quality performance
Ability to lift heavy objects
Must be available for on-call schedule
Desired Power Generation Technician Skills:
Experience servicing, testing and installing commercial or industrial diesel generators
Natural gas generator experience would be a plus
Desired Industrial Temperature Control Technician Skills:
Industrial temperature control or compressor experience would be a plus
Electrical Distribution with 3 phase up to 480v preferred
Experience working on chillers or industrial temperature control equipment
Experience with frequency drive motors
Experience servicing, testing and installing commercial refrigeration equipment
Your key responsibilities:
We’re Dynamic & Innovative. In an ever-changing business you will be nimble in seizing opportunities to pioneer effective ways to meet and exceed your responsibilities:
Perform preventive maintenance and repairs of equipment and documents this as directed by his/her supervisor.
Complete necessary paper work timely and accurately which may include data entry and general use of relevant computer systems and software as directed.
Troubleshoot equipment failures both in-house and on customer locations and handle repairs.
Perform overhead services on diesel engines
Sets up and operate equipment as directed both in-house and at customer locations.
Utilize mathematical formulas to determine both nominal and effective tonnage and/or kW requirements.
Maintain thorough knowledge of and capability in reading and understanding schematics.
Maintain thorough knowledge of, actively practice, and promote safe working conditions in accordance with OSHA, EPA and other required regulations dealing with safe operation of all equipment.
Obtain & maintain necessary certifications required to operate any equipment as dictated by federal, state and/or local ordinances.
Prepare various reports as directed to maintain accurate records on equipment and preventive maintenance.
Prepare expense reports and/or service reports within prescribed time periods.
The people you’ll work with:
We’re Together. In this role, you will have the opportunity to directly contribute to the success of your colleagues and interact with the wider Aggreko team.
Other information you should know:
Physical Requirements:
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Frequent periods are spent sitting and standing in the same location. While performing the duties of this job, the employee may occasionally be required to move about or lift heavy objects (typically less than 50 lbs.)
Work Environment:
The employee may frequently be exposed to outside weather conditions. The work environment usually has a moderate to loud noise level. You may be asked or required to work after regular business hours including nights, weekends, and holidays.
Disclaimer:
This information should not be construed as the position’s exclusive standards. Performing other assigned duties is required. Reasonable accommodation may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential functions. Employees are responsible for knowing and following all company policies and procedures and Federal, State, and Local governmental regulations including Environmental Health and Safety requirements while working and representing Aggreko.
Compensation and Benefits
Competitive compensation
Profit Sharing
Stock Purchase Plan
Company paid - industry leading benefit plan including retirement with lucrative company match; paid leave, 10 paid holidays and a full insurance offering including medical, dental, life, vision, prescription drug, AD&D, and disability plans.

At Aggreko, we’re leading with confidence, bringing advanced rental energy solutions to the world, and providing you with pathways for success. If you are interested in joining our dynamic team, please submit your resume today.

Aggreko is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer, Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled.
About Us
We’re the people who use our big boxes to make a massive difference.We believe in the positive impact of power and the ability to control temperature. We believe what we do opens up opportunity and creates potential for individuals, communities, industries and societies over the world.We believe when we work together we can do anything. We believe in the power of our team.We’re the people who keep the lights on. And we recruit the best talent, too.

Our four values help us get even better at what we do.It’s the Aggreko way of working – we call it Always Orange.
Always Orange means:

Being dynamic: We’re nimble and are always ready to react to an ever changing world.
Being expert: We know our stuff, we’re great under pressure and we thrive in our busy, fast-paced, deadline-driven environment. We use our experience to make a difference. We know how to challenge and we have the courage of our convictions.
Being together: We play for Team Aggreko and value the expertise of everyone around us. We’re accountable and we hold others to account.
Being innovative: We never miss an opportunity to learn, to look out, or to be better.


Go to apply 

