Job Title = Engineer

Bowhead is seeking multiple Engineers to join our team in supporting the Naval Surface Warfare Center – Crane Division. We are seeking Software Engineers, Radio Frequency (RF) Engineers and various levels of Systems Engineers. Individual requirements are listed below.

Senior Software Engineer: Qualified candidates must have at least a Bachelor’s degree in Computer, Electrical or Electronics Engineering or Mathematics concentrating on Computer Science in addition to at least three (3+) years of professional experience in a computer design, software development or computer networking position.

Senior RF Engineer: Qualified candidates must have a Bachelor’s degree in Electronics Engineering with a major or concentration in microwave and radio frequency (RF) theory in addition to at least seven (7+) years of professional experience in microwave and radio frequency (RF) design.

Senior Systems Engineer: Qualified candidates must have a Master’s degree in Systems Engineering and at least five (5+) years of professional experience in Electronic Countermeasures Systems.

Junior Systems Engineer: Qualified candidates must have a Bachelor’s degree in an Engineering discipline and at least seven (7+) years of professional experience in Systems Engineering.

Bowhead is seeking to network with qualified individuals relative to this potential opportunity, which is contingent upon award and not currently funded. Please click the link at the bottom of this posting to apply for consideration. Incumbent employees are encouraged to respond. No solicitations or third party applications will be accepted.

Requirements • Qualified candidates must possess the education and required years of experience listed above commiserate with the applicable position
• Individual positions may require additional certifications based on tasking (ie, Security+ or similar)
• Intermediate to advanced level skills in Microsoft Office software suite - Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint
• Ability to communicate effectively with all levels of employees and outside contacts
• Strong interpersonal skills and good judgment with the ability to work alone or as part of a team

SECURITY CLEARANCE REQUIRED: Must currently hold a security clearance at the Secret level. US Citizenship is a requirement for Secret clearance at this location.

Applicants may be subject to a pre-employment drug & alcohol screening and/or random drug screen, and must follow UIC’s Non-DOT Drug & Alcohol Testing Program requirements. If the position requires, an applicant must pass a pre-employment criminal background history check. All post-secondary education listed on the applicant’s resume/application may be subject to verification.

Where driving may be required or where a rental car must be obtained for business travel purposes, applicants must have a valid driver license for this position and will be subject to verification. In addition, the applicant must pass an in-house, online, driving course to be authorized to drive for company purposes.

UIC is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, age, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics EOE/AA/M/F/D/V. In furtherance, pursuant to The Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act 43 U.S.C. Sec. 1601 et seq., and federal contractual requirements, UIC and its subsidiaries may legally grant certain preference in employment opportunities to UIC Shareholders and their Descendants, based on the provisions contained within The Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act.


Go to apply 

