
Production - Manufacturing Wilkes-Barre, PA, US Job ID: 19545 Req ID: PCC-US.222271 Job Type: Full-time Date Posted: 2018-10-18 16:15:08
Machine Operator – Tru Form

Wyman-Gordon Tru-Form, a division of Precision Castparts Corporation (PCC), is a manufacturing leader of Flash Welded and Cold Rolled near net shaped rings for the Aerospace Industry. We are currently seeking a highly motivated Machine Operator for our Tru Form facility located in Wilkes-Barre. The Machine Operator tends fabricating machines such as rolls, presses, forming machines, spinning machines and both conventional and CNC lathes that form and cut aerospace alloys in ring form. If you are considering a job change and want a professional career, please take a look at Wyman-Gordon. We provide hands-on training to Machine Operators.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Reads job specifications to determine machine adjustments and material requirements

Sets stops or guides to specified parameters as indicated by scale, rule, or work instruction

Adjusts parameters as needed to produce product conforming to print

Observes machine operation to detect work piece defects or machine malfunction

Measures work piece dimensions to determine accuracy of machine operation

Removes burrs, sharp edges, rust, or scale from work piece

Performs minor machine maintenance such as oiling machines, dyes or work pieces

Set up machine, and stack, mark, pack and transport finished work pieces

Other duties as assigned

QUALIFICATIONS & EDUCATION

High school diploma or general education degree (GED) and one to three years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.

The Following skills are required:

Ability to add, subtract, multiply, and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals.

Ability to read and comprehend simple instructions, short correspondence, and memos; ability to write simple correspondence; ability to effectively present information in one-on-one and small group situations to direct supervisor, co-workers and other employees of the organization.

Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out detailed but uninvolved written and oral instructions; ability to deal with problems involving a few concrete variables in standardized situations.

Ability to read blueprints.

PHYSICAL DEMANDS

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to stand; walk; use hands; reach with hands and arm. The employee is frequently required to stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must regularly lift and/or move up to 25 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

WORK ENVIRONMENT

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly exposed to moving mechanical parts. The employee is occasionally exposed to wet and/or humid conditions and extreme heat. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.
For more information on the Company and to apply, visit the PCC website at
E.O.E M/F/D/V
As an equal opportunity employer, Wyman Gordon is committed to a diverse workforce. In order to ensure reasonable accommodation for individuals protected by Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Vietnam Veterans’ Readjustment Act of 1974, and Title I of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, applicants that require accommodation in the job application process may contact for assistance.


Go to apply 

