Job Title = Engineer

There are 7 billion people on this planet. And by 2050, there will be 2 billion more... many moving into urban centers at an unprecedented rate. Making sure there is enough food, fiber and infrastructure for our rapidly growing world is what we’re all about at John Deere. And it’s why we’re investing in our people and our technology like never before in our 175-year history. Here the world’s brightest minds are tackling the world’s biggest challenges. If you believe one person can make the world a better place, we’ll put you to work. RIGHT NOW.
Primary Location: United States (US) - Illinois (US-IL) - East Moline
Function: Product Engineering
Title: Engineer - 60734

Your Responsibilities
As an Engineer for Harvester Works, you will be responsible for developing, coordinating, and executing the PV&V testing of Cab and Electrical (C&E) components and systems for harvesting equipment. In addition, you will:
Develop test plans to mitigate project risks derived from various sources to verify and validate C&E hardware and software to meet John Deere performance and reliability goals as well as ISO specifications
Integrate with project teams to develop and drive schedule which coordinates with test plans
Develop action plans to mitigate high project risks and test status reports/reviews
Work with technicians and supporting engineers to design, develop, and implement test stand builds and ongoing operation
Document any issues found with performance, functionality or durability of items under test
Report test results and work with design engineers to determine root cause of issues and resulting corrective actions; create and deliver reports to leadership groups as needed
Develop and update test procedures
Direct the work of shop technicians assigned by their supervisors to troubleshoot and fix field problems, including coordinating the installation of hardware, software, and instrumentation
Travel to the field to coordinate, perform tests, and mitigate issues
Work with suppliers to resolve component and system issues
Visa sponsorship is NOT available for this position.
What Skills You Need
Previous work experience with electrical and software systems in design or testing (SIL/HIL/VIL)
Understanding of controller communication protocols (CAN/LIN) along with recording and analyzing data
Excellent computer and problem-solving skills; self-motivated with excellent organizational and communication skills
Ability to work with multifunctional, cross-cultural design teams and interface with vehicle design centers and suppliers
What Makes You Stand Out
Other areas of experience or interest that will help us place you on the right team include:
Agricultural background with harvesting experience and combine/front end equipment operational knowledge
Experience with test planning and executing with electrical systems and components
Understanding of instrumentation and data acquisition systems (eDaq, NI, DEWESoft, etc.)
Ability to perform advanced analysis of engineering data (InField, nCode, GlyphWorks, Matlab, etc.)
Experience with John Deere online systems (V2Net, EIS, EETS, NCCA, etc.)
Education (or equivalent work experience)
Ideally, you will have a degree or equivalent work experience in the following:
Bachelor's degree in Mechanical, Computer, Electrical or Agricultural Engineering
What You'll Get
At John Deere, you are empowered to create a career that will take you to where you want to go. Here, you'll enjoy the freedom to explore new projects, the support to think outside the box and the advanced tools and technology that foster innovation and achievement. We offer comprehensive relocation and reward packages to help you get started on your new career path. Click here to find out more about our Total Rewards Package.
The information contained herein is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities and qualifications required of individuals performing the job. The qualifications detailed in this job description are not considered the minimum requirements necessary to perform the job, but rather as guidelines.
John Deere is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, among other things, race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, status as a protected veteran, or status as a qualified individual with disability.


Go to apply 

