Job Title = Engineer

Performs professional engineering assignments in support of Command, Control, Communications, Computers, and Intelligence (C4I), Automated Information Systems (AIS), and Information Technology/National Security Systems (IT/NSS) engineering efforts in one or more of the following disciplines: communications, electronics, communications security, network analysis, electromagnetic capability, electronic countermeasures/ electronic counter-countermeasures (ECM/ECCM), Command and Control (C2) mission analysis, interoperability analysis, system standards, military operations (ground, sea and air), program analysis, or program planning. Has thorough knowledge of infrastructure, application programming, and web and software applications. Work requires thorough knowledge of concepts and recent developments in the specialty area.

Supports the design and implementation of information systems that will effectively support the enterprise infrastructure of the organization. Analyzes system requirements and ensures that systems will offer security and will be effectively integrated with current applications. Responsible for the design, development, implementation, and analysis of technical products and systems. Performs engineering design evaluations. May develop a range of products to support test and evaluation processes and services. Recommends modifications and enhancements during application/system development and design to improve quality of services, products, and/or procedures. Interacts with other engineering groups to define, document, analyze, perform, and interpret tests for products, systems, components, or modifications. Reviews reports concerning production, malfunction, and maintenance to determine or address problems. Identifies functional problems and suggests resolutions. Assists in the definition of internal quality control standards and the maintenance of reliability programs. Analyzes test cases and provides regular progress reports. Acts as an advisor to test teams regarding projects, tasks, and operations and acts as a liaison to other engineering functions. May supervise and coordinate activities with network/system technicians. Typically reports to a manager or department head. A certain degree of creativity and latitude is required.
SDL2017


Go to apply 

