
POSITION - Machine Operation/Packaging.

JOB LOCATION - Manitowoc, WI.

STARTING DATE - Immediate.

EMPLOYMENT TERM - Temp-to-hire.

EMPLOYMENT TYPE - This is a full-time position.

WORK HOURS (SHIFT) - 1st, 2nd, and 3rd shift.

STARTING PAY - $14-$14.80/hour.

REQUIRED EDUCATION - High School Diploma/GED.

REQUIRED EXPERIENCE - Previous experience in a manufacturing environment.

JOB DESCRIPTION:

Understand and comply with safety rules and regulations. Operate equipment and machines under supervision. Load and unload parts into and out of furnaces. Inspect parts for quality of product. May sort parts for packing using appropriate equipment and procedures. May package parts using appropriate equipment and procedures. Complete required paperwork. Maintain workplace organization and cleanliness according to 5S standards. Proper use of lubes and coolants where required. Maintain communication within the team and between shifts. Promptly inform Supervisor or Value Stream Leader of quality-related issues. Attend meetings and training sessions when necessary. Actively participate in continual improvement efforts as they relate to quality, safety, 5S, environmental and production efficiency. Any other duties assigned by Shift Supervisor, Value Stream Leader, or Management.

Keywords: (machine operation, packaging, production, manufacturing).

Ask about our $100 referral bonus!

About SEEK Careers/Staffing:

You are a person with unique skills, experience and education. When you want to be heard and when you want to be matched with great career opportunities that are right for you, you can count on SEEK Careers/Staffing, Inc. Since 1971, our professional staffing consultants have been Servicing Your Success . You'll find that the process is thorough and that your experience is personalized.

SEEK Careers/Staffing is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate against otherwise qualified applicants on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, age, sex, marital status, national origin, disability or handicap, genetic, military status or any other basis prohibited by federal, state, or local law.


Go to apply 

