Job Title = Technician

Great Western Leasing & Sales (GWLS) is a dynamic trailer sale, leasing, and rental company in significant growth mode. The company is headquartered in Irvine, California and currently has operations in Fontana, CA; Albuquerque, NM; Phoenix, AZ; Grants Pass, OR; Dallas, TX; Houston, TX; Dearborn, MI; and Salt Lake City, UT. GWLS is seeking expansion into other sites in its current footprint, as well as into other cities across the country.
Responsibilities:

Inspect and perform maintenance/repairs to Department of Transportation regulations
Weld aluminum, stainless steel, and carbon
Inspects air brake lines, couplers, tanks, valves, shoes, drums, pads and rotors; services, adjusts and/or replaces components where necessary
Inspects low voltage wiring couplers, harnesses, lights, batteries, and charging systems; services adjusts and/or replaces components where necessary
Inspects body and chassis rails, side-sheets, caps, doors, retainers, fasteners, floors and plates for damage or defect; performs metal and wood carpentry tasks to repair/replace; performs sheet metal and paint work to finish Inspects, operates, lubricates and repairs lift gate minor mechanical, electrical and hydraulic assemblies
Requirements:
Mandatory 5+ years technician experience
Mandatory 2+ years welding experience – training a plus
Must have own set of hand tools
Valid driver's license and reliable form of transportation
Knowledge of flatbeds drop decks and dry vans, 12 volts, air systems, vapor systems
Any certification a plus
Physical Demand:

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
While performing the duties of this job, the associate is frequently required to stand, walk, reach with hands and arms, and stoop, kneel, crouch or crawl. The employee regularly is required to sit. The employee is frequently required to talk or hear; use hands to finger, handle or feel; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, and ability to adjust focus. Must operate equipment such as phone, computer, copy machine, fax machine, fork truck, yard goat, hand tools, welding equipment and refrigerated trailers.
Work Environment: While performing the duties of this job, the associate is regularly exposed to working near moving mechanical parts, working in high precarious places, toxic or caustic chemicals, and risk of electrical shock. The employee is frequently exposed to fumes or airborne particles. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate too loud. The employee will be exposed to extremes in temperature and environmental conditions. The employee may work in a shop, yard or out of a mobile service vehicle.
Salary: DOE
Work Location: Phoenix. Az


Go to apply 

