
he current position open is a long term contract with in our Manufacturing and Engineering Services.
Rate: $15.00 - $16.00 Hourly
(Hours over 40 will be paid at Time and a Half)
Shifts Available:
1st Shift 8 hour 6:45am-3:00pm Monday through Friday
2nd Shift 8 hour 2:45pm - 11pm Monday through Friday
3rd Shift 8 hour 10:45pm - 7am Sunday through Thursday
*Overtime and weekend work can be mandatory based on our workload right now we are having mandatory overtime but it will switch back to voluntary at some point.*
Location: North Chicago Illinois 60064
Position Details:
Packaging Operator
Inspects, labels and packages raw and finished products.
May be required to maintain records according to Good Manufacturing Practices.
May be working in a clean-room environment.

- Operating packaging equipment or similar technical/pharmaceutical experience preferred not required.
- Experience with safety, quality, GMP guidelines
- Following procedures or similar experience (recipes, blueprints, high regulations)
- Leadership background or potential
- Maintenance/technical background with troubleshooting equipment, performing set-ups, cleaning equipment
- Experience with operating systems or programs used on the equipment
Operations of Production Lines.
Effectively operate production line.
Maintain change parts and tooling in base condition.
Support setup of production line and equipment.
Setup of Production Lines.
Assist in setup of automated equipment in primary or secondary packaging area.
Monitor assigned production lines for performance and identify/resolve performance related operation issues.
Line Clearance: Perform housekeeping cleans on the finishing lines.
Perform Quality impactful tasks throughout the production run, including but not limited to challenges, parameters, pulling samples, in-process checks and bulk/commodity accountability.
Ability to identify product defects.
Troubleshoot minor equipment related issues and performs minor adjustments to improve equipment efficiencies.

Jennifer Winterer
Senior Recruiting Manager


Go to apply 

