Job Title = Machine Operator

Job Overview
Machine Operator- Essex, VT
SIGN ON BONUS This position is eligible for $1000 sign on bonus. Eligibility and payout will be explained at the time of offer.
The Machine Operator is responsible for monitoring Keurig Dr Peppers production processes; including operating manufacturing equipment and maintaining compliance with Keurig Dr Peppers high standards for safety and quality. This role will be engaged and understand initiatives to improve safety, quality, delivery, cost and culture.
Position Shift and Schedule
This is a full time permanent position working 12 hour shifts. Flexibility to work overtime, weekends, and holidays is required as scheduled.
Available Shifts:
Days 1- Monday thru Wednesday and alternating Thursdays from 6:00 AM to 6:15 PM
Days 2- Friday thru Sunday and alternating Thursdays 6:00 AM to 6:15 PM
Nights 1- Monday thru Wednesday and alternating Thursdays 6:00 PM to 6:15 AM
Nights 2- Friday thru Sunday and alternating Thursdays 6:00 PM to 6:15 AM
Position Compensation
The hourly wage could range from $17 - $19 per hour including the shift differentials. Attractive benefits package (medical, dental, vision, 401k, paid time off, etc).
Position Responsibilities

Solve other line issues.

Train other operators on use of machinery.

Perform best practice quality checks on line and equipment.

Set up machinery and ensure all production materials are available.

Operate and monitor equipment and replenish materials as needed.

Monitor line for defective materials and perform any other related work in accordance with line quality.

Record all data as required (i.e. charts, necessary process adjustments based on data findings, etc.).

Clean and sanitize all equipment and facility as required.
Requirements

High school diploma or general equivalency diploma (GED)

1 year prior experience with operation of high-speed production machinery

1 year prior experience monitoring of product quality

Lift, push and pull a minimum of 50lbs repeatedly
#IND #CB
Company Overview & EEO Statement
Keurig Dr Pepper (KDP) is a leading coffee and beverage company in North America with dual headquarters in Burlington, MA and Plano, TX, with annual revenue in excess of $11 billion. KDP holds leadership positions in soft drinks, specialty coffee and tea, water, juice and juice drinks and mixers, and markets the #1 single serve coffee brewing system in the U.S. The Company maintains an unrivaled distribution system that enables its portfolio of more than 125 owned, licensed and partner brands to be available nearly everywhere people shop and consume beverages. With a wide range of hot and cold beverages that meet virtually any consumer need, KDP key brands include Keurig, Dr Pepper, Green Mountain Coffee Roasters, Canada Dry, Snapple, Bai, Motts and The Original Donut Shop. The Company employs more than 25,000 employees and operates more than 120 offices, manufacturing plants, warehouses and distribution centers across North America.
Benefits built for you: Our people are the heart of our business, which is why we offer robust benefits to support your health and wellness as well as your personal and financial well-being. We also provide employee programs designed to enhance your professional growth and development while ensuring you feel valued, inspired and appreciated at work.
Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. is an equal opportunity employer and affirmatively seeks diversity in its workforce. Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. recruits qualified applicants and advances in employment its employees without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, disability, genetic information, ethnic or national origin, marital status, veteran status, or any other status protected by law. EOE Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled
Candidates must be able to pass a background check and drug test, as applicable for the role.
Job ID 2019-14980
Function Supply Chain
Shift Variable


Go to apply 

