Job Title = Engineer

RGBSI, a leader in the staffing industry, is dedicated to providing the highest quality of services to our clients and employees. We are proud to be the primary staffing partner to top companies in the automotive, aerospace, IT, media & entertainment, sports, energy, and finance industries. As a result of our clients' continued growth, we are looking for energetic, personable professionals to partner with these leading US companies.

Looking for an experienced engineer that will be integrated with a core team of engineers to develop products and equipment for the mobility industry. The position will require individual and team work in in a fast paced, hard working environment where speed, contribution, and accuracy are required. In this position you will be expected to have a working understanding of machine design and standard engineering industry practices. Activities will include adapting current design, creating solutions for the new, unique and difficult as well as supporting other design, prototyping and testing needs. This position is eligible for contract renewal and subject to performance requirements.

Qualifications, Skills & Experience – Contract Engineer

u B.S. Mechanical Engineering or Mechanical Engineering Technology

u 5 years of applicable industry experience with proven track record

u Experience with Machine Design & Analysis

u Experienced with Fabrication & Manufacturing

u Problem Solving

u CAD - Autodesk Inventor Professional 2018: Design and Analysis Tools

u Other Software: Microsoft Products, Epicor

u Design for Assembly & Manufacturing

u AIAG Core Tools: DFMEA, DVP&R, APQP

u Working understanding of GD&T

u Working understanding of datums and tolerance stacking

u Detailed oriented

u Efficient Contributor with a Plan-Do-Check mindset

u Goal oriented, adaptable, self-starter

u Root cause and problem solving (8D or similar)

u Design history to include conceptualization, design and innovation

u Documentation of designs and best practices

u Must be able to multi-task and work in a fast pace environment

u Familiar with automotive design and integration a plus.

u Familiar with accessibility industry a plus.

We offer attractive, competitive compensation and benefits including, medical, dental, vision, longevity bonus, holidays, 401k, Short Term Disability, AD&D and Tuition Reimbursement. If you take pride in your work and are committed to personal and professional success we want to talk to you. Please visit to learn more.

RGBSI is a Multi-National Corporation headquartered in Troy, MI with branches throughout the USA, Canada, China, Germany, Mexico, Singapore, UK, and India.
SDL2017


Go to apply 

