Job Title = Engineering Lead - DevOps

Were looking for humble, but ambitious, razor-sharp DevOps leader who can teach us a thing or two. We promise to return the favor. Like us, you take product development and platform engineering seriously; youre passionate about technology and, even more so, about leadership. We embrace those who see things differently, arent afraid to experiment, and who have a healthy disregard for constraints. Thats where you come in. We are currently seeking a Director of DevOps to drive technical vision and provide leadership for a group of DevOps engineers in an innovative and fast paced environment. Our selection process will emphasize technical and architectural skills as well as leadership/management/organizational skills equally. The ideal candidate must be a master of their domain in cloud based DevOps. Furthermore, the ideal candidate must be able to inspire, champion and teach when the need arises. We are looking for someone whos is equally comfortable leading by influence or authority. Last, we are looking for a rare mix of intelligence, integrity, domain knowledge, verbal agility, and diplomacy which allows you to rapidly earn the trust of technically astute engineers and product astute product management leaders.

Why We Need This Role
We are looking for a leader to help us achieve and maintain maximum potential in areas of scale, security, fiscal efficiency and fault tolerance. This includes everything from authentication to authorization service to programmatic cross cloud resource initiation, orchestration and continuity.

Why You Should Join

This is a challenging and diverse role that requires you to build both, an organization and DevOps vision, nearly from the ground up. Only join this role if you are craving rapid growth, able to create a path in unchartered territory, and comfortable with trying, failing and course-correcting fast.

First Six Month Deliverables
Develop and execute a DevOps strategy for Builder Platform to support product scale, orchestration and fault tolerance
Automate creation, orchestration, auto scaling and cross-availability zone failover for the Builder platform ecosystem
Develop and execute a DevOps strategy for Builder Platform in support of client project environments
Automate creation, orchestration, auto scaling and cross-availability zone failover for all client applications built via the Builder platform
Develop and execute a DevOps strategy in support of successful crosscloud service utilization and orchestration
Automate creation and orchestration of all container based client applications leveraging VKE or similar orchestration product
Requirements
Strong technical leadership experience in globally geo distributed environments
12 plus years solid experience in Internet Infrastructure, including at least 4 - 5 years in cloud based DevOps environment
CS degree required or equivalent work experience
5 plus years of relevant experience managing large, fast-paced and dynamic DevOps engineering teams
A proven track record of managing successful high-capacity, large-scale, internet-based product platforms/architectures
Capable of technical deep-dives, networking, cloud services, yet verbally and cognitively agile enough to hold their own in a strategy discussion with senior technical or executive leadership
Comfortable recruiting and leading technical leads and a global team of very bright, experienced engineers capable of working on projects and at scale unlike any other they've encountered
Very experienced with Agile / Scrum methodologies
Outstanding communication skills, both written and oral
Expert understanding of Engineering, DevOps and cloud computing fundamentals
Expert understanding of AWS services
Strong automation and CI / CD experience
Strong infrastructure security, AAA (authentication, authorization, and accounting) and secret management expertise
Solid experience with containerized applications/orchestration and serverless functions
Terraform, Kubernetes, GitHub, CD/CI tools experience, some would say you are a master.
If I asked your previous team members about you, they would say you were a great leader and they would very much welcome an opportunity to work for you once again.
Experience in high SLA environments
Some experience working with Azure, Openstack or GCP as well as experience with ISO 27001 or SAS 70 assessments is a strong plus
Benefits
Health and Wellness benefits including competitive medical, dental, and vision plans
Performance-based bonuses and stock options
Generous vacation and time off benefits including paid holidays
Generally flexible working hours
WeWork Paddington London
A collaborative culture where unconventional thinkers come together to solve interesting problems and having fun while doing it
Mission-driven company that is making the world a better place


Go to apply 

