Job Title = Engineer

Job Title: Engineer Position: Full Time, Permanent Hours: 9 am to 5.30 pm, 5 days over 6 on a rota basis Salary: £17,500 - £18,500 pa plus company bonus (circa £22k after performance bonuses) Area: Birkenhead CH41 4EZ An exciting position has arisen for an experienced Engineer who is interested in learning about mobility products and equipment.
You will be based at the engineering workshops in Birkenhead where you will manage the workshop, complete high-quality control checks on a range of equipment (mobility scooters, wheelchairs, powerchairs etc).You will also have the opportunity to learn about our various products and offer excellent customer service to our customers.
Duties will include, but not limited to: Managing the workshop and one member of staff Checking, repairing and servicing products in the workshop Completing all relevant paperwork both manual and electronic Liaising with Head Office and customers about repairs, servicing etc Maintaining all tools, spares and equipment within a safe working condition Keeping the work area in a clean and tidy condition Supporting the store on deliveries when required Skills and Experience: Good customer service skills IT Literacy keyboard skills and experience of Word, Excel, Outlook Team player Clear and detailed communication – written and spoken Time Management Strong light engineering/servicing background Methodical with attention to detail and a practical approach to work High-quality standards and workmanship Motivated, flexible and enthusiastic Full driving licence Ableworld is the country's leading retailer in the rapidly growing Mobility and Homecare Sector.
From our retail outlets we offer customers a large selection of quality mobility and homecare products at value-for-money prices and exceptional levels of service and aftercare.
Our products which range from walking sticks to hi-spec mobility powerchairs, from back supports to stairlifts, are all designed to give our customers greater independence and improved quality of life.
A full valid driving licence is essential as a company van will be provided along with all workwear and tools to support your job.
A DBS disclosure will be required for this position (for which Ableworld will meet the cost). We will Offer You: We place real value on our employees and appreciate the hard work that all our staff put in.
As a result, we like to compensate our employees with comprehensive in-house training, a package that includes a basic salary, generous performance-driven bonuses and 20 days paid holiday (plus 8 Bank Holidays). Full training and development opportunities will be given for the role.
Please email your CV by clicking on the Apply button or send you CV to the email address below


Go to apply 

