Job Title = Engineer

There are 7 billion people on this planet. And by 2050, there will be 2 billion more... many moving into urban centers at an unprecedented rate. Making sure there is enough food, fiber and infrastructure for our rapidly growing world is what we’re all about at John Deere. And it’s why we’re investing in our people and our technology like never before in our 175-year history. Here the world’s brightest minds are tackling the world’s biggest challenges. If you believe one person can make the world a better place, we’ll put you to work. RIGHT NOW.
Primary Location: United States (US) - Iowa (US-IA) - Waterloo
Function: Product Engineering
Title: Engineer - 60808

Your Responsibilities
As an Engineer for the John Deere Product Engineering Center, located in Waterloo, IA, you will be responsible for leading new heavy draft axle designs including rotating components, structural housings, brake and differential hardware, and oil management. You will also support current heavy draft axle designs as needed. In addition, you will:
Design and procure hardware to support new product program build and test activities
Coordinate with the Product Verification and Validation teams to develop test plans for the axle system and components
Resolve issues identified during build and test activities
Gather, analyze and make decisions based upon available information and seek out additional information when necessary to ensure design changes are successfully implemented
Coordinate with key stakeholders and manage program requirements to accommodate all design needs
Visa sponsorship is NOT available for this position.
What Skills You Need
Experience using Creo, PDM, and SAP
Gearing and bearing design knowledge
Knowledge of brake system design
Knowledge of casting design
What Makes You Stand Out
Other areas of experience or interest that will help us place you on the right team include:
Experience working with rear axle systems
Understanding and experience using the PDP process
Experience with Product Verification and Validation
Knowledge and understanding of Romax
Knowledge and understanding of ANSYS
Six Sigma green belt training
Education (or equivalent work experience)
Ideally, you will have a degree or equivalent work experience in the following:
Bachelor's degree in Mechanical or Agricultural Engineering
What You'll Get
At John Deere, you are empowered to create a career that will take you to where you want to go. Here, you'll enjoy the freedom to explore new projects, the support to think outside the box and the advanced tools and technology that foster innovation and achievement. We offer comprehensive relocation and reward packages to help you get started on your new career path. Click here to find out more about our Total Rewards Package.
The information contained herein is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities and qualifications required of individuals performing the job. The qualifications detailed in this job description are not considered the minimum requirements necessary to perform the job, but rather as guidelines.
John Deere is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, among other things, race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, status as a protected veteran, or status as a qualified individual with disability.


Go to apply 

