Job Title = Technician

Technician
Our client is seeking Technicians to provide inspection, disassembly, reassembly and testing of generators, motors, pumps, and gen sets.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned.

Completion of all necessary paperwork in accordance with all quality standards with minimal guidance.

Ability to understand mechanical and basic electrical operation of motors, generators and pumps.

Responsible for disassembly of generators, motors, pumps, gen sets, J-Boxes and all components connected.

Responsible for understanding and making detailed hand drawings of all electrical connections and any additional information needed to reassemble equipment.

Responsible for the testing of all electrical components of equipment during teardown and reassembly.

Responsible for minor modifications to frame with torch and welding machine.

Must be able to use gauges, such as inside and outside micrometers, to measure machine fits, including bearing housing and shaft fits and document readings as required.

Must perform standard maintenance on all shop equipment used in mechanics area. Includes bench grinders, lead crimpers, vises, air tools, etc.

Responsible for the installation of bearings and hub on shaft, stators in housings, and checking advancement as required.

Responsible for accurate reassembly of equipment, including, but not limited to reconditioning of Rotating Field, Exciter Armature, Exciter Field, Rectifier, sleeve bearings, AC & DC motors, pumps, and gen sets.

Responsible for test running equipment after completion, monitoring and documenting all test results.

Operate company equipment (i.e.: Forklift, Crane, hand tools etc.) in a safe and efficient manner in the performance of all duties as required.

Comply with all company policies / procedures and perform all job functions in an ethical manner.

Responsible for maintaining clean and orderly work area free of hazards.

Complete all required safety training.

Must provide all necessary hand tools.

Performs other routine duties.
Education and/or Experience

High school diploma or general education degree (GED); or one to three years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.

Previous work in winding, motor/generator mechanics required.
For more information or immediate consideration, please email resume directly to .


Go to apply 

