Job Title = Technician

Snows is one of the South's most successful motor groups.

Trading for over 55 years this family owned business has dealerships in Hampshire, Berkshire, Dorset, Devon, Surrey, Somerset, Wiltshire and the Isle of Wight.

The Group's portfolio is exciting and diverse with brands including Abarth, Alfa Romeo, BMW, CUPRA, Fiat, Jeep, Kia, Lexus, Lotus, Mazda, Mercedes-Benz Vans, MINI, Peugeot, SEAT Suzuki, Toyota, Volvo and VW Commercial Vehicles.

With over 950 employees spread across 50 dealerships, Snows places the needs of the customer above all else and takes satisfaction in delivering an experience that goes beyond that of an average dealership.

Technician We are looking for an experienced Service Technician to join our established team.

As well as holding the relevant City & Guilds, BTEC or NVQ accreditation, the ideal candidate will have worked in a franchise dealership, be highly skilled in fault diagnosis and hold the relevant MOT Tester qualification.

In addition, the ability to work as part of a team and a genuine commitment to delivering first class customer service are a must.

In return, we offer a competitive basic salary and bonus scheme, structured manufacturer training and a contributory pension.

Working hours applicable to this role are: Week 1 & 2: Monday to Friday 7.00am to 15.30pm with an hour for lunch Week 3 & 4: Monday to Friday 9.30am to 6.00pm with an hour for lunch 1 in 3 Saturday: 8.00am to 1.00pm In return we offer you a competitive reward package: Staff Purchase Scheme: Once an employee has successfully completed 3 months employment they may purchase either vehicles, parts, accessories or labour from the Company at significantly subsidised rates.

Life Assurance: Company paid death in service benefit.

Pension: Snows Motor Group is pleased to offer a contributory pension scheme in line with the new government legislation.

When you pay in so do we In addition to all of this Snows Motor Group is committed to ensuring its employees receive the best training both in house and via its manufactures.

We regret that due to volume, only shortlisted applicants will be contacted.

If you do not hear from us within 2 weeks of the close date please assume you have been unsuccessful on this occasion.

Important Consent Note By clicking the âSubmit Applicationâ button, you are expressly giving your consent to us sharing your CV within Snows Group.

This is for the purpose that other roles within the Group may be suitable for you.

As a result you are giving your consent to receive email contact from Snows Group for the purpose of discussing available roles with you.

Snows Group will not use your details for any other purpose or share your details with any third parties outside of the Group.

If you do not give your explicit consent for the reasons stated above please do not click the âSubmit Applicationâ button.

This job was originally posted as


Go to apply 

