
Position: Machine Operator
Location: Yakima, WA
Shift: Graveyard: 10:45 PM - 7 AM, Pay: $13.91 + $0.75 hourly shift differential
You will like working for us as we have amazing people and a highly collaborative culture. Global success hasnt changed our tight-knit feel weve simply grown into a larger, more diverse family. We have thousands of jobs around the globe and encourage all of our associates to chase their dreams without having to find them in another company it truly is a special place.
While reporting to the production shift supervisor, you will be responsible for setting up machines for reach customers job, this means being able to multi-task and work with different specifications relating to each different job. Excellent attendance is crucial for the team to achieve success. You must have a proven record of success in a fast-paced environment. You must have the ability to work with various teams and successfully troubleshoot, repair and adjust equipment as needed. You will take pride in your personal hands-on and analytical abilities, organizational skills and attention to detail.
Day to day responsibilities will include:
You need to be able to troubleshoot, repair and adjust equipment to ensure the production of quality parts that meet company standards
Consistently loading rolls of plastic onto machinery
Setting up new jobs and operate various thermoforming machinery
Collaborating closely with other departments and teams
Making incremental process adjustments to machinery
Monitoring and report quality of manufactured products
Making incremental process adjustments, monitor and report quality of manufactured product.
Maintaining a safe, clean and organized work area.
Performing all duties as designated by supervisor/manager.
Performing all duties in support of Sonocos quality and safety policies.
Helping out other departments as needed
This position is in our Plastics plant in beautiful Yakima, Washington
We expect you to be Sonoco mission driven
You will need to have previous machine operating experience in an industrial setting (Required)
You must have prior Forklift Experience (Required)
You will need to have exceptional troubleshooting and problem solving abilities.
You need to have extensive knowledge of personal hand tools and be able to safely use them to set-up, adjust and maintain production equipment.
You have to have a get it done attitude and an urgency to resolve problems/tasks.
To succeed in this role you will need excellent written and verbal communication skills
Working independently and managing multiple tasks simultaneously is needed.
You need to have working knowledge of our products and their quality requirements.
Being reliable, having good initiative, being committed, and being quality focused is a must.
You will need to be able to lift up to 25 lbs. as needed.
Having the ability to effectively work with a team in a fast-paced environment is crucial to success.
You will need to have the ability to read and understand manufacturing instructions.
We care about the health and wellness of you and your family. That is why we offer a comprehensive benefits package that makes it easier to manage your health and provide financial security for you and your family.



Go to apply 

