Job Title = Technician

Rush Truck Centers opens the door to the world of opportunity. We have the largest network of commercial vehicle dealerships across the US representing truck and bus manufacturers and employ over 2100 Diesel Mechanics. Our franchises include Peterbilt, International, Hino, Isuzu, Ford, IC Bus and Blue Bird. Whether you desire to be the best most skilled Diesel Mechanic or aspire to follow a path that will lead you to Management and Operations our infrastructure and support will provide a path to suit your goals.Our benefits plan is designed to ensure that our Diesel Mechanics are set up to be successful. Our benefits ensure we have a great place to come to work each day, financial security, career growth. And the best of the best - our annual Tech Skills Rodeo.

Service Technician Level II
A Service Technician is responsible for providing service to our customers while maintaining exceptional customer service. This can include: cleaning, maintenance, visual inspection, and removal of parts and attachments. Installation with the help of proper manuals, report writing, disassembly, assembly, parts reuse evaluation, and reconditioning.
Rush Truck Centers is a premier provider of quality products and services to commercial equipment users. We are customer-focused, people-oriented, and financially motivated to deliver excellent outcomes for customers, shareholders, vendors and our people.
We offer a rewarding career with a leader in the transportation industry. Grow with us as we continue to expand our network of locations and services. Rush Enterprises is always looking for good people to join our team.
Responsibilities
Provide technical service to vehicles and equipment.
Perform general and detailed repair of all trucks, engines and components.
Overhaul gas or diesel engines.
Read job order, observe and listen to vehicle in operation to determine malfunction and plan work procedures.
Examine protective guards, loose bolts, and specified safety devices on trucks, and make adjustments as needed.
Tag all warranty parts and returns to warranty clerk.
Attend training classes and keep abreast of factory technical bulletins.
Develop and maintain positive relationships with customers to increase overall customer satisfaction.
Benefits
We offer exceptional compensation and benefits, 401K and stock purchase, incentives for performance, training, and opportunity for advancement - all in a culture that appreciates and rewards excellence, a positive attitude and integrity.
Basic Qualifications
High school diploma or general education degree (GED)
2 years experience as a Class 7 & 8 technician in a dealership or related truck service facility
Rush Enterprises (NASDAQ: RUSHA & RUSHB) operates the largest network of heavy and medium- duty truck dealerships in North America. Its current truck operations include a network of locations throughout the United States. These dealerships provide an integrated, one-stop sales and service of new and used heavy- and medium-duty trucks and construction equipment, aftermarket parts, service and body shop capabilities, chrome accessories, tires and a wide array of financial services including the financing of truck and equipment sales, insurance products and leasing and rentals.
Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled


Go to apply 

