Job Title = Engineer

Position Title: Advanced Manufacturing Engineer
Location: Perrysburg, OH, or Hattiesburg or Waynesboro, MS or TX
requiring 30% travel to Acuna, MX
Reports to: Director of Advanced Manufacturing Engineering
Essential Duties and Responsibilities
Process development and procurement of manufacturing equipment for new and existing products as needed throughout the corporation, including:
Review and critique of product designs for cost and manufacturing.
Prepare appropriation requests and appropriately manage the spending.
Specify requirements for manufacturing equipment.
Solicit quotations, qualify suppliers, and select equipment vendors.
Review process equipment progress and manage the delivery schedule.
Implement automated processes for labor reductions.
Act as liaison between Design and Manufacturing.
Work issues to cost, capacity, and timing of introduction.
Pilot and debug manufacturing processes for production-based environments.
Recommend physical changes to manufacturing locations for proper equipment installation.
Perform relevant engineering considerations/exercises, inclusive of the following:
Make/Buy analysis and capacity evaluations.
Product value analysis.
Implement projects to reduce total costs. Propose, evaluate, and implement other processes for quality improvements, cost reductions, and capacity increases.
Troubleshoot process problems.
Participate in the development of BOM and labor routings.
Additional Duties to Include but Not Be Limited To:
Provide input to various manufacturing locations on process limitations.
Broad other Manufacturing Engineering responsibilities may be required as dictated by AME project load.
EDUCATION and EXPERIENCE (required)

Special consideration is given to candidates with a minimum of 5 years of relevant experience in Manufacturing Engineering, to include the following:

Set-up and operated Manual Machine Shop Equipment.

Programmed, set-up, and ran the Computerized Numerical Control.

Hand on Experiences with mechanical, hydraulic, pneumatic, electrical components.

Used Plant/Facility design/layout software.

Used 3D solid modeling software, which includes design, simulation, testing, and creates drawing.

Designed, assembled, and test ran the newly designed fixture, tooling, or equipment.

Prepared and successfully received approval to purchase large equipment or Project’s funding.

Utilized skills in process improvement at the previous companies.
Automation Experience and Design Preferred. BS degree in Mechanical/Manufacturing/Industrial Engineering required (with a transcript showing the conferred degree and the coursework when coming for the interview). Must be able to read and understand engineering drawings. Conversational Spanish preferred.


Go to apply 

