Job Title = Technician

At Touchmark, the ladies and gentlemen who serve in our communities don't just come to a job, they come to be part of something bigger - a mission focused on enriching people's lives. In the process of doing that, they grow, have fun, and develop lifelong skills.
Are you looking for a job, or are you looking
for a place where you can build relationships, explore your underused talents,
and make a difference every day?
At Touchmark, the ladies and gentlemen who serve in our
communities don't just come to a job, they come to be part of something bigger
- a mission focused on enriching people's lives. In the process of doing
that, they grow, have fun, and develop lifelong skills.
The culture in our communities is rich with people who are allies,
friends, and givers - both toward their co-workers and toward residents and
their family members. People who value laughter and shared memories, and
who celebrate humanity and aging with dignity. People who are
compassionate and encouraging, and who find satisfaction in providing genuine
hospitality.
If making others feel valued and special is what motivates you,
that's who we are.
Touchmark at Coffee Creek is Edmond?s premier resort-style
retirement community,?enriching the lives of residents and their families
through five-star hospitality, services and amenities. We are currently seeking
the right person to join our team as a full-time? Building Services Maintenance
Technician .

?
As a Maintenance Technician, you will enrich lives each day by
ensuring that all of the buildings and equipment on campus are in good
condition and are operating properly and efficiently; that the grounds and
common areas are attractive, clean, and well-maintained; and that requests for
installation and repairs are responded to in a timely manner. Your high-energy,
dedicated attitude toward your work will allow residents to rest easy, knowing
their homes and surroundings are in good hands!

?
The ideal candidate will:
Be committed to and passionate about 100% customer
satisfaction
Possess a high school diploma or equivalent
Have experience performing general maintenance in a
community setting; previous experience working in a health care
environment is a plus, but not required
Have experience with HVAC, certification is a plus
Have basic knowledge of painting and wall repair,
appliance repair, motor maintenance, and basic plumbing and electrical
repair
Be able to read, write, and speak English
Be able to maintain patient and tactful composure when
dealing with residents, family members, staff members and visitors
Benefits:

Touchmark is dedicated to providing the best for our residents, and it all
begins with providing the best for our employees. That?s why we offer a
competitive compensation and benefits package to our team members who work 30+
hours per week which includes:
Paid time off (including holidays)
Health,?dental, and vision insurance plans for employees and eligible dependents
Education?assistance
Bonus and retirement plans
Supplemental insurance options
401k
Benefits:

Touchmark is dedicated to providing the best for our residents, and it all begins with providing the best for our employees.That?s why we offer a competitive compensation and benefits package to our team members who work 30+ hours per week which includes:

Paid time off (including holidays)

Health, dental, and vision insurance plans for employees and eligible dependents

Education assistance

Bonus and retirement plans

Health care, dependent care, and commuter Flexible Spending Accounts

Employee Resource Program

Supplemental insurance options


Go to apply 

