
Company: Buckhead Meat & Seafood of ChicagoLocation: US-IL-Hampshire, US-IL-Chicago, US-IL-Elgin, US-IL-Huntley, US-IL-Algonquin, US-IL-DeKalb, US-IL-Woodstock, US-IL-Rockford, US-IL-BurlingtonZip Code: 60140Minimum Level of Education: High School or EquivalentMinimum Years of Experience: 1Position Type: Non-ExemptTravel Percentage: 0

More information about this job:

This position is located in Hampshire, IL.

OVERVIEW:We offer our associates the opportunity to grow personally and professionally, to contribute to the success of a dynamic organization, and to serve others in a manner that exceeds their expectations. We're looking for talented, hard-working individuals to join our team. Come grow with us and let us show you why we're at the heart of food and service.

PROFILE SUMMARY:

+ Responsible for managing or performing work associated with converting raw materials and components into finished goods including:

+ General production manufacturing work.

+ Assembling finished components or parts into finished products.

+ Process manufacturing batches of bulk materials/ingredients including mechanical processing (e.g., mixing, grinding, separating, filtering, etc.) and chemical processing (altering the chemical properties of materials through chemical reactions and changing temperature, pressure, etc.).

+ Setting up and operating machine tools to convert materials into parts, sub-assemblies, and assemblies Surface finishing of parts, components, and assembled items including. washing/painting/plating/anti-corrosion coating, hardening, polishing/engraving/etching, etc.

+ Packaging materials or finished goods into containers for the purpose of protection, display, and handling.

DUTIES:

Wide variety of machines operated. Responsible for full life cycle of finished meat products through the Packaging Process - Match tickets with product, perform quality check of items/weights, ensure product meets customer specifications, process orders through Cyrovac machine, ensure accuracy, pack and palletize.

SPECIAL SKILLS:

+ Must be able to safely operate machine for intended purpose.

+ Basic troubleshooting of machinery, must be able to keep up with line speed of machinery. Must be able to lift at times, able to meet yields, volume (lbs. per hour) and quality standards.

+ Basic ability to read tickets and special requests, ability to recognize cuts of meat, able to write numbers and basic descriptions, able to work in a cold/wet environment fast paced environment, leads machine team when applicable.

+ Responsible for full life cycle of finished meat products through the Packaging Process - Match tickets with product, perform quality check of items/weights, ensure product meets customer specifications, process orders through Cyrovac machine, ensure accuracy, pack and palletize.

EXPERIENCE REQUIRED:

30 days working in plant and have a good safety record. Production knowledge, attention to detail skills.

Job Tier: III

COMMENTS:

Many different type of machines being operated (packaging machines, skinners, grinders, saws, formax, v-mags and presses).

Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States.

Buckhead Meat & Seafood of Chicago is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer, and considers qualified applicants without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status or any other protected factor under federal, state or local law.

This opportunity is available through Sysco Corporation, its subsidiaries and affiliates.

Employment Type: Full Time


Go to apply 

