
Role Summary:The Machine Operator will work at the Greenville, SC Gas Turbine Manufacturing plant and will set-up and operate a variety of production equipment and tooling in a gas turbine manufacturing facility. You will also have ownership of compliance, safety, quality, and productivity in position of responsibilities.

***Please note: In order to be considered for the position, all candidates MUST submit the application on gegasturbinejobs.com***

Essential Responsibilities:As the Machine Operator you will:

+ Set-up and operate a variety of production equipment and tooling in a gas turbine manufacturing facility

+ Set-up and operate of a variety of metalworking equipment

+ Perform various machining operations from simple to very complex

+ Operate a variety of manual and CNC machines including mills, drills, grinders, broaches, turret lathes, horizontal bore, EDM, engine lathes, balance machines, etc.

+ Operate various material-moving equipment (forklifts, jib/gantry cranes, etc.)

+ Use of a variety of measuring devices (ID and OD micrometers, calipers, Coordinate Measuring Machines, etc.)

+ Use of a wide variety of associated shop equipment and tooling

+ Will have ownership of compliance, safety, quality, and productivity in position of responsibilities

+ Must be a flexible team player and participate with problem solving and continuous improvements

+ Must perform other assigned duties as required

Qualifications/Requirements:

+ High school diploma, GED, or equivalent

ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS:

+ Willingness to work in a tobacco-free environment

+ Ability to work overtime, with or without reasonable accommodation

+ Ability to work occasional weekend shifts, with or without reasonable accommodation

+ Ability to work 2nd shift (3 PM -11 PM) or 3rd shift (11 PM - 7 AM), with or without reasonable accommodation

+ Willingness to wear personal protective equipment, for example: safety glasses, gloves, hats, ear plugs and safety shoes, with or without reasonable accommodation

+ Ability to lift up to 50 pounds, with or without reasonable accommodation

+ Legal authorization to work in the U.S. is required; we will not sponsor

individuals for employment visas, now or in the future, for this job

+ Successful completion of a background check and drug screen

Desired Characteristics:

+ Minimum of 1 year of general machine shop experience in set-up and operation of a variety of manual and CNC machines (e.g., mills, drills, grinders, broaches, turret lathes, horizontal bore, EDM, engine lathes) OR be a successful graduate of any recognized machinist or tool maker course.

+ Education or work experience must include milling, turning, and grinding processes with machines such as mills, drills, grinders, broaches, turret lathes, horizontal bore, EDM, or engine lathes

+ Experience or training utilizing a combination of blueprints and work instructions to produce machine parts

***Please note: In order to be considered for the position, all candidates MUST submit the application on gegasturbinejobs.com***

About Us:GE Power is a world leader in power generation with deep domain expertise that helps customers deliver electricity from a wide spectrum of fuel sources. We are transforming the electricity industry with the digital power plant, the world's largest & most efficient gas turbine, full balance of plant solutions and our data-leveraging software. Our innovative technologies and digital offerings help make power and water more affordable, reliable, accessible and sustainable.

GE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, gender (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, veteran status or any other characteristics protected by law.

Additional Eligibility Qualifications:GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening. Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a drug screen (as applicable).Additional Locations:United States;South Carolina;Greenville;


Go to apply 

