Job Title = MACHINE OPERATOR

MACHINE OPERATOR

Job ID: 5573

Functional Area: MANUFACTURING

Position Type: Full-Time Regular

Relocation Provided: No

Shift: 12 Hour Night

Location: DANVILLE, KY

Education Required: High School Diploma

Experience Required: 3 - 5 Years

Hours of Work: 7:30 pm to 7:30 am
Position Summary :
Product Development Associates are accountable for the production of a top quality plastic film in a safe, efficient and effective manner. They must be able to read and understand instructions well and make continuous efforts to improve the quality of the product. They must be job flexible and willing to work on different machines as needed and perform well in a customer driven, safety conscience organization. In addition, this person will assist the Berry team in achieving our vision of being the dominant supplier of value added films in the industry.
Position Responsibilities : (Describe key responsibilities / accountabilities of the position)

Responsible for promoting safety awareness and keeping safety as a number one priority on a daily basis.

Responsible for conducting monthly safety audits.

Continuously pursues the establishment of a high participation work team environment.

Must know how to assist and operate all extrusion and secondary processes.

In general, know how to trouble shoot machine and analyze equipment to make corrective actions.

Distinguish between acceptable and non-conforming products.

Understand procedures for flush outs and change-overs.

Understand factory order and trial plan, and set up machine accordingly.

Must be able to change screens, clean dies and make die adjustments as needed.

Know the difference between raw materials and their uses.

Must be able to perform all required quality checks.

Must work with co-workers as a team member and be supportive of team decisions.

Support all other line teams and plant teams.

Participate in continuous improvement of operation.

Participate in an on-going effort to be cross-trained on each of the extrusion and secondary processes.

Make continuous effort to keep machine and area neat and clean.

Report all maintenance and safety issues immediately.

Assists with the implementation of new products and processes, and develop action plans for continuous process improvement.

Responsible for documenting the trail with all pertinent manufacturing conditions, testing results and costing analysis and ensuring that appropriate personnel are copied. Essential Functions:

Lifting up to 50 lbs.

Climbing stairs

Working from secured platforms of up to 40 feet high.

Standing for extended periods of time.

Wear all personal safety equipment required by Company policy and follow all Company safety policies and procedures. Qualifications:

High School Diploma or equivalent

Must possess good communications skills, both written and oral.

Must possess a good working knowledge of the extrusion process and related processes.

Must seek to understand the effects of process changes on product quality.

Must understand process and equipment capabilities.

Must possess a working knowledge of statistical analysis used in process control (control charting techniques, process capability studies, etc.)

Must possess problem solving skills relating to raw materials and process ability of same.

Must possess working knowledge of test procedures and equipment used to test product quality.

Must demonstrate the ability to build and maintain strong teamwork relationships.

Must have excellent attendance and safety record.

Must be able to travel to support product translation to other plant.
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.


Go to apply 

