Job Title = Technician

Location: Buford, Georgia

Summary: Responsible for identifying necessary vehicle service and performing the repair, service, and/or maintenance work.

Supervisory Responsibilities: This job has no direct supervisory responsibilities.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following:

* Examines customer vehicles.

* Identifies necessary vehicle repairs and maintenance.

* Estimates cost of repairs.

* Performs vehicle repairs and maintenance.

* Documents services performed.

* Performs services efficiently and according to dealership guidelines.

* Follows dealership and manufacturer service guidelines.

* Requests necessary parts.

* Maintains CSI at or above Company standards

* Maintains an organized, clean and safe work area

* Participates in required training

* Records all hours worked accurately in company timekeeping system

* Follows Safeguards rules and regulations.

* Demonstrates the Company's Core Values

* Complies with Company policies and procedures

* Observes all Federal, State, Local and Company safety rules and regulations in the performance of duties.

* Other duties as assigned

Qualifications:

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with medical conditions to perform the essential functions.

Desired Education:

o GED

High School Diploma

o Associate Degree

o Bachelor Degree

o Master Degree

o Doctorate Degree

Field of Study/Work Experience:

o Accounting

Automotive

o Business

o Human Resources

o Information Technology

Desired Work Experience:

o up to 3 years

o 3-5 years

5+ years

Education/Experience:

Thorough knowledge of automotive parts and systems. Demonstrable mechanical skills and knowledge. Technical training or commensurate technical experience required.

Certificates and Licenses:

Valid Driver's License

o Automobile Salesperson License

Computer Skills:

Basic Computer skills to utilize timekeeping system. Ability to learn parts department computer inventory and ordering system.

Communication Skills:

Ability to understand and followinstructions. Ability to communicate effectively with customers and company personnel.

Attendance Expectations:

The position requires regular and predictable attendance. Scheduled shifts may include evening hours, weekends, and holidays.

Physical Demands:

Must be able to lift up to (50) pounds. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk and hear; stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl.

Environment Demands:

Duties are performed primarily in the service area. Work includes movement around vehicles, working in various physical positions, and the safe operation of power tools and test equipment. May be exposed to loud noise, vibration, exhaust fumes, and other service and repair conditions. Frequently interacts with customers, service advisors and the service manager.

Verbal and Writing Ability:

Ability to read and comprehend instructions, correspondence, and memos. Ability to effectively present information in one-on-one and small group situations to customers and other employees.

Math Ability:

Ability to add, subtract, multiply and divide.

Reasoning Ability:

Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions. Ability to deal with standardized situations. Ability to understand and follow technical manuals.

Core Values:

To perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following Core Values:

Servant Leadership

Servant Leaders consciously put the needs of others before their own, because to serve people is to value them.

Teamwork through Trust & Respect

Diversity is strength, and when we trust and respect one another we can work as a team to achieve at a high level.

Integrity

Being honest and transparent with people, in an effort to do the right thing within the letter and spirit of the law, drives every action we take and every decision we make.

Commitment to Customer Enthusiasm

Every day we recommit ourselves to the customer experience, and we are empowered to exceed the expectations of our customers.

Passion for Winning

Hendrick's tradition of winning is based on the idea of striving to be the best, not the biggest, and is therefore defined by how we treat our people.

Accountability at All Levels

Taking ownership of our actions and our decisions allows us to grow as individuals, and support each other as a team.

Commitment to Continuous Improvement

Every day we soften our hearts as well as our egos, in order to seek out and improve upon areas of opportunity within ourselves and our team.

This job description in no way states or implies that these are the only duties and responsibilities to be performed by this employee. The employee will be required to follow any other instructions and to perform any other duties and responsibilities upon the request of a supervisor. This job description is subject to revision at the discretion of the company.

Hendrick Automotive Group is an Equal Opportunity employer. Minorities, women, veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. For more information regarding the EEOC, please visit
SDL2017


Go to apply 

