Job Title = Engineer

Engineer

Location :- Sudbury

Shift :- Days and on a call rota

This is an amazing opportunity to work in a busy and fast moving Engineering Department

Main Purpose of Job
To provide support functions to the factory and production facilities by supporting and resolving breakdowns
To support factory capital projects from inception through vertical start-up, to production.
Improve factory asset intensity by undertaking identified loss projects and completing actions
Support to SCADA and Factory Automation Systems
Work with focused improvement and production teams to identify and resolve underlying reasons for losses and implement software changes to resolve.
Support multi-skilled shift engineers and assist in identifying the root causes of production losses.
Ensure documentation and program back ups are updated and correct.
Capital project support
Engage with project teams to identify control solutions aligned with the factory's standards.
Produce software code (Rockwell) to site standards on existing systems to support project implementation.
Work with third-party contractors to ensure they produce software to site standards.
Core Production Support
Work as part of a team to provide on call support (rota) for factory automation issues and breakdown support.

Key Experiences:
Minimum of 3 years experience with Rockwell suite of applications (RS Logix, Factory Talk, RS View, RSLinx).
Experience of constructing software from scratch and to produce to a standard structured way.
Experience of working in closely controlled regulated working environment such as FMCG, heavy industry, pharmaceutical
Ability to produce high quality documentation of own work. Experience of reading and updating electrical schematics.
Underlying electrical qualifications (to National Diploma minimum) and experience gained within an industrial controls environment.
Experience of modifications to SCADA and visualisation software packages (RS View, Panelview)
PMP Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.


Go to apply 

