Job Title = Technician

ENGIE is a leading energy and services company focused on three key activities: production and supply of energy, services and regeneration. Our 17,000 employees combine these capabilities for the benefit of individuals, businesses and communities throughout the UK & Ireland.

We enable customers to embrace a lower carbon, more efficient and increasingly digital world. Our customers benefit from our energy efficient and smart building solutions, the provision of effective and innovative services, the transformation of neighbourhoods through regeneration projects, and the supply of reliable, flexible and renewable energy.

ENGIE improves lives through better living and working environments. We help to balance performance with responsibility, enabling progress in a harmonious way.

Globally, the ENGIE Group employs 160,000 people worldwide and achieved revenues of €60.6 billion in 2018.

ENGIE are recruiting for a Technician to be based in Manchester, ME32 8RA. This is a permanent, full time role working 36.25 hours per week. On offer is a competitive salary and quality benefits package.

Normal Shift Pattern:

07:00 -15:00 Monday to Friday

Every 5th week: 11:00-19:00 Monday to Friday and 07:00-15:00 Saturday and Sunday, On Call

General Overview:

The role will support the current Electrical and Mechanical Engineers in carrying out planned and reactive maintenance on various electrical, mechanical systems including steam boilers, air compressors, GT plant, air conditioning and waste water treatment to tight deadlines and high client expectations.

Responsibilities / Duties include:

Undertake planned maintenance & reactive calls to a wide range of electrical and mechanical systemsParticipate in a call out rotaFault diagnosis and investigationUndertake basic multi trade activities both mechanical and electrical Comply with the company's operational proceduresLiaise with clients and or Service Engineers on site in a knowledgeable and professional mannerTo comply with the company's Health +Safety policies Be willing to adapt to future changes within the role
For more information about ENGIE please visit:

Required Qualifications, Skills or Experience:
Mechanical/Electrical Qualifications OR ONC/C&G OR equivalent in a relevant engineering disciplineIndustrial Steam Boiler/Generator experience (BOAS desirable)IOSH or similar safety qualification
Desirable, Not Essential:CMMS (SAP)17th Edition qualifications Knowledge of Gas Turbines Computer literacy and basic IT skills
For this role you must have evidence of right to work in the UK. There is no re-location package with this job role. ENGIE do not discriminate on the grounds of age, gender, race, colour, religion, disability or sexual orientation, and we welcome applications from all sections of the community.

This job advert is supported by the ENGIE Resourcing Team. Agency involvement is not required. All related enquiries must come to the resourcing team not direct to ENGIE Managers.

Additional Information
Posting Date: Sep 27, 2019

Job Type: permanent


Go to apply 

