Job Title = Engineer

Summary:

ThePipeline Engineer reports to the Sr. Manager of Liquid Pipeline Integrity(East). This position involves a diverseinvolvement in various aspects of the company’s business related to pipelineintegrity, defect evaluations, and operations. This position requires periodic travelto field locations, trainings, and company meetings. This position will also provide SubjectMatter Expertise for Integrity Engineering Services.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

Supportthe Company’s Integrity Management Plan (IMP) and Standard Operating Procedures(SOP’s) in areas such as risk assessment, data integration, anomaly evaluation,remediation programs, integrity program evaluation and identification ofpreventive and mitigative measures.
Utilizeengineering tools such as DRAS software, GIS database interactive maps, andpipeline integrity data sheets to identify potential risks and track programprogress on specific lines
Initiateand lead interaction with appropriate subject matter experts and otherstakeholders such as third party resources and vendors to analyze pressurecycling, perform materials testing, and communicate requirements for in-fieldevaluation
Conductannual risk review meetings with stakeholders (management, engineering, etc., operations)and provide feedback to Integrity Services for risk modeling.
Reviewrisk model(s) for specific assets including coordination of data collection,understanding the risk algorithms, reviewing and confirming results, andutilizing the risk output.
Providestechnical support to the Integrity Repair group, Specialists, Project Managers,and Operations with pipeline assessments, evaluation, and repair methods
Assistsin the management of Company pipeline SOPs covering defect evaluations, piperepairs, pressure reductions, coupling reinforcements, outside forceevaluation, and surveillance
Assistsin inspections by PHMSA and other regulatory bodies by acting as an SME onpipeline inspections, data, records, and program execution.
Assistsin developing improvements to the company’s Integrity Management Plan includingthe written plan, procedures, best practices, and processes
Collectand provide Pipeline Integrity related data for performance metrics, requiredannual reporting, and to help monitor key performance indicators for assignedassets
Provideinput to support the construction of new pipelines and/or perform due diligenceto support Pipeline Integrity efforts to incorporate newly operated assets intothe IMP

Minimum Requirements:

Education and/or Experience, Knowledge, Skills& Abilities:
To perform this job successfully, anindividual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. Therequirements for this position are listed below:
Graduate engineer with BS in Civil, Mechanical,Chemical or Petroleum engineering.
Experience in pipeline operations,pipeline design, pipeline repair and pipeline integrity issues such ascorrosion control, pipeline assessment and fitness for service evaluation, riskmanagement, DOT Code requirements and compliance.

PreferredQualifications:
Education and/or Experience, Knowledge, Skills& Abilities:
The position requires a candidatewith excellent oral and written communication skills.
3 - 6 years of related experience
A highly developed ability with PC’sand office computer software is required.
Must be a self-starter andself-motivator, ability to perform effectively with minimal supervision.

WorkingConditions:

The work environment characteristicsdescribed here are representative of those an employee encounters whileperforming the essential functions of this job.
Normal office working conditionswith approximately 50% of the time in the field.
Must be able to remain in a stationary position50% of the time due to prolonged periods of sitting or standing.
Overnighttravel will be required.
Positionis based in industrial settings which may include hazardous materials andchemicals, as well as extreme temperature conditions and loud machinery, andrequire appropriate personal protective equipment.


Go to apply 

