Job Title = Technician

ESEJP00001638
Title: CCTV & Access Control Repair Technician
Duration: 12 Month
Location:Berlin, CT

Role and Scope of Position:
Responsible for trouble shooting and repairing CCTV and access control equipment as directed by the Corporate Security Senior Technology Specialist position. Equipment includes the following: access control, CCTV, Intrusion Detection Systems, etc. Ensures proper test methods and record keeping requirements and maintains all documentation of the work that they do. Individual must possess a strong aptitude for trouble shooting and repairing this equipment. Individual must demonstrate teamwork, strong communication skills and be self- motivated. Ensures that all required work is performed safely, on schedule, cost effectively and in accordance with company standards,
Technical Knowledge/Skill/Licenses/Certifications:

Knowledge:
Electronic access control systems (hardware and software).
CCTV security systems (hardware and software)
Local Area Networks (LAN), Wide Area Networks (WAN)
Safety practices in a corporate and field setting
Preferred Knowledge:
Extensive knowledge of current state of the art security system software and applications including building access control systems, CCTV camera systems, video analytics, IDS (intrusion detection systems)
Demonstrated ability to troubleshoot and repair Access Control and CCTV systems and audio.
Working Knowledge of Networking ( IP Addresses, Subnets, Multicast audio/video)
Skills:
Spoken and written communication skills.
Strong functional understanding of electronic/computerized security systems.
Team membership skills
Ability to think and act strategically in a fast-paced environment with frequently shifting and/or conflicting priorities
Ability and willingness to work with a sense of urgency to complete work assignments.
Ability and willingness to work within and maintain a highly confidential environment
Strong customer service orientation
Possesses a high degree of personal ownership and accountability

Experience:
Demonstrated experience in the field based on past work experience.
Licenses & Certifications:
CT Electrical Limited Journey Person (Low Voltage - L6) preferred, Must hold a valid motor vehicle driver's license.

Other:
Must possess basic hand tools and basic electronic testing equipment.

Travel:Traveling to MA and NH (would use company vehicle)

Physical Aspects:
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by a contractor to successfully perform the essential functions of the job. While performing the duties of this job, the contractor is frequently required to sit, stand, talk, hear climb ladders. The employee is frequently required to walk; use hands and fingers to operate, handle, or feel objects, tools, or controls; and reach with hands and arms.
The contractor must occasionally lift and or move up to 15 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision and ability to adjust focus.
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those a contractor encounters while performing the essential functions of this job.
The noise level in the work environment is usually moderately quiet.


Go to apply 

