Job Title = Engineer

Intertek is a leading Total Quality Assurance provider to industries worldwide. Our network of more than 1,000 laboratories and offices and over 43,000 people in more than 100 countries, delivers innovative and bespoke Assurance, Testing, Inspection and Certification solutions for our customers operations and supply chains. Intertek Total Quality Assurance expertise, delivered consistently with precision, pace and passion, enabling our customers to power ahead safely.

The transportation technologies team provides the transportation industry with the confidence that its products and services meet required safety and quality standards. The team s services cover all aspects of clients needs from advisory, auditing, certification and inspection to outsourcing, quality assurance, testing, training and more.

The Engineer is responsible for performing testing and evaluation on a variety of products to the provisions of U.S., Canadian and other international product safety standards; writing reports; and communicating with clients. Under the guidance of a more senior Engineer, may also conduct on and off-site evaluation of products to determine compliance with applicable standard(s).

Duties:
Read and determine applicability of national codes and standards clauses for the EUT (equipment under test).
Validate the project scope and sample applicability.
Set up and operate EUT; perform and document simple repairs on EUT as needed.
Perform testing of products in accordance with standards.
Complete preliminary design reviews (PDR) both on and off site.
Develop, set up, and follow established test plans.
Compile test results during construction review and testing. Compile data and product description and type final report using established report shell. Submit report to reviewer for final approval.
Communicate project status and test results to client, sales personnel, and management throughout testing.
Provide on-going support to clients as needed.
Within policy guidelines, identify, properly document, and recommend engineering judgments.

Bachelor's Degree in Engineering, Electrical preferred.
1-2 years directly related engineering experience preferred, any battery experience is a plus.
Demonstrated experience with U.S., Canadian, and other international product safety standards is preferred.
Microsoft Office expertise.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Excellent organization and time management skills.
Excellent customer service skills.
Must be self-motivated and able to work independently in a fast-paced, multi-tasking environment.
Prior project management experience is a plus.
Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts and draw valid conclusions.
Ability to make technical decisions and engineering judgments independently within established parameters.
Ability to travel as business needs dictate.

A career with Intertek means joining a global network of professionals dedicated to bringing quality and safety to life. Our vision is to become the world s most trusted partner for Quality Assurance and we offer our employees the chance to make an impact with attractive growth opportunities in this industry on a global scale.

We offer a salary and benefit package competitively placed within the local market, including medical, dental, vision, life, disability, 401(k) with company match, tuition reimbursement and more.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against applicants due to veteran status or on the basis of disability. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, or gender identity.

Intertek is a drug-free workplace. As a condition of employment, all hires are required to pass a pre-employment drug test.

LI-JC


Go to apply 

