
Job Summary

Following SOP’s and cGMPs, the Machine Operator will operate a variety of production machines including, but not limited to: liquid filling machines, tablet packaging machines, tablet wrapping machines, tube filling machines and tablet press production.
Sign On Bonus of $750.00 for position (eligible through 8/31/2019)
Chemical Manufacturing 2nd Shift 7pm-5:30am Monday - Thursday with overtime on Fridays
Benefits eligible date of hire. Benefits include:
Medical
Dental
Vision
Company paid life insurance, accidental death insurance, short term and long term disability
401K
Vacation and sick time

Primary Duties & Responsibilities

Duties and Responsibilities
Model the Spectrum Brands Values & Behaviors: Ownership, Teamwork & Agility to achieve service excellence, meet and exceed organizational objectives and support fiscal responsibility.
Work with associates in team effort to further company goals concerning productivity, safety, quality and Continuous Improvement initiatives.
Serve as first line of defense for operational opportunities. Implement immediate countermeasures and/or escalate when necessary.
Ownership of Flex as it applies to daily adjustments, accurate displays and downtime reason codes.
Set up, operate and check quality of production equipment by following and documenting procedures as required to support production schedules.
Get required tools or equipment, clean up all equipment and work areas, and properly store tools and equipment. Maintain equipment logs.
Assist the Setup Technician in performing changeovers on production machines, cleaning equipment and moving product in or out of the production areas as needed.
Assist in training less experienced personnel on production machines.
Observe and follow safety procedures using personal safety equipment as required.
Assist in Production performing packaging duties as needed.
Perform other work related duties as assigned.

Education and Experience Profile

High school diploma or GED required.
Six months of manufacturing experience preferred.

Required Skills

Able to read and operate common digital and dial quality test equipment.

Work Environment

Must be able to lift 50 pounds with or without assistance. Must be available to work across multiple shifts. Must be able to stand for extended periods of time. Must wear all prescribed PPE including, but not limited to: hearing protection, safety glasses, respirator and steel toed shoes.
Otherwise, working conditions are normal for a manufacturing environment.
The above information on this description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this job/classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job.
Spectrum Brands is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer.


Go to apply 

