Job Title = Technician

Heavy Maintenance Materials
The primary responsibility of the Material Group is to secure and protect the company's assets.
The Heavy Maintenance Materials group supports the Production and Engineering Department by providing the parts and material needed to complete the different Aircraft Checks, AD s, Service Bulletins and/or Aircraft MOD s.
Non-Routine Task As non-routine items are found during the check requiring parts, It is the responsibility of the Materials Group to provide these parts and materials from the right place, at the right price and at the right time to ensure work is not delayed. Additionally, we ve noted a number of common finds during the check. These parts are ordered in advance of the non-routines getting created to ensure there is no work stoppage.
Routine Task - Working with planning the Material group reviews the work package. Parts required are identified and checked against the current inventory levels in MIA. Once inventory levels are checked, orders are placed with the vendor to provide the Rotable and Repairable parts necessary. Expendable and Consumable parts are procured by the vendor of choice by the local Materials representative
Daily Responsibility
Participate in meetings to report parts status.
Review with AAR Purchasing the Materials spreadsheet to make decisions on the responsibility for procuring each new required part.
Ensure all parts and materials that have been shipped to AAR have arrived.
Review the parts spreadsheet with AAR receiving and prioritize the parts receiving process. Ensure each part is tagged for the correct aircraft and properly stored.
Record the parts received and complete any required follow up on parts not received..
Communicate with the Production Team and AAR to provide parts updates.
Record Rotable and Repairable removed parts. Prepare for shipping/return to vendor. You may be asked to provide proof of these returned units at a future date.
Prepare and Record Scrap Authorizations for removed expendable parts. Provide the finance group quarterly, with records of scrap units.
Prior to departing for the day, prepare and email the latest Parts Status.
REQUIREMENTS
Minimum of 5 years airline experience in material management Professional Certifications and Education Required
APICS certification a plus
College degree

CORESTAFF Services is an Equal Opportunity Employer - All qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other factor determined to be unlawful under applicable law. CORESTAFF Services is not associated with Core Staffing Services, Inc. which operates in the New York metro area.


Go to apply 

