Job Title = Technician

Summary

Responsible for inspection, disassembly, reassembly and testing of generators, motors, pumps, and gen sets. Completion of all necessary paperwork in accordance with all quality standards with minimal guidance.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned.

Ability to understand mechanical and basic electrical operation of motors, generators and pumps.
Responsible for disassembly of generators, motors, pumps, gen sets, J-Boxes and all components connected.
Responsible for understanding and making detailed hand drawings of all electrical connections and any additional information needed to reassemble equipment.
Responsible for the testing of all electrical components of equipment during teardown and reassembly.
Responsible for minor modifications to frame with torch and welding machine.
Must be able to use gauges, such as inside and outside micrometers, to measure machine fits, including bearing housing and shaft fits and document readings as required.
Must perform standard maintenance on all shop equipment used in mechanics area. Includes bench grinders, lead crimpers, vises, air tools, etc.
Responsible for the installation of bearings and hub on shaft, stators in housings, and checking advancement as required.
Responsible for accurate reassembly of equipment, including, but not limited to reconditioning of Rotating Field, Exciter Armature, Exciter Field, Rectifier, sleeve bearings, AC & DC motors, pumps, and gen sets.
Responsible for test running equipment after completion, monitoring and documenting all test results.
Operate company equipment (i.e.: Forklift, Crane, hand tools etc.) in a safe and efficient manner in the performance of all duties as required.
Comply with all company policies / procedures and perform all job functions in an ethical manner.
Responsible for maintaining clean and orderly work area free of hazards.
Complete all required safety training.
Must provide all necessary hand tools.
Performs other routine duties.Competencies

To perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies:

Continuous Learning - Assesses own strengths and weaknesses; seeks feedback to improve performance; pursues training and development opportunities; strives to continuously build knowledge and skills; shares expertise with others.
Job Knowledge - Competent in required job skills and knowledge; exhibits ability to learn and apply new skills; keeps abreast of current developments; requires minimal supervision; displays understanding of how job relates to others; uses resources effectively.
Use of Technology - Demonstrates required skills; adapts to new technologies; troubleshoots technological problems; uses technology to increase productivity; keeps technical skills up to date.
Problem Solving - Identifies and resolves problems in a timely manner; gathers and analyzes information skillfully; develops alternative solutions; works well in group problem solving situations; uses reason even when dealing with emotional topics.
Communications - Expresses ideas and thoughts verbally; expresses ideas and thoughts in written form; exhibits good listening and comprehension; keeps others adequately informed; selects and uses appropriate communication methods.
Cooperation - Establishes and maintains effective relations; exhibits tact and consideration; offers assistance and support to co-workers; works cooperatively in group situations; works actively to resolve conflicts.
Oral Communication - Speaks clearly and persuasively in positive or negative situations; listens and gets clarification; responds well to questions; demonstrates group presentation skills; participates in meetings.
Teamwork - Balances team and individual responsibilities; exhibits objectivity and openness to others' views; gives and welcomes feedback; contributes to building a positive team spirit; puts success of team above own interests; able to build morale and group commitments to goals and objectives; supports everyone's efforts to succeed.
Written Communication - Writes clearly and informatively; edits work for spelling and grammar; varies writing style to meet needs; presents numerical data effectively; able to read and interpret written information.
Leadership - Exhibits confidence in self and others; inspires and motivates others to perform well; effectively influences actions and opinions of others; accepts feedback from others; gives appropriate recognition to others.
Quality Management - Looks for ways to improve and promote quality; demonstrates accuracy and thoroughness.
Visionary Leadership - Displays passion and optimism; inspires respect and trust; mobilizes others to fulfill the vision; provides vision and inspiration to peers and subordinates.
Conflict Resolution - Encourages open communications; confronts difficult situations; maintains objectivity; keeps emotions under control; uses negotiation skills to resolve conflicts.
Cost Consciousness - Works within approved budget; develops and implements cost saving measures; contributes to profits and revenue; conserves organizational resources.
Ethics - Treats people with respect; keeps commitments; inspires the trust of others; works with integrity and principles; upholds organizational values.
Organizational Support - Follows policies and procedures; completes administrative tasks correctly and on time; supports organization's goals and values; benefits organization through outside activities; supports affirmative action and respects diversity.
Adaptability - Adapts to changes in the work environment; manages competing demands; changes approach or method to best fit the situation; able to deal with frequent change, delays, or unexpected events.
Achievement Focus - Sets and achieves challenging goals; demonstrates persistence and overcomes obstacles; measures self against standard of excellence; recognizes and acts on opportunities; takes calculated risks to accomplish goals.
Personal Appearance - Dresses appropriately for position; keeps self well groomed.
Attendance/Punctuality - Is consistently at work and on time; ensures work responsibilities are covered when absent; arrives at meetings and appointments on time.
Dependability - Follows instructions, responds to management direction; takes responsibility for own actions; keeps commitments; commits to long hours of work when necessary to reach goals; completes tasks on time or notifies appropriate person with an alternate plan.
Initiative - Volunteers readily; undertakes self-development activities; seeks increased responsibilities; takes independent actions and calculated risks; looks for and takes advantage of opportunities; asks for and offers help when needed.
Innovation - Displays original thinking and creativity; meets challenges with resourcefulness; generates suggestions for improving work; develops innovative approaches and ideas; presents ideas and information in a manner that gets others' attention.
Judgement - Displays willingness to make decisions; exhibits sound and accurate judgment; supports and explains reasoning for decisions; includes appropriate people in decision-making process; makes timely decisions.
Quality - Demonstrates accuracy and thoroughness; looks for ways to improve and promote quality; applies feedback to improve performance; monitors own work to ensure quality.
Quantity - Meets productivity standards; completes work in timely manner; strives to increase productivity; works quickly.
Safety and Security - Observes safety and security procedures; determines appropriate action beyond guidelines; reports potentially unsafe conditions; uses equipment and materials properly.Job Qualifications Qualifications

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Education and/or Experience

High school diploma or general education degree (GED); or one to three years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Previous work in winding, motor/generator mechanics required.

Mathematical Skills

Ability to add and subtract two digit numbers and to multiply and divide with 10's and 100's. Ability to perform these operations using units of American money and weight measurement, volume, and distance.

Reasoning Ability

Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out simple one- or two-step instructions. Ability to deal with standardized situations with only occasional or no variables.

Computer Skills

To perform this job successfully, an individual should have knowledge of Microsoft Office.

Certificates, Licenses, Training

Forklift and overhead crane certification required. Valid drivers license. Periodic training as required.

Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to talk and hear. The employee is frequently required to stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee is occasionally required to sit and climb or balance. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 60 pounds unrestricted. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus.

The use of Personal Protection Equipment (PPE) is required for the feet, head, ears, and eyes in shop and safety sensitive areas.


Go to apply 

