Job Title = Engineer

Multi Skilled Engineer, Telford We are Hiring Due to continued growth we are recruiting for an Engineer to join our team based in Telford.

We are a leading supplier of Poultry products into an impressive range of customers in the UK retail and food service sectors.

With ambitious plans for the future, there hasnât been a more exciting time to join us.

Join us as an Engineer and you can be a part of the aspiring team that brings Avara Foods to life.

Purpose of the role The main responsibility of a Multi Skilled Engineer is to work closely with our production team, providing an essential repairs and maintenance service.

As an engineer in our team, you will also be involved in planned maintenance activities as well as project work, installations and authorised machine enhancements.

What we are looking for To be successful as a Multi Skilled Engineer you will have fault diagnostic skills on Pneumatics, Hydraulics, Electrical and Mechanical equipment and be able to interpret schematic drawings.

Working as part of a large engineering team you will need to be able to demonstrate good team work as well as working on your own initiative and be proactive.

It is essential that you have a Minimum of Mechanical City & Guilds, along with 17th edition or equivalent electrical qualifications.

A little about us: We are a leading supplier of chicken, turkey and duck products into an impressive range of customers in the UK retail and food service sectors.

We are a fully integrated business controlling the whole product supply chain, which include feed mills, farms, hatcheries and factories with associated transport and logistics functions that employ more than 6000 people.

The growth of our business is based on providing a high quality, affordable product and delivering great service levels to our customers.

This is achieved by investing in people, utilising the latest technology and being uncompromising in our commitment to high quality and food standards.

Whatâs in it for you? We are committed to making sure our employees reap rewards of commitment and great performance.

You will enjoy a secure, supportive and progressive working environment, where your contribution and achievements will be recognised and rewarded.

We offer comprehensive training as well as development and career progression opportunities.

You can also look forward to benefits that amongst other things include the following: 31 Days Holiday Generous Pension Life Insurance Various life style benefits If youâre ready to work in a dynamic environment alongside talented people who take pride in delivering great results, apply today We are committed to being an equal opportunities employer.

? This job was originally posted as


Go to apply 

