Job Title = Technician

Company Info: VCA Inc. owns, operates, and manages the largest network of freestanding veterinary hospitals and veterinary clinical reference laboratories in North America, with over 900 hospitals located in the U.S. states and Canada, and more than 55 clinical laboratories. VCA is also a leading supplier of diagnostic imaging equipment to the veterinary industry, as well as operating a franchisor of premier dog daycare facilities.
If you are a current employee, you need to apply through our internal career site. Please log into Workday and click on the Career worklet on the landing page or search for Find Jobs. You can also copy the link below into a browser to apply through our internal career site: Animal Hospital of Lynnfield is conveniently located right off Route 95/128 at Exit 41. We've been serving Lynnfield and surrounding areas since 1951 and are a full- service hospital, complete with surgical suite, radiography, ultrasound, pharmacy and in-house laboratory.

Our patients are predominantly cats and dogs, but we also offer appointments for exotic species such as birds, reptiles, and small mammals such as guinea pigs and rabbits. We even see pigs for routine care and vaccines!

We are open 365 days a year and will gladly see emergency appointments even if you are not a client. Please contact us for more information regarding our facilities and services.

Some of our services:

Dental Cleaning and Surgery

Ultrasound

Laser Therapy

Behavioral Consults

Nutritional Consults

Boarding

Grooming

Community outreach
Can provide compassionate care to patients and clients.
Can conduct oneself in a confident and professional manner even when stressed and/or focused on individual tasks.
Can legibly keep accurate medical records in accordance hospital policy.
Can prepare and maintain the exam rooms and treatment areas.
Can perform physical assessments; record observations legibly in files or computer.
Can effectively restrain pets even when large or difficult.
Understands all common vaccinations and vaccination protocols and can explain to clients.
Understands the importance of a clean and orderly facility, does not hesitate to clean or organize as part of a normal job duty.
Maintains positive, cooperative relationships with other employees.
Gives SQ, IM and IV injections.
Can handle client’s medical questions with confidence and direct to veterinarians when appropriate.
Can prepare estimates for procedures and discuss financial commitments with clients supporting hospital financial policies.
Can explain necessary followup and homecare instructions.
Understands usage, dosage, and common side-effects for commonly used prescription drugs and can readily explain them to the clients.
Can maintain an appropriate inventory of all medical supplies as determined by the inventory control system.
Can assist the veterinarian in medical, surgical and dental procedures; prepares patients for surgery; administers anesthesia; monitors patients during surgery and recovery; administers fluids.
Can properly care for all surgical materials; keep the operating room properly stocked and prepared for surgery.
Can perform emergency procedures such as control of bleeding, resuscitation with oxygen, opening airways, and external cardiac massage.
Can perform clinical laboratory procedures such as fecal flotation exams, heartworm checks, skin scrapings, urinalysis, and fungal cultures; draws blood for laboratory analysis; maintains file of lab test results and ensures that test results are recorded in patient records.
Can effectively position for and take radiographs.
Can perform electrocardiograms.
Can place IV catheters and properly care for them. Understands the use and care of IV pumps as well.
Knows common disease states and can alert veterinarians when symptoms change or when concerns arise with hospitalized patients.
Can prepare a patient and the machine for an ultrasound procedure.
Can admit patients following hospital policy and doctors written orders.
Can discharge patients based on the veterinarian’s orders, ensuring that patients are well groomed and in a medically appropriate state. Benefits: We offer competitive compensation along with a comprehensive benefits package, including medical, dental, vision and paid vacation/sick days, 401(k), generous employee pet discounts and more!The information in this position description indicates the general nature and level of work to be performed. It is not designed to be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. Management reserves the right to revise the job description or require that other tasks be performed when the circumstances of the job change (for example, emergencies, change in personnel, workload, or technical development).


Go to apply 

