Job Title = Machine Operator

Position Summary

The Machine Shop Technician is responsible for machine operation (which can include one or more processes such as trimming, tooling, Core Cutting, etc.) of composite products. The Technician needs to be able to work with both manual methods and use of hand tools and equipment to produce product according to defined planning and work instructions. Machines include: DMS, CMS, Thermwood, Mazak and Waterjet. On the job training is provided

Shift: Swing
Schedule: Monday - Friday 3:00 PM-11:30 PM (occasional extra hours as needed, including weekends)
Rate: $12.50/hr entry level to $18.00/hr depending on experience Responsibilities
Machine operation including one or more processes such as trimming, tooling, Core Cutting, etc.
Loading/aligning fixtures
Running program
Unloading and storing tooling
Use both manual methods and hand tools
Handling and deburring of parts
Quick inspection on parts
Drive a fork lift
Required Growth Areas
Improve in cutting parts and machining processes.
Cross train between all machines.
Improve on ACT specs and procedures.
Knowledge, Skills & Requirements
Work as a team member and contribute to a positive work environment.
Attention to detail
Have the ability to follow all written work instructions and procedures with minimal instruction.
Must be able to stand for extended periods – 8 hours min.
Must be able to use simple math.
Must be willing to work overtime and Saturday's when required.
Must be able to use hand tools and have good mechanical aptitude.
Must be able to lift, hold and carry up to 40 pounds unaided.
Have a strong work ethic – be disciplined, motivated, driven, hardworking, dedicated.
Must be a Citizen of the United States
Additional Responsibilities
Understand and adhere to ACT Aerospace Employee Code of Conduct.
Complete expected amount of work during the schedule work hours.
Meets time/production schedules as requested.
Makes effective use of materials and equipment so that work produced has few errors.
Follow all written instructions, work instructions, travelers and procedures.
Understand and adhere to all environmental health and safety policies and posted signs.
Complete production records, travelers and area logs as work is completed.
Participate in and contribute to process improvement, lean manufacturing and other initiatives.
Help in other areas in the shop to preserve shop flow (as needed).
Maintain the order and cleanliness of production and department work areas.
Wear the required personal protective equipment.
Consistent attendance and arrive to work on time.

Application Requirements
Complete online application (including; work history, references, etc.)
Resume
Cover letter
Work schedule match


Go to apply 

