Job Title = Engineer

Description
Job Requisition:
0365/Messaging Engineer

Job Description:

The Government Health and Safety Solutions Operation currently has an opening for an O365/Messaging Engineer to support a large healthcare contract in Rockville, MD. The Next Generation IT Services (NGITS) - Engineering contract provides enterprise and infrastructure engineering support to the Department of Health and Human Services.

The O365/ Messaging Engineer primary responsibilities include the following:

Hands-on design, enhancing and implementation of Office 365 solutions, Active Directory, Microsoft Exchange Server Online, Microsoft Exchange Hybrid, Azure Active Directory, and Active Directory Federation Services (ADFS).
Design and implement advanced functions of Office 365 including security, governance and compliance (e.g., DLP, IRM, MDM, E-Discovery, In-Place Hold, Retention Tags, and Encryption)
Qualifications

Bachelor's degree or equivalent and eight (8) years of general experience. Six (6) years of general experience is considered equivalent to a Bachelor's degree. With a Master's degree, six (6) years of general experience is required. With a PhD, four (4) years of general experience is required. Experience may be substituted in lieu of degree

Must be a Those authorized to work in the United States without sponsorship are encouraged to apply..

Must be able to obtain a public trust clearance

Microsoft Certifications in relevant areas preferred but not required.
Ability to express difficult and complex concepts clearly and concisely both orally and in writing.
Ability to write clear, logical reports, and instructions.
Works independently on assigned projects.
Work effectively and cooperatively with administrators, staff, users, project consultants and vendors.

Meet established priorities and schedules.

External Referral Bonus:
Eligible

Potential for Telework:
No

Clearance Level Required:
Public Trust

Travel:
No

Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40

Shift:
Day

Requisition Category:
Professional

Job Family:
Systems Administration

2000

Health
Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world's toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company's 33,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $10.19 billion for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2018. For more information, visit .

Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available here .

Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information at any part of the employment application process. And Leidos will communicate with you only through emails that are sent from a Leidos.com email address. If you receive an email purporting to be from Leidos that asks for payment-related information or any other personal information, please report the email to .

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, ethnicity, age, national origin, citizenship, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, family structure, marital status, ancestry, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Leidos will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with relevant laws.

Permanent


Go to apply 

