Job Title = Machine Operator

Machine Operatorposted:Wednesday, October 02, 2019

Location

Van Buren, Indiana

Industry

Manufacturing & Production (Production Occupations)

Job Type

Temp to Perm

Working Hours

Various Shifts Available

Salary

US$ 17.25 - US$ 18.75 per hour

Ref. Number

S_49149

Contact

Spherion, Spherion

Phone

**Job Description**

Weaver Popcorn is currently looking for skilled Machine Operators to fill immediate openings located in Van Buren, IN. Interested candidates preferably have experience in a manufacturing environment and must have a mechanical aptitude, and basic computer knowledge.

Responsibilities:

Operate equipment as trained and required per the SOP

Operate machinery to include tasks of troubleshooting, maintenance, and repairs as required to fix or improve integrity and functionality of equipment

Perform all quality checks

Produce products to required specifications

Perform Lockout/Tagout whenever service, maintenance, or repair will be performed.

Working hours: Various Shifts Available

Skills:

The starting wage for this position ranges from $17.25 to $18.75 per hour.

Bonus opportunities available!

Education:

High School

Experience:

0-1 years

Qualifications:

High school education or equivalent

Valid Operators License

Basic computer knowledge

Able to stand 8 to 12 hours per shift

Able to work either days (4:30 AM - 4:45 PM) or nights (4:30 PM - 4:45 AM)

Able to work a 2-2-3 rotating schedule that works every other weekend.

Able to work a Monday - Friday schedule.

Able to lift up to 50 lbs

Spherion has helped thousands of people just like you find work happiness! Our experienced staff will listen carefully to your employment needs and then work diligently to match your skills and qualifications to the right job and company. Whether you're looking for temporary, temp-to-perm or direct hire opportunities, no one works harder for you than Spherion. EEO Employer: Race, Religion, Color, National Origin, Citizenship, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, Age, Disability, Ancestry, Veteran Status, Genetic Information, Service in the Uniformed Services or any other classification protected by law.


Go to apply 

