Job Title = Engineer

Allstaff Recruitment – Biggleswade Allstaff Recruitment are delighted to be working with a busy and expanding organisation for an Engineer to join their busy team.
This role is being offered on a full time, permanent basis with a salary of £23,000 to £27,000 per annum (DOE). As the Engineer, your duties will include: · Providing engineering advice and design input from feasibility through planning and onto construction · Producing highway and drainage designs, together with associated drawings and calculations for technical approvals and construction · Liaising with highway, water authorities and other stakeholders to agree design parameters and obtain necessary approvals · Undertaking 3D ground modelling to assess cut and fill quantities · Providing technical guidance to less experienced staff members In order to apply for this role, you will have a Masters or Bachelor’s d egree in Civil Engineering.
Your experience should Highway and drainage designs to achieve technical agreements, such as S38, S278, S104 and Building Control approval.
**Thank you for your interest in the Engineer position, your application will now be reviewed by one of our qualified consultants.
Due to the high volume of applications Allstaff Recruitment receive, it is with regret we are unable to respond to all candidates directly.
However, if you do not hear from us within seven days, you have unfortunately been unsuccessful on this occasion.
We hope you will apply for future roles with Allstaff Recruitment that are advertised regularly on our website . To keep up to date with all our recruitment activities, please like us on Facebook and follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter . Allstaff Recruitment is an Independent Recruitment Specialist acting as an employment agency and an employment business, specialising in permanent, contract and temporary placements across a vast number of industries.
If you are looking for Jobs in Bedford, then look no further than the Allstaff Recruitment website for a variety of different roles across numerous industries.
When looking for recruitment in Bedford, Allstaff Recruitment is genuinely interested in both our candidates and clients and aims to find the best match for you.
Our ethos is simple: to build long term relationships by offering an exceptional recruitment service at all times.
As a member of the REC, Allstaff Recruitment is committed to working to the highest possible standards.
**


Go to apply 

