Job Title = Technician

Swift Temps are currently looking to recruit x3 printing and thermoforming manufacturing technicians to work for our client based in Runcorn for immediate starts.
Working as part of a team you will be responsible for setting and running of machines on a production line so a good eye for detail is required.
The job function is to ensure the quality of the material produced on his/her machine is in accordance with customer specification.
The Key Responsibilities are; 1.
To produce finished product to the required standard and to the customers specification.
2.
To work in a safe manner as to not endanger yourself or other personnel.
3.
To maintain the highest standard of housekeeping on his/her machine at all times.
This company are looking for a reliable person to join their team on a permanent basis after a successful probationary period and put a lot of training and time into their workers.
In this role you will be; 1.
Quality checking your work so attention to detail is a must.
2.
Showing a proactive approach and to have a flexible approach to the running of the machine.
3.
Keeping your work stations clean and tidy at all times.
4.
Committed to training.
5.
Maximising the use of raw materials 6.
Setting the machines in accordance with standard setting documentation.
7.
Taking actions to keep downtime and the production of scrap to a minimum.
8.
Any other duties as required within your role.
Previous experience working with setting of machines, use of extrusion machines, print machines, injection moulding machines and computer knowledge will all be an advantage.
Pay rates start between £9.00-£9.50 dependant on experience and then a review of pay rate will be done after 6 months.
The hours of work do vary between days and nights on 12hr shifts on a 06.00-18.00 and 18.00-06.00 shifts with an average of 40hours per week over a 3 week period.
The environment can become hot and dusty at times so please be aware of this.
If you believe you are the right candidate for this and hold the relevant skills and experience then please apply via Indeed or call the office to speak to our team on .


Go to apply 

