
I.JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
a.Operate conveyor belt manufacturing machine.
b.Set up machine per run specifications prior to start up.
c.Familiarization with existing and new product run parameters prior to start up.
d.Complete check off list and confirm machine readiness. Notify production supervisor of any needed changes.
e.Verify machine readiness in relation to raw materials needed to make the product.
f.Complete knowledge of the production process, including raw materials: paste, fabric, finished product.
g.Ultimate responsibility for product quality.
h.Monitor and adjust equipment as needed to maintain product specifications, including gauge checks.
i.Consult production supervisor if unable to maintain product specifications.
j.Responsible for fabric usage and inventory.
k.Monitor seams and changes that go through the machine. Verify that the desired results are achieved and raw materials are in place.
l.Assist with machine clean up as needed.
m.Gather all necessary personnel for machine start up, shut down, roll change, seam/fabric changes, etc.
n.Take charge of team, communicate and confirm their awareness of the expectations.
o.Notify maintenance of immediate problems and fill out work orders for repairs.
p.Complete log book for start up/shut down.
q.Troubleshoot problems on machine.

II.EXPECTATIONS
a.Follow safety guidelines.
b.Follow al GMPs.
c.Responsible for housekeeping.
d.Responsible for reporting broken tools, machinery, blocked isles, doors, wet floors, and poor housekeeping area.
e.Accountable for quality of product and following procedures.
f.Attend and participate in team meetings.
g.Enter time worked in computer.
h.Train new associates when needed.
i.Active participant in job related Rapid Improvement Events (RIE).
j.Effective communication with management team on all quality and production related issues. III.PREFERRED EDUCATIONAL AND SKILL REQUIREMENTS
a.High school diploma or equivalent.
b.Minimum 3 years machine operating and/or machine maintenance experience.
c.Comprehension of machine controls.
d.Working knowledge of measuring devices: calipers, tape measures, scales.
e.Forklift experience.
f.Ability to lift 50 pounds.
g.Ability to lead others.
h.Ability to perform duties without supervision during normal production.
i.Problem solving skills.


Go to apply 

