Job Title = Structural Project Engineer

Collins is seeking a Structural Project Engineer to join our talented engineering team in St. Paul, MN. We’re currently working on various projects across the upper Midwest. Collins is pioneering the use of Unmanned Aircraft Systems (drones) for inspection projects across the Midwest. This position will be at the forefront of an ever-changing industry, providing the opportunity to work on a varied mix of structural inspection and design projects that include:
Underwater and above water bridges, including: new bridge design, bridge rehabilitation design and bridge load ratings.
Tunnels
Highway
Railroad
Signs
Qualified candidates should have between 4-10 years of experience as a structural engineer, project engineer or project manager of structural projects. The individual is expected to manage and meet our clients' goals and objectives, meet the scope and timeline of each project and be responsible for field inspection and technical design.
This position is approximately 25% field work vs. 75% office work. There will be about 10% travel. If you know how to dive or are curious about becoming an engineer-diver, Collins will help develop that interest to further your career.
This position will report directly to the Regional Manager. Potential candidates for the position should be a licensed Professional Engineer or can attain their PE within 12 months. Other certificates that are desirable: Team Leader Certification, Diving experience or ADCI certification, and/or UAS Remote Pilot Certification (Drones).
TYPICAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties may be assigned.
Provides technical engineering expertise to Project Manager and/or client to ensure the project complies with all engineering standards, codes, specifications, and design instructions.
Reviews, analyzes, and resolves field and/or design issues.
Performs complex engineering computations involving conventional engineering practices.
Prepares complete engineering plans or reports.
Demonstrates strong proficiency in computer-assisted engineering and design software and equipment to prepare engineering and design documents.
Makes design recommendations and/or adaptations.
Is active in technical societies.
Publishes engineering papers and/or articles.
Responsible for engineering projects of varying size and complexity in field or office in accordance with plans and specifications.
Plans, schedules, conducts, and/or coordinates detailed phases of assigned project work.
Is familiar with project budgets and timelines and apprises the Project Manager of potential or anticipates changes in scope.
Assists in coordinating project schedules and timely completion of projects.
Assists in proposal preparation, project scoping, and estimating project costs.
Is available to attend meetings or events outside of normal working hours.
Directs and supervises the work of other engineers, technicians, drafters and administrative staff.
Actively observes and acts in an appropriate manner related to safety.
Ensures that staff needing specialized training in health and safety procedures and practices receives such training and that safety is discussed as an important aspect of their work.
EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE:
Bachelor's degree and/or master’s degree in civil engineering from an accredited four-year university.
4-10 years of experience in project engineering.
Experience in the inspection and/or design of, but not limited to, bridges, roadways, railroads, marinas, and/or ports.
CERTIFICATES, LICENSES, REGISTRATIONS:
Professional Engineer (P.E.) or ability to obtain within one year required
Team Leader Certification a plus
Diving experience or ADCI certification preferred, interest in diving required
UAS Remote Pilot Certification (Drones) a plus
Valid driver's license if operating company vehicle
PHYSICAL DEMANDS
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit; stand; use hands to finger, handle, or feel objects, tools, or controls, reach with hands and arms, and talk or hear. The employee is occasionally required to walk, sit, climb or balance, and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee may be required to lift and/or move up to 25 pounds, and occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus.
While in the field, the employee may be required to walk in rugged conditions, work in adverse weather conditions, and stand up to eight hours or more at a time.
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
SAFETY
Employee safety and security are critical parts of our core values. Accountability, attitude, communication, pro-active improvement, and teamwork ensure safe conditions and safe actions. All employees are expected to actively participate in the Collins Safety Program, and opportunities exist at all levels to serve on our Safety Committee. Safety, Health, and Environment are part of our company culture, and sincere involvement is required for all employees.
As a federal contractor, Collins Engineers is a drug and alcohol-free workplace.
NOTICE TO THIRD PARTY AGENCIES
Collins Engineers, Inc. does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters or employment agencies. In the event a recruiter or agency submits a resume or candidate without a previously signed agreement and approved engagement request, Collins Engineers, Inc. reserves the right to pursue and hire those candidate(s) without any financial obligation to the recruiter or agency. All unsolicited resumes received are the property of Collins Engineers, Inc.
Collins Engineers, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action/M/F/Vet/Disability Employer.


Go to apply 

