Job Title = Machine Operator

Device Molding Technician (Night) -

This is for a night shift position.
Operate and monitor the performance of a group of injection molding machines in accordance with the standard operating procedures (SOP's) and production and quality standards. Will be required to stop and start the molding presses, troubleshoot minor auxiliary equipment, and assist in set-up of molding machine and equipment. Monitors and records machine processes, visually inspects product, prepares product for release, and maintains and controls all quality equipment. Participate in the team building concept. Performs all duties required in career block 1 and 2. Participates in all team meetings, activities, team building initiatives, and continuous improvement activities.
Hiring Requirements

1. Perform/audit first/last article checks according to Manufacturing Document 85.
2. Responsible for monitoring all auxiliary equipment for proper operation and grinding runners where applicable.
3. Responsible for weighing and labeling each bag, box, or tote utilizing the utility computer. Ensure all labels are correct according to the work order information.
4. Prepare parts for shipment to the warehouse by properly labeling each box or tote by stamping "Final Release" and stacking on the appropriate pallets.
5. Responsible for performing dimensional and visual quality checks according to the appropriate procedures within the department.
6. Responsible for documentation of the quality checks and corrective actions on the Molding Inspection Record.
7. Prepare all paperwork for upcoming changes.
8. Responsible for proper handling and documentation of rejected product on the injection molding machines.
9. Responsible for the housekeeping of the injection molding machines and surrounding areas as defined in the department procedures.
10. Maintain an open line of communication to assure all problems and changes are communicated and resolved in a timely manner.
11. As requested, assist other team members in cross-training and conduct on the job training of other associates.
12. Work overtime as needed by the department.
13. Actively participate in Continuous Improvement teams and activities, including 5S, blitzes, Shift Start-up, updating PVD boards, etc.
14. Continuously improve through the KAS program, meeting department goals for completed KAS.
15. Comply with all local, state, federal, and BD safety regulations, policies, and procedures including RCRA Hazardous Waste regulations.
16. Comply with all local BD quality policies, procedures, and practices through consistent application of sound quality assurance principles.
17. Other duties as assigned.

Requirements:
o High school diploma or GED


Go to apply 

