
Description:
Biosolids Plant Operator
DESCRIPTION:
You’re experienced working in industrial settings, and now you’re looking for that perfect fit.
You want a place with growth opportunity – a place that invests in people and promotes from within.
You want meaningful work – to know you’re making a contribution to your community and working for the good of the planet.
You want work/life balance – an employer that treats you like a whole person.
What you really want is a job at Walker Environmental Group, and we want you.
Walker Environmental Group
Walker Environmental, a division of Walker Industries, is a leading resource recovery and waste management company. The company owns and operates landfills, waste transfer and haulage facilities, biosolids processing plants, composting facilities, food/residual organic processing facilities and landfill gas renewable energy projects throughout Canada. Our product brands, created from the recovery of resources often considered waste, include N-Rich®, All Treat Farms® and Gro-Bark®.
Biosolids Plant Operator
This is a full-time, hourly position working out of our Niagara area facility. You’ll start at $23.83 and after three months that will increase to $27.76/hour. We offer great benefits and pension plans, a wellness allowance and vacation. We also have multiple events to celebrate company and employee successes. We offer more perks than most of our employees use. Your goal in this position is to make sure the biosolids plant carries out its daily operations efficiently and effectively, while producing a high quality product.
To accomplish this, you’ll do the following:
receive and inspect waste loads
collect and process samples for quality control
control and monitor the facility’s processes
operate processing and mobile equipment
perform routine plant maintenance
maintain the facility and its equipment
complete paperwork and reporting
You’ll succeed in this role because you are:
Reliable – you follow through on commitments, and you work hard.
Diligent – you consistently pay attention to detail and follow procedures carefully.
Proactive – you own your responsibilities, watch for potential issues, and you don’t pass the buck.
Positive – you’re solution-minded, helpful and encouraging. You’re a great teammate.
We take great care of our people, and we expect a lot from them. This role requires some flexibility around shift scheduling. We’re fair about distributing Saturdays, overtime and emergency coverage. You’ll be part of a team, so success will involve give and take with them.
These are the qualifications on our must-have list:
Experience in an industrial processing plant
Experience with Microsoft Office, particularly Word and Excel
Heavy equipment experience (front end loaders), a strong asset; otherwise training will be provided.
Able to lift 50lbs
Proven mechanical aptitude
Post-secondary degree or diploma, an asset
Working at Walker Industries
Established in 1887, we are proud to be a fifth-generation, family-owned, Canadian company. Our group of companies includes aggregates, paving & construction, emulsions and environmental waste & recycling solutions. We are known for our philanthropy and ‘above and beyond’ service to our customers and communities.
There’s a lot more we’re proud of too.
We’re proud to be growing, serving more customers and providing more jobs across Canada and the USA.
We’re proud of our environmental stewardship – turning waste into useful products and energy and working to the highest standards of disposal.
We’re proud to use the best tools and technology in the business – serving our customers well and keeping our employees safe.
And we’re proud of an awesome people-first culture. Working here means being part of a team – not a cog in a machine – and even in regional offices we feel valued, autonomous, and central to the action. Everyone at Walker has a voice.


Go to apply 

