Job Title = Engineer

Engineer Full-time, permanent position 40 hours per week Bury St Edmunds, IP32 7AR A vacancy has arisen within our Engineering Department for a mechanically biased Multi-Skilled Engineer based in Bury St.
Edmunds.
The role will involve maintaining a high speed bottling line 25,000BPH with wet glue and pressure sensitive label application.
Reporting to the Small Pack Engineering Manager, the position requires an experienced Multi-Skilled Mechanical Engineer who has worked in a time pressured production environment and served a recognised Mechanical Apprenticeship.
Above all, the successful candidate must be flexible, motivated, committed and be able to produce results through teamwork.
The key responsibilities and skills for the role are: Responsibilities: Resolve faults efficiently with minimal downtime to the Production Department Key Skills and Attributes: Extensive knowledge of Food / Packaging Mechanical industry Common knowledge of PLC controlled equipment Positive working attitude / ability to work on your own and part of a team Organised and diligent in all areas of work, with a high attention to detail Excellent / confident communication skills Ability to remain calm and focused when working under pressure Ability to work to the Greene King Values of Customer, Results, Respect and Team Shift pattern/Pay/overtime/Holidays: We currently run a three shift, 5 day rotating pattern Monday to Friday 6-2 /2-10 /10-6 this can flex to 12 hour shifts 6-6 shift when holidays are taken by the team 240hrs holiday a year (bank holidays required as and when) Shift Rates as follows: Saturday 1.437 /Sunday Double time Monday to Friday we run a single rate banked hour system that is paid at the end of the financial year (maximum 240hrs banked) Banked hours can be requested when the plant is not required to run providing maintenance work is up to date and not required A sound knowledge of process equipment, pumps, valves etc.
Diagnosis of pneumatic circuits, valves etc.
Ability to weld process pipework (non-essential) Carry out planned maintenance (PPM's) and plant continuous improvements relating to all process equipment for liquid handling to be completed to the required standards Utilise CMMS software package Basic Electrical skills, to fault find on medium to low voltage circuits What can we offer you?
Competitive salary 33% Greene King discount on food and drink in our managed pubs 25% discount for 10 of your Friends & Family Wide range of employee benefits (pension, dental, share save, free refreshments, on site cafe) Excellent training and career progression opportunities Free onsite parking We are the country's leading pub retailer and brewer, running over 3,000 pubs, restaurants and hotels in towns, villages and city-centre high streets across England, Wales and Scotland.
So what is it like to work here?
We work behind the scenes to guarantee the smooth operation of our pubs, restaurants, hotels and breweries.
With around 44,000 people all across the UK who rely on us for guidance and support.
Making sure we deliver this to a business as large and fast-paced as Greene King isn't always easy, but with the right attitude and an unyielding commitment to our customers, anything is possible.
We pull together to get things done and work hard to motivate and support each other to do well as one team.
We believe in celebrating successes and recognising others for what we do, ask any one of our employees and they will say they are proud to be part of Greene King.
Other Information Greene King Locals Reference Code req3754


Go to apply 

