Job Title = Machine Operator

Employee Type:
Full time

Location:
MD Cambridge

Job Type:
Production Operations

Job Posting Title:
Machine Operator

Job Description:

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following:
Follows all safety policies (LOTO, Safe Knife Handling, Safe Lifting Technics Safe Chemical Handling
Wears all PPE as required by task being preformed
Will be GMP compliant at all times on production floor
Follows all quality policies & procedures (Safe Material Handling, Lot Traceability)
Pull samples as required
Good written and oral skills
Make sure product is within acceptable quality ranges on packaging and weights
Make sure paperwork is filled out completely in a neat and orderly fashion and turned in at the end of your shift
Ensure adequate amounts of all supplies/packaging materials are available.
Familiarity of Technical Operating System of filling machines and Packaging Machinery and Equipment.
Operating Machines, carrying out weekly care as well as daily care before and after production.
Responsible to feed the right packaging materials to the filling machines on time as well as right quality.
Support appropriate maintenance activities
Performing CIP according to SOP including pulling heaters apart and cleaning properly
Stay with maintenance during maintenance check after CIP
Any downtime is cleaning time
Must be self- motivated and be a team player. Has the ability to work without direct supervision
Train and Develop personnel as needed
Will stay in your work center until your relief arrives
Must notify a Supervisor/Line Leader if you need to leave your work area for prolonged period of time
Completes assigned task in timely manner with minimal supervision
Participates and Interact with other employee's supporting a team environment.

Disability Assistance
TreeHouse Foods is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers, including those with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, please contact us by sending an email to [Click Here to Email Your Resum ]. In your email please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting and a description of the position for which you are applying.

EEO Considerations
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status.


Go to apply 

