
Clean Tech was founded in 1989 to reclaim the plastic in water containers and other post-consumer packaging. Clean Tech's leaders knew that recycling would extend disposal capacity, save money in disposal costs and conserve natural resources. They saw further growth opportunity in the business's potential for creating new jobs and providing a reliable, cost-effective resource for the manufacturing industry. It
This modern recycling center initiated the company's entry into the environmental movement more than 20 years ago. Clean Tech recycled 2 billion bottles in 2007 alone at its Dundee, MI facility. It now recycles more than 3 billion bottles per year and continues to invest in recycling technology and operational improvements. Expanding Recycling to Europe: A Luxembourg recycling center anchors environmental operations in Europe with PET recycling. Clean Tech is part of the Plastipak family of companies.
In order to process your job application, Clean Tech Recycling collects and stores the personal information that you submit via this website. Please refer to our Privacy Policy to understand how Clean Tech Recycling uses and protects the information that you provide.
Clean Tech is an equal opportunity employer.
Position Description:
Responsible for and has the authority for setting up and operating HDPE or PET production lines, making necessary adjustments or minor mechanical repairs in a safe and efficient manner per qualification certification level.
Responsibilities:
Work in a safe manner in compliance with all company safety rules and all local safety requirements.
Identification and improvement of safety items to assure safe operation.
Work in compliance to Clean Tech's ISO Quality Policies, GMP, Operational Procedures and that High Standards of Workmanship are maintained at all times.
Running line to the set operating parameters.
Performing quality checks related to line operation maintaining housekeeping associated with line.
Maintaining 6S standard associated with line work.
Reduction/elimination of unplanned downtime.
Performing preventative maintenance and cleaning as assigned.
Helping maintain parts and supplies associated with line.
Working with group leader for continuous improvement.
Assisting in any training and mentoring assigned.
Taking part in any additional training provided.
Participating in team meetings.
Completion of documents related to job.
Qualifications:
Mechanically inclined as verifiable by transcript, reference, testing, or other approved methods.
Basic computer, math and reading knowledge and PLC interaction experience preferred.
Good verbal communication skills as demonstrated in the context of the interviewing processes.
Strong interpersonal skills as demonstrated in the context of the interviewing processes and verifiable references.
Must have a valid driver's license a GED or high school diploma in order to apply and be considered.
Why should you apply?
You may be eligible for:
Medical, dental, and vision insurance
Telemedicine
Company paid life insurance and disability
Paid vacation and holidays
401(k) and profit sharing plan with company match
Dependent Care Flexible Spending Account
Pet Insurance
Referral bonus program


Go to apply 

