Job Title = Engineer

JOB SUMMARY

- ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS/DUTIES

Serves as a technical advisor responsible for a broad program involving development, budgeting, scheduling, project management, and installation of systems. Performs in a supervisor's role for engineers involved in the development, testing, integration, and sustainment of specialized and diverse software, electronic, and/or mechanical equipment and systems.
Determines test objectives, instrumentation, and data requirements; writes test planning documents; schedules program activities; tracks funding and expenditures; plans and conducts test missions; analyzes resultant data; and documents results in test reports, statistical evaluations, and briefing presentations.
Directs interface with internal and external customers at all levels from quotation to final design; acts as liaison for test activities, design reviews, and technical working group meetings to comply with requirements and specifications.
Generates complete design specifications for more complex projects.
Coordinates and works closely with other engineering, logistics, financial, and program management disciplines to define system specifications and requirements.
Verifies and complies with engineering documentation standards and test procedures.
Prepares, delivers, and submits technical papers and performs engineering studies. Supports development of technical proposals and provides comments on the technical content and level of effort of the proposed scope of work.
Acts and is recognized as a Company/industry expert resource on the most complex engineering problems.
Maintains technical project responsibility for assigned tasks and advises management of progress in support of the technical and administrative direction of project operations.
Conducts site visits and experimental investigations and analyzes engineering problems, proposes solutions and alternatives, and provides recommendations.
Develops, interprets, and implements technical and administrative operating policies and procedures.
Performs other position-related duties and assignments as directed.

OTHER RESPONSIBILITIES

Each employee must read, understand, and implement the general and specific operational, safety, quality, and environmental requirements of all plans, procedures, and policies pertaining to his/her job.

WORKING CONDITIONS

This position involves work typical of an office environment with no unusual hazards. There is occasional lifting to 20 pounds, constant sitting with occasional use of a computer terminal, constant use of sight abilities while reviewing documents, constant use of speech/hearing abilities for communication, and constant mental alertness. Routine travel to remote Company work locations may be required.

REQUIREMENTS - EDUCATION, TECHNICAL AND WORK EXPERIENCE

The incumbent must have a Bachelor of Science in Engineering from an ABET-accredited academic institution and 8 years of related engineering experience, or have an accredited Master of Science in Engineering with at least 6 years of related engineering experience, or have an accredited doctoral degree in Engineering with at least 4 years of related engineering experience. The incumbent must have comprehensive knowledge of concepts, principles, and practices of engineering to provide consultative services on development programs and in the design and development of systems and components. The position requires knowledge and skill sufficient to apply the latest developments in engineering to solve complex problems in the specialty area. The incumbent must have excellent communication and analytical skills and must possess effective planning/organizing skills. The incumbent must have a working knowledge of computer systems and computer-based engineering tools. The incumbent must possess well-developed leadership skills and have the ability to investigate, troubleshoot, and design solutions to problems from a broad prospective. Incumbent will be required to qualify for and maintain a government security clearance and must have a valid, current state driver's license. DISCLAIMER The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of persons so classified. Rev B Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled


Go to apply 

