Job Title = Technician

Job Details
June 25, 2019
Description
At Orkin, our purpose is to help protect the world where we live, work, and play.
Our Service Technicians are committed to this purpose. Service Technicians
Orkin is the pest management industry leader. We offer extensive training for our Service Technicians who deliver valuable service to customers every day. We offer extensive training for our Service Technicians who deliver valuable service to customers every day.
Are you interested in a chance to expand your knowledge and grow your career as well as your financial opportunities? Then check out our position that can turn into so much more! The Successful Candidate Will . . .
Follow a route schedule within assigned territory, ensuring timely and safe arrival at each customers home
Operate a company vehicle safely and ensure cleanliness of the vehicle and equipment
Communicate with customers to ensure satisfaction and discuss additional services that meet customer needs for a complete pest management program
Serve as a problem solver for your customer by utilizing the in-depth training provided to decide on the most efficient and best overall pest solution for each customer's needs
Complete all required service-related documentation and leverage your hand held device provided for speed and accuracy
Comprehensive benefits package including medical, dental, vision, maternity, & life insurance
401(k) plan with company match,employee stock purchase plan
Paid vacation, holidays, andsick leave
Employee discounts, tuition reimbursement, dependent scholarship awards
Industry leading, quality, comprehensive, paid training program
As the industry leader, we value PEOPLE, PROGRESS and PROFESSIONALISM
Orkin is financially stable and growing as the largest subsidiary ofRollins, Inc., (NYSE: ROL), headquartered in Atlanta, GA
Requirements: We require a good driving record and the ability to pass a drug screen. Candidates must meet physical job requirements and safely perform the following job duties with or without accommodations: Requirements:
Safely use a ladder within the manufacturer's weight capacity
Lift and carry up to 50 lbs.
Safely access crawl spaces, attics, confined spaces, rooftops, etc.
Ability to work in all types of weather conditions competitive earnings, career, management, military, route manager, training, trainee, service, construction, driver, fleet, lawn, route, field, delivery, uniform, warehouse, retail, restaurant, hotel, apartment, uniform, route driver
Qualifications

Skills
Required Intermediate Driving Intermediate Follow Specifications Intermediate Problem Solving Ability Intermediate Flexibility Intermediate Communication Intermediate Customer Service
Behaviors
Required Detail Oriented Capable of carrying out a given task with all details necessary to get the task done well Dedicated Devoted to a task or purpose with loyalty or integrity Preferred Loyal Shows firm and constant support to a cause
Motivations
Preferred Financial Inspired to perform well by monetary reimbursement Job Security Inspired to perform well by the knowledge that your job is safe Goal Completion Inspired to perform well by the completion of tasks Self-Starter Inspired to perform without outside help Entrepreneurial Spirit Inspired to perform well by an ability to drive new ventures within the business
Education
Required
High School/GED or better.
Experience
Preferred Less than 1 year: Experience and/or the ability to work in the field independently Less than 1 year: Experience and/or the ability to manage route-based assignments


Go to apply 

