
A leader in technology and innovation, Southwire Company, LLC is one of North Americas largest wire and cable producers. Southwire and its subsidiaries manufacture building wire and cable, metal-clad cable, portable and electronic cord products, OEM wire products and engineered products. In addition, Southwire supplies assembled products, contractor equipment and hand tools. We are proud to offer competitive compensation, employee benefits, tuition reimbursement, and unlimited growth opportunities. Our nearly seven decades of progressive growth can be attributed to our determination to developing innovative systems and solutions, exercising environmental stewardship and enhancing the wellbeing of our communities. How will you power whats possible?

Job Description

Location: Carrollton North Campus
Shift: 7pm-7am
Our Machine Operators are responsible for performing set-ups, operating machinery, identifying acceptable or unacceptable product quality according to customer requirements. We are seeking a highly motivated, career focused Machine Operators that are going to be dedicated, hardworking, and passionate about getting things done. If you are looking for an opportunity to learn and grow with an industry leader, join our team!

Qualifications:
Read and comprehend production SOPs (Standard Operating Procedures).
Set up equipment and ensure production materials are available.
Operate the machines and observe them during production. If problems are detected, stop the process and make minor repairs or refer major problems to production leadership and/or maintenance.
Collaborate with co-workers, supervisors and managers to achieve productivity and location goals.
Adhere to all safety procedures and report potentially unsafe conditions.
Maintain cleanliness of equipment and assigned area.
This list of duties and responsibilities is not all-inclusive and may be expanded to include other duties and responsibilities, as management may deem necessary from time to time.

What you ll need:
High School Diploma or equivalent.
Experience in a fast paced, high volume manufacturing environment
Ability to work in a team oriented environment.
Must be able to work in an environment with exposure to heat/cold conditions and levels of noise, and potential exposure to various industrial liquids, oils, gases, and etc.
Working knowledge and experience with MS Excel, MS Word, Data Entry, SAP desirable
Must be able to stand/walk for up to 10-12 hours
Meeting physical requirements, such as lifting, bending and standing for long periods
Must be able to lift up to 75 pounds with or without reasonable accommodation
Adhere to quality service standards and comply with procedures, rules and regulations.
Must be able to work a flexible/rotating work schedule, including weekends, holidays, and overtime (covering all shift schedules).
Must be able to follow and lead safety standards and practices.

Southwire is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.


Go to apply 

