
MiTek-- USA Inc., a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, Inc. is the world's leading supplier of state-of-the-art, engineered connector products, engineering services, and computer-driven machinery for the building component industry. We provide the industry's most advanced, most comprehensive, and most innovative software for design and manufacturing. Our products and services are backed up by a team of industry professionals who are dedicated to one goal - making our customers successful.

POSITION SUMMARY

Responsibilities include but are not limited to: set up and operate various production machines. Duties include supplying or holding materials or tools, and cleaning work area and equipment.

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS

Operate machinery used in the production process following company safety guidelines and policies.

Examine products to verify conformance to quality standards; observe equipment operations so that malfunctions can be detected.

Lift raw materials, finished products, and packed items, manually or using hoists.

Verify counts on finished products to determine if product orders are complete; mark or tag identification on parts; load and unload items from machines, conveyors, and conveyances.

Assist helpers performing duties of lesser skill by delegating job tasks, giving time constraints to all work procedures thru out the manufacturing processes, and cleaning work areas and equipment.

Record information such as the number of products tested, production readings, and dates and times of product production.

Start machines or equipment in order to begin production processes.

Separate products according to weight, grade, size, and composition of materials used to produce them.

Place products in equipment or on work surfaces for further processing, inspecting, or wrapping.

Remove products, machine attachments, and waste material from machines.

Pack and store materials and products.

Tie products in bundles for further processing or shipment, following prescribed procedures.

Transfer finished products, raw materials, tools, or equipment between storage and work areas of plants and warehouses, by hand or using hand trucks or powered lift trucks.

Signal coworkers to direct them to move products during the production process.

Prepare raw materials for processing.

Read gauges and charts, and record data obtained

Clean and maintain work areas, machines, equipment, vehicles, and products.

Separate defective products for reprocessing.

Change machine knives, using wrenches and applicable tools.

Wear many hats and may be asked to assist with other areas in the shop/office/warehouse.

Required SkillsEducation: High School Graduate or General Education Degree (GED)

Experience: Machine operator experience of some type or has been trained on specific machine processes

Computer Skills: Ability to be trained to learn basic computer skills, as well as to become proficient in company specific software.

Other Requirements: Proficient in English.Required Experience

Job Location

Chicago Ridge, US-IL


Go to apply 

