
Machine Operator in Cleveland, OH at Volt
Date Posted:
9/25/2019
Job Snapshot

Employee Type: Contingent

Location: Cleveland, OH

Job Type: Industrial

Duration: 48 weeks

Date Posted: 9/25/2019

Job ID: 64335

Contact Name Volt Branch

Phone 216/464-4400
Job Description

Position : Machine Operator
Location : Cleveland or Wickliffe Plant (Must be able to float if necessary/needed)
Pay Rate: $12.75/hr
Shift : 2nd and 3rd shift, Must be willing to work every shift
Are you looking for a career as a machine operator? Our client in Cleveland, Ohio is growing and wanting to their team. This is great opportunity to grow with an organization and continue to grow in your career.
The successful candidate will possess the following skills:
Steady work history
Previous manufacturing experience of at least 1 year
The ability to follow processes
Excellent communication skills both verbal and written
Basic math skills
Ability to lift and move 50lbs
Ability to stand 10 hours a day and be able to work any shift
Machine operation
Volt has been serving some of the nations strongest companies for over 60 years. We have a talented and upbeat staffing team focused on the quality for your career. As a Volt employee, you can expect the highest level of on-site support. We have a long standing tradition of developing lasting and mutually beneficial relationships with our employees. We are a Six Sigma company that also offers many employment opportunities. To learn more about Volt, please visit: and to see more of our job postings, please visit:
Volt is an Equal Opportunity Employer
Requirements;
High School Diploma or GED
Successful completion of pre-employment testing including a vision test
Ability to stand, walk and lift 50lbs multiple times during shift
Once hired into the company, our Client offers excellent medical benefits to include, dental and vision.
In order to promote this harmony in the workplace and to obey the laws related to employment, Volt maintains a strong commitment to equal employment opportunity without unlawful regard to race, color, national origin, citizenship status, ancestry, religion (including religious dress and grooming practices), creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital or parental status, age, mental or physical disability, medical condition, genetic information, military or veteran status or any other category protected by applicable law.


Go to apply 

