
Machine Operator
Operations
Fond du Lac,Wisconsin
Apply
Description
ACH Foam Technologies is North Americas leading manufacturer of molded foam solutions, providing architectural insulation, geofoam, protective packaging, cold chain packaging, and industrial applications. We believe our success starts with our people. Join our team!
Our Machine Operator is responsible for operating equipment in accordance with procedures to ensure optimum product quality.
Essential Functions:

General understanding of the manufacturing processes, quality standards, equipment operations, safety requirements and departmental procedures.

Verify equipment set-up prior to start of a production run, operates and shuts down manufacturing equipment.

Verifies order information, and produces part(s) with the correct material, density, weight, size, and/or shape within quality tolerance to meet specific job requirements while meeting productivity standards.

Monitors equipment and reports malfunctions to supervisor; assist with routine cleaning.

Maintains proper work logs and completes required reports as necessary.

Bundles, wraps, stacks, packs, assembles and/or labels materials per specific production instructions.

Maintains a clean and organized work area.

Performs any other functions and responsibilities as assigned.
Education and Experience:

High school diploma or general education degree (GED) preferred.

Prior experience in a manufacturing / industrial environment preferred.
Job Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:

Must be fluent in the English language, both written and spoken.

Must be able to use simple math, count and use basic hand-held measuring tools.
ACH Foam Technologies is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy and gender identity), sexual orientation, age, military service, status as an individual with a disability, or other legally protected characteristics. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.
ACH Foam Technologies is a drug-free work environment.


Go to apply 

