Job Title = Machine Operator

The New Era of American Manufacturing
First Quality was founded in 1989 and, in nearly threedecades, has grown to be a global privately held company with over 4,000 employees. Its corporate offices are located in Great Neck, New York, with manufacturing facilities and offices in Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Georgia, and Canada. First Quality is a diversified family of companies manufacturing consumer products ranging from Absorbent Hygiene (adult incontinence, feminine care, and baby care), Tissue (bath and towel), and Industrial (print and packaging materials), serving institutional and retail markets throughout the world. First Quality focuses on private label and branded product lines.
Our core business philosophy is built on a proud culture driven by safety and quality, respect, humility, integrity, customer focus, and teamwork. With leading edge manufacturing technologies and processes and visionary leadership, First Qualityis positioned to continue significant growth in the coming years. We are seeking experiencedMachine Operators. This position will be located in Lewistown, PA.

There are twoshift schedules offered at our Lewistown location:

A 12-hour shift position that will work a 9 week rotating shift - 6:30am-6:30pm for 9 weeks, and then6:30pm-6:30am for 9 weeks.

A 12-hour shift position that will work straight night shift - 7:00am-7:00pm and straight day shift - 7:00am-7:00pm.
Both schedules rotate the days they work. (Only scheduled to work 15 days a month!)
A typical two week schedule is shown below:
Week 1:
Sunday - off
Monday - work
Tuesday - work
Wednesday - off
Thursday - off
Friday - work
Saturday - work
Week 2:
Sunday - work
Monday - off
Tuesday - off
Wednesday - work
Thursday - work
Friday - off
Saturday - off

Primary responsibilities include:
Machine Operators are responsible for operating a machine in a safe, competent, efficient, and productive manner.

Follows necessary GMP, FDA, and ISO regulations/guidelines.

Observes all safety rules and uses the proper safety equipment at all times.

Maintains quality standards for the product.

Ensures proper raw material verification, handling, and usage.

Keeps the machine and the surrounding area clean.

Performs the duties of a Lead Operator when necessary.

Assists maintenance personnel as required.

Follow instructions of the Lead Operator.

Assists with the training of other employees.

Performs other duties as necessary when directed to do so.

Completes changeovers and some mechanical tasks.

Completes process clean-up as required or needed.

Uses MES, QW, eQCM, and other computer programs.

Functional capability to understand Vision, product details, waste reasons and reactions, resulting in ability to manage operation of line.
The ideal candidate should possess the following skills:

Ability to operate in a fast-paced environment.

Ability to communicate well.

Ability to work in a team orientated environment.

High school diploma or equivalent required.

One to two years of trade school or college preferred

Three years manufacturing experience preferred.

Prior computer experience preferred.

First Quality offers excellentbenefits including:

Medical, prescription, vision, and dental insurance that starts day 1!

Competitive hourly wage plus opportunities for training and advancement

Paid vacation

Year-end and Quarterly incentives

Tuition reimbursement

401k plus employer match

Full-service cafeteria

First Quality is committed to protecting information under the care of First Quality Enterprises commensurate with leading industry standards and applicable regulations. As such, First Quality provides at least annual training regarding data privacy and security to employees who, as a result of their role specifications, may come in to contact with sensitive data.

First Qualityis an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identification, or protected Veteran status.


Go to apply 

