Job Title = Machine Operator

A leader in technology and innovation, Southwire Company, LLC is one of North America s largest wire and cable producers. Southwire and its subsidiaries manufacture building wire and cable, metal-clad cable, portable and electronic cord products, OEM wire products and engineered products. In addition, Southwire supplies assembled products, contractor equipment and hand tools. We are proud to offer competitive compensation, employee benefits, tuition reimbursement, and unlimited growth opportunities. Our nearly seven decades of progressive growth can be attributed to our determination to developing innovative systems and solutions, exercising environmental stewardship and enhancing the wellbeing of our communities. How will you power what s possible?Job Description
Summary
An NMLT machine operator is responsible for operating two to three machines simultaneously over the course of a 12-hour shift. While the machines are running, the operator will oversee the process to ensure a quality product is being produced. Operators are also required to perform a variety of basic tasks as noted in the Job Description of this document. Additionally, the operator will be required to make minor adjustments to machines as needed.
Job Analysis
Load compound for extruders. Compound is loaded into each hopper by vacuum system. Operators are responsible for assuring the wands to load the compound are always in the material boxes. Frequency: An average shift will load 4-5 boxes.
Monitor extruders for proper settings. Monitoring extruders to assure that heats are set properly, speeds and ratios are correct. Operators are required to make minor adjustments during the shift to assure a quality product is being ran. Frequency: An average shift would check heats and settings approximately every 45 minutes per machine.
Perform Quality checks. Operators are required to perform quality checks at least once an hour. Quality checks include rigid thickness, flex thickness, OD/ID and coil weight. If product is out of tolerance operators will make adjustments to settings to bring the product back into spec. Frequency: An average shift has 12 checks.
Coil conduit into proper put ups. NMLT is sold in coils ranging from 25 -50 and reels 500 -1,000. Operators will coil then palletize the coils. (Lifting of up to 45lbs. required). Reels are loaded, unloaded and palletized by the operators.
Separate and regrind scrap non-conforming conduit. Operators are responsible to separate and regrind non-conforming NMLT. This involves cutting the conduit into shorter sections, classified as light physical demands.
Breakdown and cleaning of extruder heads: Breakdown of the head requires working around temperatures of 350 degrees. Remove tooling from head and clean. Cleaning using drill and brushes. Frequency: An average of once or twice a week.
Physical Demands
Lift/Carry: Heavy (Palletize 135 lb. spools of finished product)
Push/Pull: Heavy (In excess of 60 lbs. of force needed to maneuver reels)
Sitting: Infrequent (Only during rest breaks)
Standing/Walking: Constant (Approximately 10 hours per day)
Bending at Waist: Infrequent
Turn/Twist: Infrequent
Squat/Kneel: None
Crawl/Climb: None
Reaching: Frequent (Between waist and shoulder level)
Grasping: Moderate (Use of wire cutters)
Classification: Heavy (Coiling and stacking coils)
Southwire is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.


Go to apply 

