Job Title = Engineer

"
Job Title: Engineer V
Location: Brooklyn, OH
44144
Duration: 3 +Months Contract with FTE (Full Time)

Job Description:
Provide infrastructure
delivery functions for virtualized server environments with specific
focus on automation the of the server provisioning process using
common DevOps toolchain platforms.
Provide middleware delivery
functions with specific focus on the automation of middleware
provisioning for Data Analytic & RDBMS platforms using common
DevOps toolchain platforms.
Maintain a, ecosystem-wide view of
the infrastructure delivery organization and provide continuous
improvement services to Iaas / PaaS delivery models.
Provide
strong technical leadership and advocate toward continued progress of
a DevOps driven infrastructure-as-code delivery model
Provide
excellent customer service with best-in-class communication and leadership

Note: Seeking 2 resources, one at level VI and the other at V.

The VI resource would be expected to be a leader on the team
instantly, pulling people down our desired infrastructure automation
paths.
The V resource would be slightly less experienced but have
the core skillset to eventually become a VI with respect to authority
& leadership.

Skill/Experience/Education

Ability to think strategically and influence organizational
direction. Independent thinker and self-starter. Ability to generates
ideas. Strong innovation mind-set. General knowledge of foundational
tenants of infrastructure delivery. Desire to grow into abilities to
administer / manage all aspects of infrastructure delivery via
training & hands-on experience. Desire to adopt a full stack
skillset and demonstrate those skills technically &
organizationally via advocation. Strong datacenter architecture skills
specific to data / database architectures supporting high-availability
& disaster recovery. Theoretical understanding of both the
architecture and value of Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS),
Platform-as-a-service (PaaS) & infrastructure-as-code via use of
common DevOps toolchain platforms

SECONDARY SKILLS:
Administration of Windows /
Linux OS platforms
Experience with administration or development
within common relational RDBMS platforms: Oracle, SQL Server &
Postgres
Experience with administration or development within
common Data Analytics platforms with Hadoop foundations: Hadoop, IBM
Big Insights, IBM BigSQL, Python, R, Spark
Experience with
administration of common enterprise class storage solutions (SAN /
NAS)
Experience with administration or development within common
Data Analytics cloud platforms: Google Cloud Platform (GCP) or MS Azure

Ideal Candidate:

Deep skillset in at least ONE of the following with working
knowledge of the others:
Hypervisor administration:
VMWare
DevOps infrastructure delivery toolchain platforms:
Terraform, Ansible, Puppet, Bitbucket
Scripting: Python, Shell,
PowerShell
Knowledge of common data center architecture tenants
including on converged / hyper-converged architecture, hybrid cloud
and cloud models - provided by Dice

Full Time


Go to apply 

