Job Title = Technician

CANDIDATES THAT WORK FOR 90 DAYS WILL RECEIVE A $500 BONUS IN THE PAY PERIOD AFTER THE 90 WORK DAYS HAVE BEEN REACHED!
Hourly pay, plus production, commission and bonus eligible. Vacation time.
Summary: Responsible for performing assigned customer route schedules in an efficient manner by performing the listed duties.

Duties and Responsibilities include the following; other duties may be assigned:

Greets customers at their home/business in a professional manner and interview to assess their pest control needs.

Inspect residential and commercial property in basements, crawlspaces, attics, and perimeter of locations for all indications of pest activity.

Draw on graph paper the location that is being inspected, showing all water sources, electrical, air conditioning, vents, square footage, linear footage, and all areas indicating pest activity as well as any water problems or other information that may be significant to the customer or for the knowledge of the company.

Apply pesticides/insecticides in a matter consistent with the label and labeling provided, as instructed by supervisor while observing all safety precautions and using appropriate equipment and personal protective equipment.

Responsible for understanding and filling out all paperwork that is required to do each individual job.

Must be able to pass a drug screen, background check, and have a driver’s license.

Must be able to handle outside weather conditions.

Must be able to handle/lift/carry up to 45 pounds as necessary in the performance of pest control needs of customer.

Will at various times during employment trench, drill, use spraying equipment, dusters, spreaders, and other equipment on an as needed basis.

Performs other related duties as assigned.

Skills:

Interpersonal Skills
Oral Communication Skills
Written Communication Skills
Telephone Etiquette
Reading Skills
Customer Relations
Professionalism
Attention to Detail
Math Aptitude
Organization
Time Management

Education/Experience:
High School Diploma or Equivalent.


Go to apply 

