Job Title = ENGINEER

At Packaging Corporation of America (PCA), we think of ourselves as more than a box manufacturer. We are an ideas and solutions company. We seek to be the leader in helping our customers — large and small — package, transport and display products of all kinds. It just happens to be that corrugated products are our area of expertise.
At PCA, you’ll find the best people in the industry operating in a “golden rule” culture. We actively promote mutually rewarding relationships with each other and our customers by advocating respect for every individual, ethical and fair practices, and the highest standards in what we say and do. PCA is proud to have a highly skilled and experienced team leading the way.
As one of the largest producers of containerboard and corrugated packaging products in the U.S., PCA offers customers broad expertise and economies of scale, while our multiple plant locations let us rapidly meet the local needs of our customers.

Entry Level Electrical Maintenance Engineer

General Summary : This is an entry-level position for an Engineer to launch their professional career in the Pulp and Paper industry.

Basic Qualifications:

Must be currently attending Auburn University or the University of Maine.
Must receive Bachelor of Science Degree in Electrical Engineering in December 2019 or May 2020.
Experience using Microsoft Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Word, Auto
Cad and Project.

Preferred Qualifications:

Co-Op experience in a Pulp and Paper Mill.

Knowledge-Skills-Abilities

Must be able to work well under pressure and within time constraints, multi-task, and build sound relationships with both internal and external customers

Must exhibit excellent communication, analytical, organizational and computer skills

Must be capable of independently making sound decisions through creative problem-solving

Must be capable of working with ambiguity and change

Maintain complete, legible, and readily accessible documentation of work and learning progress.

Provide engineering services and perform other tasks and duties as
assigned.

Competitive pay and benefit package .

PCA is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Veterans/Disabled and all other protected categories.

All Qualified applicants must apply at

Other details

Pay Type Salary


Go to apply 

