Job Title = Supervisor-Fabrication Shop

Work Schedule:
1st Shift
Job Status: Full-time
Reports To: Plant Manager
Amount of Travel Required: 5%
Positions Supervised:
Welders, Sandblaster, Water Table Operator

POSITION SUMMARY

Ensures that all safety rules and procedures are followed. Responsible for supervising and coordinating department to meet or exceed customer expectations for quality and on-time delivery. Builds a skilled and engaged team through training, coaching, creating a positive work environment and serving as a role model in both technical skills and behavior. Works in conjunction with senior management to develop the business.

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS
Technical
Ensure a safe work environment, safe practices and compliance with safety rules
Develop and implement strategies that set the focus and control for the Fabrication Department
Plan and schedule workflow for the department
Maintain A to Z quality standards and systems
Apply 6S principles, keeping facility and work areas neat and organized
Lead continuous improvements and drive efficiencies
Understand business concepts and processes (quoting, purchasing, scheduling, billing and logistics)
Meet customer commitments for quality and on-time delivery
Responsible for shop budgets and sales goals
Work with the Fab Customer Manager to develop relationships with current customers as well as new customers.
Provide expertise in new equipment, techniques and processes
Leadership and Culture
Manage staffing needs and skills requirements
Train and certify welders according to internal and industry standards.
Develop all direct reports through regular communication, providing positive reinforcement and appropriate and constructive coaching.
Bring ideas, challenges and solutions to the forefront with Plant Manager.
Engage in problem solving and resolution.
Provide continuous feedback to team through one-on-one's and annual performance reviews.
Communicate and support company decisions and policies. Work with leadership and other supervisors to provide clarity and unity.
Foster an environment that values teamwork, personal growth and accountability.
Maintains a positive presence on the floor for team members to identify with.
Maintains open and informal lines of communication for employees to express concerns and ideas.
Leads in a professional manner with honesty, integrity, humility and service. Safety, Quality and 6S
Actively work with Team Members to ensure Safety policies and practices are understood, respected and followed. Works closely with Safety Manager to ensure department is consistently meeting all Safety regulations, rules and laws.
Develops and participates in building a culture of continuous improvement. Identify, develop and implement improvements in efficiency, cycle reduction and cost savings ideas in partnership with Plant Manager.
Ensure quality plans are created and implemented. Actively work with Team Members to ensure quality processes are followed and quality standards are met. Responsible for ensuring NCR's are initiated when quality issues arise.
Responsible for implementation and continued adherence to 6S policies and practices in area. Coaches team members as appropriate. POSITION QUALIFICATIONS
Education:
Associates degree or equivalent combination of technical training and work experience in Welding
CWI Certification preferred Knowledge, Skills & Experience:
Five or more years of relevant experience and progressive responsibilities
Two or more years of supervisory experience
Basic computer skills, ERP, Microsoft Suite (Outlook, Word, Excel, etc.)
Experience working in an ERP or operating manufacturing system
Excellent listening skills
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Ability to build strong, positive relationships both internally and externally
Strong problem-solving skills including using support, collaboration and inspirational skills to empower and build confidence in decision makers on the shop floor
Self-starter, self-sufficient and self-motivated Core Competencies:
Customer Focus Building strong customer relationships and delivering customer centered solutions.
Decision Quality Making good and timely decisions that keep the organization moving forward.
Action Oriented Taking on new opportunities and tough challenges with a sense of urgency, high energy and enthusiasm.
Plans and Aligns Planning and Prioritizing work to meet commitments aligned with the organizational goals.
Ensures Accountability Holding self and others accountable to meet commitments.
Develops Talent Developing people to both meet their career goals and the organization's goals.
Drives Engagement Creating a climate where people are motivated to do their best to help the organization achieve its objectives.
Instills Trust Gaining the confidence and trust of others through honesty, integrity and authenticity. 0

Permanent


Go to apply 

