
The Machine Operator will be based in Manchester, CT.
The Machine Operator will be responsible for performing a variety of duties in the set-up and operation of equipment as defined in the work instructions for each process to ensure production reaches volume, quality and cost goals.
We are looking for someone who demonstrates: Intense collaboration Passionate customer focus Thoughtful, fast, disciplined execution Tenacious commitment to continuous improvement Relentless drive to win Job Description Here is a glimpse of what you’ll do… Reviews production schedules, process procedures and specifications regarding the sequential start-up, operation and control of packaging equipment and operations.
Performs equipment set-up functions which include the loading of materials, raw cards, feeders, fixtures, stencils, etc.
Performs sequential start-up for the equipment and all peripheral work stations.
Monitors the operation of the equipment and peripheral work stations.
Initiates adjustments to ensure that the equipment and work stations operate within the established control limits.
Inspects quality levels of production on the equipment and peripheral work stations.
Makes adjustments to equipment or hardware when workmanship drops below quality specifications.
Initiate rework/repair activities on product that is substandard to the specifications.
Records data required for statistical process control or inventory management.
Performs sequential shutdown, including the cleaning of the equipment or peripheral work stations.
Identifies improvements in the areas of safety and process improvement.
Assists in the training of new operators.
Here is some of what you’ll need ... Completion of a high school degree or equivalent is preferred.
Typically requires 6-12 months of machine operator experience.
Ability to effectively communicate and interface with customers, management, peers, and direct reports.
Self-motivated individual works well both independently and in a cross-functional team setting.
Here are a few of our preferred experiences… Experience working in a FDA-regulated facility.
Experience with high-volume manufacturing of medical device, pharmaceutical, food, beverage, automotive, or electronics applications.
Hands-on individual with mechanical aptitude, problem solving and troubleshooting skills.
Knowledge of automated equipment systems and tools.
Here are a few examples of what you’ll get for the great work you provide… Full range of medical benefits, dental, vision Life Insurance Matching 401K PTO Tuition Reimbursement Employee discounts at local retailers Job CategoryOperations Flex does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies or fee based recruitment services.
Flex is an Equal Opportunity Employer and employment selection decisions are based on merit, qualifications, and abilities.
Flex does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on: age, race, religion, color, sex, national origin, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, disability, pregnancy status or any other status protected by law.
Flex provides reasonable accommodation so that qualified applicants with a disability may participate in the selection process.
Please advise us of any accommodations you request to express interest in a position by e-mailing: . Please state your request for assistance in your message.
Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a specific position within Flex will be reviewed at the e-mail address.
Flex will contact you if it is determined that your background is a match to the required skills required for this position.
Thank you for considering a career with Flex.
The information we collect: We may collect personal information that you choose to submit to us through the Website or otherwise provide to us.
This may include your contact details; information provided in online questionnaires, feedback forms, or applications for employment; and information you provide such as CV/Resume.
Your details will be provided to the entity you are applying for a job with.
We will use your information for legitimate business purposes such as responding to comments or queries or answering questions; progressing applications for employment; allowing you to choose to share web content with others or; where you represent one of our customers or suppliers, administering the business relationship with that customer or supplier.
We will process your data in accordance with our Recruitment Privacy Notice.
If you have any queries about the processing of your data, please contact: Global Data Privacy Officer: Email Address:


Go to apply 

