Job Title = Machine Operator

Job Summary
Under limited supervision, sets up and operates automatic or manual production machines and equipment according to blueprints and specifications.
Essential Functions
Reads and interprets blueprints, engineering specifications, and shop orders to determine machine setup, production methods, and sequence of operation.
Selects, positions, and secures dies, blades, cutters, and fixtures onto machine, using rule, square, shims, templates, hand tools, and built-in gauges.
Positions and clamps stops, guides, and turntables; adjusts controls to set and regulate machining factors, such as pressure, adjustment rolls, blade angle, and machine speed.
Locates and marks bending or cutting lines and reference points on work piece, using instruments, such as rule and compass, or by tracing from templates.
Positions work piece against stops and guides or aligns layout marks with dies or cutting blades.
Starts machine and observes machine operation to re position work piece, change dies, or adjust machine settings for multiple or successive passes; inspects or measures work, using rule, gauges, and templates.
Pushes buttons on control panel to start and activate automatic cycles of production machines.
Observes machine operations, material supplies, and position of work pieces to detect malfunctions, needed supplies, or misaligned parts.
Performs routine preventative maintenance on machines as scheduled and required for TPM.
Works individually and as a team to develop and implement quality and efficiency improvements.
Conducts tests and inspections of products, or processes to evaluate quality or performance; examines products or work to verify conformance to specifications.
Additional Responsibilities
May be required to cross train and demonstrate competency on all essential job functions of the department working at different work stations as production needs require.
Establishing and maintaining interpersonal relationships
Maintenance of a clean and orderly work area free of excess materials.
Support of and involvement in company, department, and/or safety policies, procedures, programs and activities. Required Skills Required Experience
Qualifications
High school diploma or general education degree (GED); with one to two years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience with production processes, machines and/or tools.
Ability to add, subtract, multiply, and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, proportions and decimals. Ability and understanding of various measuring devices in meeting drawing dimensions and specifications.
Ability to read and interpret documents such as blueprints, work orders, work instructions, diagrams, safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals. Good verbal and written communication skills are necessary.
Work requires continual attention to detail in follow through, establishing priorities, meeting deadlines.


Go to apply 

