Job Title = Director of Global Product Marketing

Description We are looking for a leader that can bring together all the moving pieces of product marketing outside of performance channels . The Director of Product Marketing will be experienced in managing marketing campaigns on traditional media, worked across a range of product marketing assets, and have developed a comprehensive product GTM market plan including research for new audience/tam.
It is important to recognize that marketing voice and visual cue is heavily founder inspired and you need to have experience managing that relationship.
The company is a challenging tightrope between many under developed areas of marketing and some exceptionally detailed thinking around.
Why We Need This Role This person will own product marketing across the company, delivering a consistent strategy across our business and a data driven way to drive omni channel customer acquisition.
This role owns all product related marketing including Media Buying & Strategy and.
Sector Specific Execution.
The role will work directly with the Growth Director to support the Growth Function and work closely with the Director of Global Marketing Brand & Experiences.
Why You Should Join This is a green-field role with lots of room to make your own from day one; hiring the team you want to put in place and executing a global marketing mission that is reverent and mindful.
First Six Month Deliverables * Develop an Omni Channel Strategy for Key Accounts * Work with Growth teams to create a programmatic marketing machine * Develop key vertical strategies for customer adoption (sector specific) * Build a Communication and Content Strategy * Build a Gorilla physical marketing strategy * Build a kickass marketing team Requirements * Passionate about loosely held values and ideas.
We want someone who has experience but is not blinded by the path already taken.
* Expertise in the art of highly memorable branding, communications strategies, and product marketing * Deep experience creating exceptional user experience and user interfaces * Creative aptitude to deliver beautiful visual experiences * Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to lead, coach, and recruit for a strong design team to support companywide initiatives * Use a data driven approach to develop qualitative and quantitative content performance goals, measure campaign performance, SEO, and provide key insights for web and social content * Visionary of creative, scalable content strategies thoughtfully crafted for blogs, public relations, marketing, digital, and social media Benefits * Health and Wellness benefits including competitive medical, dental, and vision plans * Performance-based bonuses and stock options * Generous vacation and time off benefits including paid holidays * Generally flexible working hours * A collaborative culture where unconventional thinkers come together to solve interesting problems and having fun while doing it * Mission-driven company that is making the world a better place


Go to apply 

