Job Title = Molding Or Plastic Or Operator jobs in Raleigh, NC, 27606

LCI  – 
Durham, NC
LC Industries, a multi-site manufacturing, distribution, retail and E-Commerce company is seeking a Machine Operator to join our team. Description: Tend to packaging machine. Free machine of any objects that interrupt its operation. Prepare ...
- ZipRecruiter, Sep 20

Diedre Moire Corp.  – 
Chapel Hill, NC, 27516
... CONSIDERED EXPERIENCE INCLUDES: Extrusion Technician Mechanic Extruder Operator Blown Film Cast Film Set Up Mechanic Process Technician #DiedreMoire #FilmExtrustion #ExtruderOperator #JobSearch #JobHunt #JobOpening #Hiring #Job #Jobs #Careers  ...
- Jobvertise, Sep 26

The University of North Carolina  – 
Chapel Hill, NC, 27516
The Department of Surgery at The University of North Carolina is seeking applications for a full- time academic plastic surgeon with specialization in hand and nerve surgery to join our Division of Plastic Surgery. The Division of Plastic Surgery is ...
- Jobs2Careers, Oct 05

Accentuate Staffing  – 
Raleigh, NC
Responsibilities: Welder/Fabricator will weld and fabricate parts Welder/Fabricator will accurately measure parts to be welded Candidates will use hand and power tools, shop tools Requirements: Candidates must be mechanically inclined Candidates...
- Neuvoo, Oct 08

Duke University  – 
Durham, NC, 27701
School of Medicine: Established in 1930, Duke University School of Medicine is the youngest of the nation's top medical schools. Ranked tenth among its peers, the School takes pride in being an inclusive community of outstanding learners...
- Jobs2Careers, Oct 05

Nuance  – 
Durham, NC
Nuance Communications, Inc. is the pioneer and leader in conversational AI innovations that bring intelligence to everyday work and life. The company delivers solutions that understand, analyze and respond to human language, amplifying human...
- DE Jobs, Sep 13

Nuance Communications, Inc  – 
Durham, NC, 27701
Job Summary: Summary: ACI/iScribes, a Nuance business, is a technology-enabled service which provides physicians with an effortless clinical documentation solution, freeing them to spend more time with patients and less time with computers. Our...
- Jobg8, Oct 08

Syracuse Plastics of North Carolina; A Plastic Components Inc. Company  – 
Cary, NC
Purpose:Under the direction of the Shift Supervisor and Process Technician, the Set-Up Technician is responsible for installing and removing molds and organizing area to meet schedule requirements. Minimize operational "down time" with proper...
- ZipRecruiter, Sep 17

Duke University Health System  – 
Durham, NC
... Preferred Qualifications: 6 months Plastics Operating Room Experience Duke’s plastic and reconstructive surgery teams use the most advanced techniques to reconstruct and repair every part of the body. As a Level 1 trauma center, we routinely ...
- Neuvoo, Oct 08

MDN Cabinets Inc.  – 
Raleigh, NC
Full time manufacturing equipment operator for our plastic laminate casework division. The candidate will be cross trained on new state of the art manufacturing equipment including a beam saw, edgebander, vertical CNC machining station, horizontal ...
- ZipRecruiter, Sep 22
