Job Title = Machine Operator

Machine Operatorposted:Friday, October 04, 2019

Location

Kearneysville, West Virginia

Industry

Warehousing & Distribution (Transportation and Material Moving Occupations)

Job Type

Temp to Perm

Working Hours

6:00 AM - 7:00 PM

Salary

US$ 14.00 - US$ 16.00 per hour

Ref. Number

S_49300

Contact

Burdette,Morgan, Spherion

Phone

**Job Description**

The Junior Machine operator has to have a knowledge of machines in a manufacturing setting , has to work as a team within a clean and safe environment pays attention to detail and is committed to workplace safety.

Able to stand on a shift of 12 hours

Carry out production, quality inspection, packaging and machine operation duties

Set up machinery and ensure all materials are readily available

Effectively monitor production equipment , report to Senior Machine operator any malfunction or quality issue

Perform appropriate duties as assigned by management

Maintain a safe and clean work space

Follow established safety rules and regulation

This position requires a broad range of crossover duties including production organization, packaging of finish product with the use of wrapping machine, the use of strapping tool, pallets movement products, organization of the production, feeding with raw materials the production lines, full coordination of team members on the production line.

The start-up nature of the facility also requires that this position be available for flexible hours to assist in operation and planning activities.

Assist the Senior Machine Operator in operational objectives by contributing to strategic planning and review processes, implementing action plans

Assist in maintenance of equipment , excluding machinery repair, use of wrapping machine coordination with production needs.

Coordinates with team members during project implementation to organize production and by updating and modifying requirements on production processes.

Maintains a safe and healthy work environment by establishing, following, and enforcing standards and procedures pursuant to relevant codes and legal requirements.

Other duties as assigned by management, which may include a broad range of crossover functions , maintenance is also required.

Responsibilities:

must be flexible

Computer experience is important

must be willing to multitask and help out and cross train for other duties

Working hours: 6:00 AM - 7:00 PM

Skills:

Computer experience is important

must be willing to multitask and help out and cross train for other duties

Education:

No Degree Required

Experience:

0-1 years

Qualifications:

Will discuss during interview

Call us to schedule a in house interview today

Spherion has helped thousands of people just like you find work happiness! Our experienced staff will listen carefully to your employment needs and then work diligently to match your skills and qualifications to the right job and company. Whether you're looking for temporary, temp-to-perm or direct hire opportunities, no one works harder for you than Spherion. EEO Employer: Race, Religion, Color, National Origin, Citizenship, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, Age, Disability, Ancestry, Veteran Status, Genetic Information, Service in the Uniformed Services or any other classification protected by law.


Go to apply 

