Job Title = Construction Inspector

Stark County Sanitary Engineering Department

Vacancy Announcement

Job Title:Construction Inspector

Salary:$20.90 per hour (after probation period)

Duties:Under the direction of Construction Inspection Supervisor, inspects the construction of laterals, main lines, force mains, and lift stations and sewage treatment plants.

Qualifications:(Any combination of training and work experience which indicates possession of the skills, knowledge, and abilities required. Examples of acceptable qualifications for this classification follow.)

Completion of high school or GED plus five years experience in surveying, sewer, and water line construction and inspection or other related areas, or equivalent.

Must take and pass the Construction Inspector qualification examination.

A minimum of 70% correct answers is required to pass.

Possession of a valid Ohio motor vehicle operator's license.

Knowledge, Skills, and AbilitiesNecessary to Perform Duties:

Inspects construction of laterals, main lines (public and private), force mains, lift stations, and sewage treatment plants.

Inspects or examines all materials utilized to ensure proper quality and compliance with established specifications.

Utilizes a hand tape measure to determine distance, level or transit to check grades and elevations.

Discusses work-related problems with associates, supervisors, engineers, contractors, and homeowners; provides instruction for other Construction Inspectors as necessary.

Prepares and submits inspection reports, records types of materials used and locations of connections, measures and records locations of wyes and laterals to ensure proper location in regard to property lines, observes high-pressure air tests and deflection tests performed by contract or and provides follow-up reports.

Inspects sanitary sewerage and water facilities and conducts smoke and other related tests to aid in the determination of excessive infiltration and inflow; prepares and submits reports in conjunction with infiltration and inflow inspections.

Assists maintenance division personnel with a performance of duties as requested, e.g., functions as a general laborer or helper for the treatment plant and equipment operators.

Performs other related duties as required.

An Equal Opportunity Employer.


Go to apply 

