Job Title = Production Worker Night Shift

Position Summary: Responsible for dispensing, labeling, packaging and/or assembly of all product lines according to established regulations (QSR), current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP), and Company policies and procedures.
Key Responsibilities: Arrive to work on time and work during scheduled hours, working additional overtime as needed.
Follow all written procedures.
Report discrepancies in procedures (SOPs, DHRs etc.) to the Area Supervisor.
Comply with each assignments unique and individual job duties.
Maintain good personal hygiene.
Wear designated uniform maintained in good condition.
Wear required personal protective equipment as required in each designated department.
Refer to job specific Job Safety Analysis.
Perform all work activities in a safe manner.
Maintain a safe and clutter free work area.
Clean up all spills immediately.
Maintain 5S in work areas.
Report property damage and/or safety hazards to the Supervisor, Human Resources, Safety Specialist or Senior Management immediately.
Check own work performance to set standard as described in Standard Operating Procedures for quality and compliance.
Investigate and remedy production failures.
Weigh and measure items accurately and check pH balance on all media Communicate with co-workers in order to solve immediate production problems or complete production assignments Read schedule and maintain necessary supply of materials in designated areas.
Set up machine to run a variety of sizes and types using tools to adjust machine.
Pack and arrange products onto pallets or into varied package sizes.
Unload plates from cardboard boxes and load bags of plates onto cart/wheelie.
Disinfect bags of plates.
Break down cardboard boxes and consolidate onto a pallet or discard into the trash.
Non-Negotiable Hiring Criteria Must have a high school degree or equivalent from an accredited institution.
Must be able to communicate, both written and verbally, using the English language.
Must be able to comprehend and follow both written and/or verbal English communications.
Ability to see in color Push or pull products on a cart, weight of up to 250 pounds Push pallet jack with weight up to 1200 pounds Lift up to 50 pounds.
Push/pull up to 600 lbs wheeled kettles.
Stand for sustained periods of time, approximately 10 hours a day.
Reach up to 81 inches and bend down to pallet/wheelie when transferring boxed plates from storage to floor to unload plates from cardboard box.
Must have acceptable attendance.
No higher than a documented counseling.
Must demonstrate 4-I Values (Intensity, Innovation, Involvement, and Integrity).


Go to apply 

