Job Title = Machine Operator

About the Company: Spark is a Michigan-headquartered recruiting and staffing company that connects great talent with great employers. We understand that finding a new position can be stressful and identifying top talent can be challenging. For us to maximize successful placement and retention, we start by listening to and understanding each of our clients. We believe in face to face interaction and having a solid understanding of our clients business before placement. We pride ourselves in team development as it matches our purpose as an organization to continually create career opportunities. Position Responsibilities:
This person is responsible for running an injection mold press to produce automotive and medical device components.
To ensure quality product is shipped to the customer using established operator instructions and quality criteria and data is accurately recorded on the appropriate forms.
Determine conformance of product to standard criteria.
To suggest a product be placed on hold by an inspector when it is suspected of a non-conformance.
To operate injection molding machines and or assembly equipment according to standards required on operator instructions, quality criteria and safety guidelines.
Ensure proper part quantity is shipped to the customer.
Properly fill out ship tickets and attach to box
Ability to recognize the difference between a quality and non-conforming product utilizing a quality criteria board.
Keep work areas clean and organized at all times.
Remove parts from the mold if a press is running semi-automatic.
Must keep up with the pace of the machine cycle, and are running to standards.
Follow rotation schedule and teamwork programs set-up by supervisor.
To collect any non-conforming parts that are not identified on sample board so the criteria board can be updated.
Any defects or machine alarms that are being produced must be reported to your supervisor immediately.
Weigh up finished bulk packed boxes to verify proper part count.
Fill out and verify the proper label for the product before placing it on the upper right hand side of the carton.
To assure all information, supplies, and equipment need are at the work station and are being used properly.
To help in maintaining the shops safety, organization, and housekeeping, including the packaging area, at all times.
Follow and abide by all company rules and policies.
Initiate action to prevent the occurrence of any non-conformities relating to product, process and quality system through the appropriate channels.
Perform other duties as instructed by supervisor, or as may be necessary to maintain efficient operations Minimum Requirements:
1 year of manufacturing experience preferred
Background in plastics preferred
Strong work ethic
Positive attitude What We Offer:
Competitive pay
Medical, dental and vision benefits
Vacation


Go to apply 

