Job Title = Welding Or Crane Or Wire jobs in Raleigh, NC, 27606

Reading Crane & Engineering  – 
Raleigh, NC
...  electrical, welding, on site fabrication and assembly as well as any other specific task as directed by Field Superintendent and or Foreman Perform all work to meet company safety and quality standards Troubleshoot customer crane problems and ...
- ZipRecruiter, Sep 29

Aerotek  – 
Durham, NC, 27703
Job Summary Welding Technician- (2nd shift and 3rd shift) Pay $18/hour -Must have 1 years experience MIG welding on thick carbon steel -Must be able to lift 50 lbs -Must have 1 years experience reading and interpreting blueprints -Must be able to ...
- Jobs2Careers, Oct 05

T3 recruiters,Inc  – 
Raleigh, NC
... for a Crane Technician in the Raleigh area. Must have general knowledge of crane fundamentals and operations is a must. This includes GMK, Grove, Manitiwoc Linkbelt, Liehberr, hydraulic truck and rough terrain cranes. Able to perform basic welding ...
- Exelare, Sep 13

Richards Welding  – 
Wendell, NC, 27591
We are hiring steel fabricators and welders. Must have experience. Must have a valid driver's license. Strong work ethic. Willingness to learn.
- ZipRecruiter, Oct 03

American Welding & Gas Inc.  – 
Raleigh, NC, 27611
American Welding and Gas is currently seeking an experienced Collections Specialist in our Raleigh, NC office! We offer an excellent benefit package that includes Medical, Dental, Vision, Company paid Life Insurance, Short-term & Long-term ...
- StartwireL2, Oct 06

American Welding & Gas Inc.  – 
Raleigh, NC
American Welding and Gas is currently seekingan experienced Collections Specialist in ourRaleigh, NCoffice! We offer an excellent benefit package that includes Medical, Dental, Vision, Company paid Life Insurance, Short-term & Long-term Disability, ...
- Neuvoo, Oct 04

American Welding & Gas Inc.  – 
Raleigh, NC
American Welding & Gas is an industry leader in the manufacturing and distribution of industrial, medical, specialty and beverage gases and associated welding and safety supplies. Headquartered in Raleigh, NC, AWG operates 76 retail locations and 16 ...
- ZipRecruiter, Sep 16

Citizens Bank  – 
Raleigh, NC, 27601
Position Description: * Effectively process customer and internal department wire transfer transactions for all companies of First Citizens Bancshares, using the automated wire transfer system. * Work in a high pace/high risk team environment to ...
- Jobs2Careers, Oct 09

Froehling & Robertson  – 
Raleigh, NC, 27601
... (F&R) is currently looking for ICC Welding and/or Bolting Inspectors. What youll be doing Including, but not limited to: Performing structural steel inspections on commercial and industrial buildings, bridges, or other steel structures. Interprets ...
- Lensa, Oct 08

Engineering Consulting Services, Ltd.  – 
Raleigh, NC, 27611
What You'll Do As a Certified Welding Inspector (CWI), you understand the true meaning of hard work. You are smart, strong, and willing to get dirty. You have a "roll up your sleeves" attitude and enjoy work that is more hands-on. Both your internal ...
- StartwireL2, Sep 28
