
About Spark Talent Acquisition: Spark Talent Acquisition is a Michigan-headquartered recruiting and staffing company that connects great talent with great employers. We understand that finding a new position can be stressful and identifying top talent can be challenging. For us to maximize successful placement and retention, we start by listening to and understanding each of our clients. We believe in face to face interaction and having a solid understanding of our clients business before placement. We pride ourselves in team development as it matches our purpose as an organization to continually create career opportunities. Position Summary: The Machine Operator operates, sets and maintains industrial manufacturing equipment used for the process of manufacturing metal products to meet customer specification while monitoring quality, processing paperwork, and maintaining the work area. Meets fast-paced production requirements. This is a full-time opportunity on 3rd shift. 11pm - 7am. Position Responsibilities:
Operates and tends machines to cut, shape, weld, and bend metal material.
Observes machine operation to detect machine malfunction.
Positions, adjusts, and secures work piece against stops, on arbor, or in chuck, fixture, or automatic feeding mechanism manually or using hoist.
Aligns layout marks with die or blade.
Extracts or lifts jammed pieces from machine, using fingers, wire hooks, or lift bar.
Sets machine stops or guides to specified length as indicated by scale, rule, or template.
Performs material changes, tool changes, tool set up, additional maintenance after being trained and approved.
Performs minor machine maintenance, such as oiling or cleaning machines, dies, or work pieces, or adding coolant to machine reservoir.
Reads job specifications to determine machine adjustments and material requirements.
Continuously inspects work piece for defects and measure work piece, using rule, template, gage, caliper, micrometer or other measuring instruments, to determine accuracy of machine operation.
Assure product meets established quality criteria of zero non-conformances.
Reviews and works according to most recent Quality Alerts, Job Instructions, Verification Instructions, Boundary Samples, Cleaning Plans and other instructional materials.
Removes burrs, sharp edges, rust, or scale from work piece, using file, hand grinder, wire brush, or power tools.
Completes daily reporting paperwork accurately and efficiently.
Maintains housekeeping of machine and work cell
Communicate with other operators, maintenance, team leader and supervisor to maintain productivity.
Maintain company safety standards by working safely.
Adherence to all company policies and procedures. Minimum Requirements:
High School Diploma or equivalent is highly desirable.
Physically able to lift, bend, stoop, climb and reach.
Strong work ethic
Positive attitude What This Company Offers:
Medical, dental and vision benefits
Paid time off/vacation
Paid holidays
401k


Go to apply 

