Job Title = Technician

You're serious about your career, and rest assured you've come to the right place. At BMW of Fort Myers, a Sonic Automotive family dealership, you'll find the opportunities, resources, and support you need to grow and develop professionally. Our 100 dealerships are concerned with more than moving inventory; they're committed to your success and invested in your future. So read on, and consider a rewarding career with Sonic Automotive, Inc.

Purpose:
The Service Technician is responsible for performing vehicle repair and maintenance work as assigned in accordance with dealer and factory standards. S/he also will oversee the work of any apprentice technician assigned to him/her.
Duties and Responsibilities:
Receive repair orders from dispatcher and take to stall area.
Perform work as outlined on repair order with efficiency and accuracy, in accordance with dealership and factory standards.
Diagnose cause of any malfunction and perform repair.
Communicate with parts department to obtain needed parts.
Save and tag parts if the job is under warranty or if requested by the customer.
Examine the vehicle to determine if additional safety or service work is required.
Notify service advisor immediately if additional work outlined is not needed or required.
Notify service advisor immediately if repairs cannot be completed within the time promised.
Document work performed.
Road-test vehicles when required or refer to the test technician, keeping in mind that the customer vehicle should not be used for personal errands.
Supervise work of any apprentice technicians as assigned.
Attend factory-sponsored training classes.
Keep abreast of factory technical bulletins.
Ensure that customers cars are kept clean.
Keep shop area neat, clean, and be able to account for all dealership-owned tools at all times.
Understand and follow federal, state and local regulations, such as those governing the disposal of hazardous wastes.
Must follow all company safety policies and procedures, and immediately report any and all accidents to a manager or supervisor.
Qualifications:
High CSI is a must.
ASE or manufacturing training.
High school diploma or the equivalent.
Valid drivers license and a good driving record.
Manual dexterity.
Good Judgment.
All applicants must be authorized to work in the USA.
All applicants must perform duties and responsibilities in a safe manner.
All applicants must be able to demonstrate ability to pass pre-employment testing to include background checks, MVR, drug test, and valid driver license.

It's time to make the most important move of your career . From our cooperative, team-based approach, to our more than 1,000 internal advancements each year, it's easy to see the difference. When you join our organization, you'll enjoy comprehensive training, competitive compensation, and unparalleled benefits. Simply put, you'll experience the best that a career in the automotive industry has to offer.


Go to apply 

