Job Title = Technician

GST Michigan Works! is one of sixteen (16) Michigan Works! agencies across the State of Michigan operating workforce development programs designed to assist employers in finding skilled workers and job seekers prepare for, find and retain employment.GST Michigan Works! is governed by a Board of Commissioners representing Genesee, Huron, Lapeer, Sanilac, Shiawassee and Tuscola counties. In addition to the governing Board, a separate region-wide Workforce Development Board (WDB) made up of 21 members, leads the vision and planning decisions of the organization. GST Michigan Works! has a region-wide team of employer focused Business Solutions Professionals available in all six counties to serve the needs of business. Additionally, GST offers a variety of employment services facilitated by an experienced staff of Career Counselors, Employment Specialists, and a diverse network of partners offering a host of Education, Training and Development resources

Job Description
General Purpose
Technician will be primarily involved with the installation of various Vets Access and third party products at customer sites. In addition, this individual will be called upon to perform service and repair functions for those various products after the sale and installation. Occasionally, based on available service and installation workload, the technician may perform other duties as assigned in other areas of the business such as evaluation, installation, and distribution. This position requires weekly travel across the United States.
Main Job Tasks and Responsibilities
Installation of ceiling track lift systems, aluminum ramps and patient hygiene systems according to company standards and methods.
Perform service repairs and scheduled maintenance procedure on equipment which may be electronic, mechanical and plumbing in nature.
Must have the ability to interact directly with owners and staff at hospitals, nursing homes, private residences, group homes, etc. while performing the above functions.
Assist with technical support requests made to Vets Access by the customers.
Train the end users of the equipment on the operational aspects of the equipment sold and installed.
Keep accurate project records for expenses, man hours worked, various required testing, training etc.
Maintain the company service and installation vehicle in good operating condition and cleanliness.
Maintain the van inventory in an orderly fashion, at proper levels and account for all items used in the performance of service and installation functions.
Additional responsibilities as requested or required.
Additional Requirements
Education and Experience
Must have basic/better understanding of building construction, mechanical, electrical and plumbing methods.
Three (3) year of experience in one or more of the above trades required.
Must have a verified clean driving record.
Must be able to lift up to 50 lbs.
Must be computer literate.
Must be able to pass a drug test
Able to maintain confidentiality
Key competencies
Critical thinking and problem solving skills
Planning and organizing
Communication skills
Team work
Conflict resolution
Adaptability
Stress tolerance
Must be able to pass an FBI background check.
Please email resume to
Please type Vet Access Technician in the subject line of your email.


Go to apply 

