
Chemtrusion, Inc. is hiring Production Operators.

Location:?Jeffersonville, IN
Job Purpose:
Produce plastic compounds by configuring and operating production and blending equipment according to prescribed methods and criteria, providing oversight of others supporting plant operations, preparing blends, performing material handling tasks, performing line change over between grades, and assisting other production personnel to maintain plant housekeeping.
Essential Functions and Requirements:
Production tasks include but are not limited to: cleaning, inspecting, configuring, and operating production equipment according to documented procedures and other instructions provided by management
Performing equipment adjustments and minor repairs as needed with limited supervision to ensure compliance with all safety, environmental, product quality, and plant performance criteria.
Properly documenting operational activity according to established procedures and other instructions provided by management.
Communicating any operational defects and/or equipment repairs necessary to maintain safe, reliable, and efficient operations; assisting management personnel with problem resolution and documenting any resulting actions
Additional Responsibilities:
Maintain awareness of and perform tasks in compliance with all internal policies, procedures and practices, as described in the Employee Handbook, all Safety Manuals, all Quality System Procedures, and other instructions provided by management, as well as applicable OSHA regulations.
Identify, troubleshoot and report the following to management: equipment defects or malfunctions; out of spec material or contamination; safety issues or incidents.
Initiating actions up to and including equipment shutdown, to mitigate a safety, environmental, and/or product quality incident.
Effective verbal communication with co-workers and management is required. Certain reports and other communication will be required in writing.
Pre-Qualifications:
High School diploma or GED equivalent;
Produce acceptable scores on the following ACT Work Keys tests: Applied Mathematics, Graphic Literacy and Workplace Documents.
Preferred candidates should have prior work history in a manufacturing environment and have strong mechanical aptitude.
Salary:
Starting pay is $17.25.
After 6 months the employee will also receive a 50 cent per hour increase.
Job offer will be conditional upon satisfactory background check, drug test and employment entrance exam (medical exam).?

Chemtrusion, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer and considers all applicants regardless of disabilities.The Courier Journal. Category:, Keywords: General Machine Operator


Go to apply 

