
Are you looking for a rewarding job with a reputable logistics company? I am staffing for several warehouse positions in the Woodland area. I currently have full time positions available for 3 different shifts.
6:00 am-2:30 pm
2:30 pm-11:00 pm
10:00 pm-6:30 am
We offer online schedules, healthcare benefits and attendance and performance recognition! If you are a hard worker with great attendance and punctuality please apply, we would love to add some team players to our crew!
Pay is $14.00-$15.00 per hour depending on your experience and the shift time you will be working.

Responsibilities:
Responsibilities include reviewing production list for daily needs, working on the assembly line to build desired product, lifting and stacking products and weighing as necessary. Once the product is made and weighed it will be palletized and wrapped. You will be standing for the duration of the shift and moving items up to 50 pounds as well as ensuring the production line is properly stocked to fill all of the orders.

Skills:
To be a successful part of the team you must possess the ability to read, write and count accurately, maintain a clean and safe work area, and help others as needed.

Qualifications:
Because of the physical nature of the job you must be able to lift up to 50 pounds regularly throughout your shift and have recent experience doing so, have regular and predictable attendance, and pass a background check and drug screening.

Please apply through the job posting and include your most recent resume to be considered.

Randstad is a world leader in matching great people with great companies. Our experienced agents will listen carefully to your employment needs and then work diligently to match your skills and qualifications to the right job and company. Whether you're looking for temporary, temporary-to-permanent or permanent opportunities, no one works harder for you than Randstad. EEO Employer: Race, Religion, Color, National Origin, Citizenship, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, Age, Disability, Ancestry, Veteran Status, Genetic Information, Service in the Uniformed Services or any other classification protected by law. San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance: Qualified applicants in San Francisco with criminal histories will be considered for employment in accordance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.

skills
To be a successful part of the team you must possess the ability to read, write and count accurately, maintain a clean and safe work area, and help others as needed.

qualification
Because of the physical nature of the job you must be able to lift up to 50 pounds regularly throughout your shift and have recent experience doing so, have regular and predictable attendance, and pass a background check and drug screening.

responsibilities
Responsibilities include reviewing production list for daily needs, working on the assembly line to build desired product, lifting and stacking products and weighing as necessary. Once the product is made and weighed it will be palletized and wrapped. You will be standing for the duration of the shift and moving items up to 50 pounds as well as ensuring the production line is properly stocked to fill all of the orders.

educational requirements
High School


Go to apply 

