
Description
\">
SUMMARY: The Machine Operator operates a variety of heavy equipment in manufacturing environment under direction of Plant Manager and or Production Supervisors.
PRIMARY FUNCTIONS:
Detects and reports defective materials or questionable conditions.
Maintains the work area in a neat and orderly condition.
Follows prescribed safety regulations such as Lock out/Tag out procedures as directed by Plant Manager or Safety Director.
Utilizes Personal Protective Equipment as required by law and/or company policy.
Performs prescribed preventive maintenance procedures on equipment as dictated by policy or as directed by Plant Manager.
Sets machine up for running of jobs.
Other duties as assigned Qualifications
High school diploma or equivalent.
Minimum 1 year factory/manufacturing experience.
Good communication skills ? written and verbal.
Attention to detail.
Must be able to read and follow blueprints/directions as needed.
Ability to plan and organize; good time management skills.
Ability to retain information (e.g., policies, procedures) or find it as needed.
Problem solving ability.
Ability to operate under pressure of deadlines.
Cooperative, team oriented, patient, calm under pressure, and able to work independently.
Ability to function in fast-paced environment.
ESSENTIAL PHYSICAL FUNCTIONS
These physical demands are representative of the physical requirements necessary for an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of the job. Reasonable accommodation can be made to enable people with disabilities to perform the described essential functions.
The employee is often required to sit for extended periods of time. The employee is occasionally required to stand, walk, reach with arms and hands, climb or balance, and to stoop, kneel, crouch or crawl. Vision abilities required by this job include close vision. Employee may be required to lift 10-50 lbs.
WORK ENVIRONMENT
The employee will generally be housed in a shop environment with possible exposure to extreme hot and cold temperatures. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate to loud. Personal Protective Equipment is provided and required.
Note: Nothing in this job description restricts management?s right to assign or reassign responsibilities to this job at any time.


Go to apply 

