Job Title = Technician

Production is running on six day /week currently. Monday to Saturday

1st- 6:30 am - 3:00 pm
2nd - 3:00pm to 11pm for 1 technician

Pay from $20-$21/hour
4-6 month assignment- may turn perm

1 - Plant Maintenance Electrician experience (work on 50 volts or less)
1 - Repair of Injection Molding Machine Experience
2 - Maintenance Repair Tech (1 will be 2nd shift .50 shift diff)

JOB DESCRIPTION:
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to the following:
Work extensively on maintaining rotary injection molding machines and associated equipment; make multiple mold changes, repair molds, etc.
Generates and completes repair and maintenance tickets as assigned and ensures that the maintenance log on individual equipment is kept up to date and accurate
Possess trouble shooting skills in standard equipment.
Troubleshoots equipment problems and perform immediate repairs and preventative maintenance on equipment.
Read and interpret equipment manuals and work orders to perform required maintenance and service
Diagnose problems, replace or repair parts, test and make adjustments
Perform regular preventative maintenance on machines, equipment and plant facilities
Use a variety of hand held tools, meters and material handling equipment in performing duties
Comply with safety regulations and maintain clean and orderly work areas
Perform all other duties as assigned or needed.
Ensures that his/her work habits adhere to the Health, Safety and Environmental policies and practices of the department and the Facility.
Successful candidate is reliable, an independent learner and a self-starter, able to trouble shoot and do PM work, can follow trouble-shooting procedures, analytical, knows LOTO procedures, safety-minded, good people skills when dealing with machine operators of all levels of experience to determine the running status of the equipment or maintenance requirements ability to work as a team

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
3 years of maintenance experience with manufacturing or other heavy equipment, with a fundamental understanding of mechanical and electrical principles or equivalent technical degree.
3 Years of working experience with hand power tools.

Additional Qualifications:
Experience with injection molding processes or equipment
Ability to read wiring diagrams and troubleshoot electrical systems
Ability to analyze and troubleshoot hydraulic and pneumatic circuits
Experience or demonstrated understanding of robotics programing, calibration and operation
Experience in the assembly and dismantling of Production/Prototype machinery
Ability to obtain a site license to operate fork lifts.
Experience with welding (TIG and/or stick)

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS:
Ability to lift 50 pounds without difficulty
Frequent bending, reaching, stooping, constant walking, standing, and pulling and good vision

PERSONAL PROTECTIVE EQUIPMENT:
Eye Protection Glasses with Side Shields
Face Shield/Splash Goggles specific to the job.
Gloves specific to the job required.
Steel Toe Shoes with metatarsals protection to be worn at all times


Go to apply 

