Job Title = Machine Operator

The Rchling Group has been shaping industry worldwide for nearly 200 years.
We transform the lives of people every day with our customized plastics: they reduce the weight of cars, make medication packaging more secure and improve industrial applications.
Our workforce of more than 11,000 people is spread across 25 different countries.
The Group's three divisions generated joint annual sales of 2.42 billion dollars in 2018.
SUMMARY: Perform required duties to support the molding of, as well as to mold a variety of flat and contoured parts.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES: Responsible for the operation of automated, semi-automated and manual equipment, the computer and duties related to the operations of automated presses.
Operate hot presses where set-ups are made by others, and comply with prescribed molding cycles and procedures.
Perform all related duties including but not limited to: packing and stacking fiber sheets and parts; weighing molding material; applying resins; cleaning molds; loading and unloading press; trimming, dressing, and cleaning; disposing of parts.
ADDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES: Work involves visual check for quality, use of sonic test meter, micrometer, other gauge equipment, scale rules, hoists, riding and non-riding lifts, mixing equipment, and hand and power tools as directed through general procedures, specific instruction, and/or shop orders Following established practice, mark and identify faulty parts or areas Detect and report defective materials or improper operation and refer questionable matters to proper supervision Computers and computer operated controls will also be used to monitor the process Responsibilities also include the completing of charts, inventory sheets and other paperwork to track the process Keep work area in a clean and orderly condition Perform a variety of material handling and housekeeping duties including locating, moving and positioning of supplies, materials and parts to assist in and expedite departmental operations following general instructions and/or procedures.
Follow prescribed safety regulations Any activity required to maintain ISO certification Perform other duties as required or prescribed not listed on the job description.
COMPETENCIES: Team Oriented Time Management Self-Motivated PHYSICAL DEMANDS: The physical demands described herein are representative of the essential requirements to perform this job successfully.
Must be able to occasionally sit, stoop, kneel, crouch and stand for long periods of time.
The employee frequently lifts or moves 10 pound objects and occasionally lifts 30 pound objects.
OTHER DUTIES: Please note this job description is not meant to be an all-encompassing listing of the activities, duties, functions or responsibilities required of the employee for this job.
The duties, functions, responsibilities of this job may change at any time and without notice.
BENEFITS: We offer a competitive wages and an excellent benefits package.


Go to apply 

