
WHO ARE WE: We are an entrepreneurial organization that has grown incrementally over the past 5 decades and is now experiencing significant growth and expansion.
We collaborate with leading aerospace and defense companies, to solve their toughest application needs and improve their bottom line.
We recognize change is constant and encourage our people to search for better solutions.
We have a deep desire to engage, empower and provide an opportunity for employees at all levels in the organization and strongly promotes work/ life balance, and life long learning and development.
We enjoy a family-oriented, people-focused culture that has been a key factor in positioning our organization for the opportunities we now have today.
C&S is looking for a Team Lead to oversee our team of heavy equipment operators.
The Expert team Lead is responsible for using machine tools to make or modify parts.
Responsible for training, creating quality parts and being up to date on all documents, rules, and regulations.
You will also lead by example and help direct trainees to be successful in their everyday operations.
BENEFITS: We value the individual success and fulfillment of our employees.
C&S offers an exceptional benefits package which includes: Medical/Dental/Vision Insurance, Paid Holidays, Paid Vacation, 401k Company Match Program, and more ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES (other duties may be assigned) 1st Articles, review schedule Make efficiency changes/recommendations Engineer change orders/traveler change orders Initiate job splits to the Manufacturing Admin Check parts / inspection of parts Set up and troubleshooting.
Working with the area Operator to optimize production.
Monitoring of plant equipment and working with maintenance ensuring safe, compliant operations.
Assisting other Operators in starting up and/or shutting down various pieces of equipment in the work area.
Sets-up and operates special purpose equipment, conventional (lathe and/or mill), and/or numerical control (NC) machines and machining centers for fabrication of metallic and non-metallic parts.
Reads and interprets blueprints, sketches, drawings, manuals, specifications or sample parts to determine dimensions and tolerances of finished workpieces, sequence of operations and setup requirements.
Starts and observes machine operation to detect malfunctions or out-of-tolerance machining and adjusts machine controls as required.
Equivalent to a level 4 Operator and is an expert on the cell technology they are managing.
Capable of skill delegation and knowledge transfer and supports in the creating of bench strength within scheduling work center by ensuring at least two Cell Expert resources exist or are in training stages.
Train new Operators on current machines to be able to set up and operate.
Be a role model for other employees.
Reports to personnel as described in the Company?s organizational structure.
QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.
The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.
High school diploma or G.E.D or equivalent experience in a similar role.
State certified Journeyman, preferred.
Must be able to read English and interpret operating and maintenance instructions in machining manuals.
Must be able to speak effectively to groups of customers, employees, and salesmen.
Must have a strong background in trigonometry and geometry and be able to instill this knowledge to others.
Should be able to solve practical problems of machining theory when the situations arise in the department.
Ability to diplomatically deal with humanistic problems when they occur.
Knowledge of Microsoft Office products.
REQUIRED SKILLS AS FOLLOWS Must be able to use all gauging and tooling applicable to the department, such as indicating micrometers, test indicators, gauge blocks, and depth micrometers.
Must have a proven working background of machining experience.
Have exceptional machine programming skills.
Must be willing to continue education, ie., outside classes or any other additional training.
PHYSICAL DEMANDS The physical demands here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to stand, walk, use hands to finger, handle, or feel objects, tools or controls; reach with hands and arms, and talk or hear.
The employee is occasionally required to sit.
The employee must regularly lift and/or move up to 100 pounds, and occasionally lift and/or move up to 250 pounds, but with the help of another person or mechanical device.
Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to focus.
Good hand to eye coordination a must.
WORK ENVIRONMENT The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of the job.
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Indeed Hire and C and S Machine Products, Inc are working together to find the best candidate for this job.
By applying, you agree to be contacted by our agent, Indeed Hire, and receive updates via text and phone about your application.
Job Type: Full-time Experience: machining: 1 year (Required) machine programming: 1 year (Required) Education: High school or equivalent (Preferred) License: Journeyman (Preferred) Job distance: Niles, MI: Between 31 and 40 miles (Preferred)


Go to apply 

