Job Title = Machine Operator

Machine Operator job details: location:West Columbia, SC salary:$14 - $15.25 per hour date posted:Thursday, September 5, 2019 experience:Experienced job type:Temp to Perm reference:S_796134 questions:bianca.millerrandstadusa.com803 job description Machine Operator Job Title: Machine Operator 1 Schedule:1st - 7am-7:35pm Schedule 2nd - 7:30pm- 7am Responsibilities: General Purpose: Performs a variety of duties in the set-up and operation of equipment as defined in the work instructions for each process.
Principle Accountabilities: ? Reviews production schedules, process procedures and specifications regarding the sequential start-up, operation and control of automated equipment and peripheral hardware.
? Performs automated equipment set-up functions which include the loading of electronic components, raw cards, feeders, fixtures, stencils, chemicals, etc.
? Performs sequential start-up for the automated equipment and all peripheral hardware.
? Monitors the operation of the automated equipment and peripheral hardware.
Initiates adjustments to ensure that the automated equipment and peripheral hardware operate within the established control limits.
? Monitors the shelf-life usage of perishable chemicals, moisture sensitive parts and raw card assemblies.
? Inspects quality levels of production on the automated equipment and peripheral hardware.
Makes adjustments to equipment or hardware when workmanship drops below quality specifications.
Initiate rework/repair activities on product that is substandard to the specifications.
? Records data required for statistical process control or inventory management.
? Performs preventive maintenance on the automated equipment and peripheral hardware at specified intervals and schedules.
? Performs sequential shutdown, including the cleaning of the automated equipment or peripheral hardware.
Working hours: 7:00 AM - 7:35 PM Skills: Knowledge / Skills / Abilities: Able to read and comprehend moderately complex instructions.
Ability to effectively present information in one-on-one and small group situations to other employees, leads and supervisors of the organization.
Ability to add and subtract two digit numbers and to multiply and divide with 10's and 100's.
Ability to perform these operations using weight measurement and distance Demonstrates basic manufacturing line knowledge and participates in process.
To perform the major job responsibilities the use of the following tools may be required: Electronic Assembly: color code, component, schematics, PCB loading, PCB touch-up, mechanical assembly, surface mount assembly; Inspection: PCB loaded, components, measuring tools; Machine Operations: automatic component insertion equipment, surface mount insertion equipment, wave soldering; Mechanical & Electrical Tools: measuring tools; Office Skills: data entry, software.
Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out detailed but uninvolved written or oral instructions.
Ability to deal with problems involving a few concrete variables in standardized situations Supervision / Leadership: Able to understand and receive work instructions from line lead, supervisor/ manager and manufacturing support.
Typically requires close supervision.
Work Environment: While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly exposed to moving mechanical parts.
The employee is occasionally exposed to work that requires repetitive motion, toxic or caustic chemicals, and risk of electrical shock and occasionally works in job assignments that may require overtime and 2nd or 3rd shift job assignments as required.
The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.
Education: No Degree Required Experience: Experienced Qualifications: Education / Experience: Completion of a high school degree or equivalent is preferred.
Successful completion of company provided training may be required.
Typically requires 6-12 months of machine operator experience.
Work Environment: While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly exposed to moving mechanical parts.
The employee is occasionally exposed to work that requires repetitive motion, toxic or caustic chemicals, and risk of electrical shock and occasionally works in job assignments that may require overtime and 2nd or 3rd shift job assignments as required.
The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.
Physical Demands: Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to stand, walk and reach with hands and arms.
The employee frequently is required to handle small components.
The employee is occasionally required to stoop, kneel, crouch or crawl and talk and hear.
The employee must regularly lift and/or move up to 10 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds.
Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, color vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus Randstad is a world leader in matching great people with great companies.
Our experienced agents will listen carefully to your employment needs and then work diligently to match your skills and qualifications to the right job and company.
Whether you're looking for temporary, temporary-to-permanent or permanent opportunities, no one works harder for you than Randstad.
EEO Employer: Race, Religion, Color, National Origin, Citizenship, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, Age, Disability, Ancestry, Veteran Status, Genetic Information, Service in the Uniformed Services or any other classification protected by law.


Go to apply 

