Job Title = Machine Operator

Kelly Services is currently seeking a Machine Operator in Colorado Springs, CO to work an initial 6-month contract assignment for one of our top clients.
Kelly is a full-service workforce solutions provider to 98% of the Fortune 100 companies.
We provide employment to more than 700,000 people annually and we deal with some of the largest and best companies both nationally and locally.
To be considered for this position, you must submit your resumes to kynzie.reetzkellyscientific.com . Thank you for your interest in the assignment Why Kelly ? The Managed Solutions practice within Kelly Outsourcing and Consulting Group (KellyOCG ) is one focus within the full array of Kelly Services workforce solutions.
Kelly Services has transformed from the staffing industry pioneer to a leading workforce solutions provider.
KellyOCG is the distinguished outsourcing and consulting segment of Kelly Services, known for applying a forward-looking approach that enables companies to make strategic workforce planning decisions that impact their business and competitive advantage.
The Managed Solutions practice area of KellyOCG is dedicated to partnering with clients to architect and implement solutions that put them in a position to meet their operational obligation to their organization and freedom to focus on their more strategic business needs.
About Kelly Services As a workforce advocate for over 70 years, we are proud to have a role in managing employment opportunities for more than one million workers around the globe.
We employ 550,000 of these individuals directly with the remaining workers engaged through our talent supply chain network of supplier partners.
Revenue in 2015 was $5.5 billion.
Visit kellyservices.com and connect with us on Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter . Kelly Services is an equal opportunity employer including, but not limited to, Minorities, Females, Individuals with Disabilities, Protected Veterans, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity and is committed to employing a diverse workforce.
Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law.


Go to apply 

