
Description:
Nesco Resource is currently Seeking QUALIFIED Machine Operator candidates for multiple openings located in Bloomfield, NY

JOB SUMMARY:

Proficient in packaging, roll handling, cleaning, housekeeping, forklift operation, safety, facility and housekeeping policies, company organization, process overview, bailing scrap, grinding scrap, one slitting operation, labeling, prepare cores, process/quality checks and data management. Must be able to provide accurate and detailed logging of slitting information and enter and retrieve data in the Datasul EMS system.

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:

Assists in all aspects of the production of polyester film, in order to achieve maximum output of quality products This includes, but is not limited to, maintaining manufacturing quality records, assisting in start-ups, change-overs and normal operations and maintaining a safe and clean work environment through good housekeeping practices.
Ensures quality standards are maintained through the recognition of off-standard conditions. Immediately takes corrective action and alerts the Lead Operator.
Under the direction of the Lead Operator, performs maintenance on equipment during scheduled and unscheduled shutdowns of the manufacturing processes.

JOB QUALIFICATIONS:

Requires a minimum of six months of prior experience or training in a manufacturing environment.
Familiar with and able to safely perform all Standard Operating Procedures in a minimum of two (2) of the production areas.
Good listening and communication skills are required to accomplish assigned tasks.
Good written communication skills are required to document process conditions and facilitate the transfer of information as required.
Requires a high degree of alertness in order to identify process and quality problems in assigned production area.
Ability to acquire, retain and accurately implement a thorough knowledge of production processes.
A degree of independent judgement as determined by the individual and the Lead Operator.
Ability to promote a positive work environment.
Possess a valid lift truck license and operates a lift truck as required.
A High School Diploma or equivalent is required.

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS:

-Walking and standing for the majority of a 12-hour shift. Occasional sitting. Frequent light and occasional heavy effort involved in pulling, tugging and lifting equipment or product.

-MUST BE FLEXIBLE FOR 12 HOUR ROTATING SWING SHIFT

Please submit your resume to [Click Here to Email Your Resum] for consideration!

Nesco Resource is an equal employment opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, or veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics with respect to employment opportunities.


Go to apply 

