
Descripcin del empleo

Position: Line Operator
Department: Operations
Reports To: Production and Compounding Supervisor
POSITION SCOPE SUMMARY:
This position is responsible for set-up, change overs, operating, troubleshooting and maintaining production lines following proper manufacturing practices and procedures to maintain optimal efficiency levels.
Key Responsibilities:
Responsible for the day-to-day operation of the production machinery under your assignment, including set up, change overs, operating, troubleshooting and minor maintenance following adopted procedures.
Perform timely and efficient change-overs on aerosol packaging lines.
Reviews each production line job run for maximum output while maintaining efficiency levels.
Checks for defective or damaged aerosol products and makes the necessary line adjustments.
Ensures proper positioning of aerosol cans to ensure proper feeding and quality checks.
To assist in various quality control checks to ensure a quality product.
Reviews and checks periodically the operational function of the aerosol lines ensuring products are running at efficient standards.
Verify and inspect case count and proper case packaging.
Eliminates spoilage of products.
Performs planned and unplanned minor maintenance activities.
Maintain a clean, safe work area by following proper housekeeping procedures before and after every shift.
Dependent upon schedule, ensure aerosol lines and all packaging lines are set up for the next days production run.
If assigned, handles hazard waste per written procedures.
As directed, utilizes all safety equipment furnished by the company.
Participate in all training programs as required.
To know and be familiar with procedures furnished pertaining to the handling of hazardous chemicals used in the production area.
Follow documented procedures and practices that will contribute to an efficient, productive and profitable operation.
Follow and support all company policies and procedures, with special attention to attendance and all quality/safety programs.
To actively pursue and advise upper management of any cost saving ideas or improvements.
To advise and report to upper management or human resources any safety equipment malfunctions, workplace hazards, safety violations, etc.
Act in accordance with all company policies and procedures.
Perform other duties as assigned.
ITW Pro Brands and ITW Fluids North America is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.


Go to apply 

