Job Title = Technician

Candidate must be able to read blueprints. General technician and fabrication knowledge -abrading, masking and prepping/cleaning aerospace parts.
Assist in the creation and fabrication of high reliability products and components.
Pref. proficient use of basic shop arithmetic. Experience with ISO requirements, standards, and compliance issues.
Work on efforts to get honeycomb panels and other aerospace subsystems ready for the Wet Chem area to be painted/ chromated.
Performing routine maintenance of shop equipment.
Handling and managing fragile aerospace materials and assemblies.
Basic chemical analysis for basic immersion etching and cleaning line.
Work to established LEAN practices/ guidelines.
Ability to adhere to written procedures * Experience with ISO requirements, standards, and compliance issues.
Experience in Aerospace manufacturing environment
Qualifications:
High School Diploma Required. At least 1-2 yrs of hands on technician experience working in production or fabrication.
Experience in an Aerospace manufacturing environment a plus but not required.
Experience in the preparation and application of silicate, polyurethane, two part epoxy paint systems a plus but not required.
Able to read and work to written instructions, blueprints, or shop drawings
Experience with ISO a big plus.
Environment:
Working in a spacecraft production environment. Hands on.
Top 3 skills:
1) Hands on fabrication experience. Ideally aerospace products.
2) Experience with panel layout and production.
3) Working with plans and schematics required.

About Aerotek:
We know that a company's success starts with its employees. We also know that an individual's success starts with the right career opportunity. As a Best of Staffing Client and Talent leader, Aerotek's people-focused approach yields competitive advantage for our clients and rewarding careers for our contract employees. Since 1983, Aerotek has grown to become a leader in recruiting and staffing services. With more than 250 non-franchised offices, Aerotek's 8,000 internal employees serve more than 300,000 contract employees and 18,000 clients every year. Aerotek is an Allegis Group company, the global leader in talent solutions. Learn more at Aerotek.com.

The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.

If you would like to request a reasonable accommodation, such as the modification or adjustment of the job application process or interviewing process due to a disability, please call 888 or email accommodation@aerotek .com for other accommodation options. However, if you have questions about this position, please contact the Recruiter located at the bottom of the job posting. The Recruiter is the sole point of contact for questions about this position.


Go to apply 

