Job Title = TECHNICIAN

IMMEDIATE TECHNICIAN POSITION AVAILABLE Growing Manufacturer looking for Entry Level and Experienced Technician Requirements: -Mechanical Assembly -Testing of equipment -Mechanical Troubleshooting and Repair -Maintain equipment, parts, and supplies inventory -Document work by completing logs and forms -Use of basic hand and power tools This is a first shift position.
Looking for candidates that can work independently and as a team.
Pay rate based on experience ranges from $16-$25 an hour to start.
Looking to interview as soon as this week SEND OVER YOUR MOST UPDATED RESUME FOR IMMEDIATE CONSIDERATION About Aerotek: We know that a company's success starts with its employees.
We also know that an individual's success starts with the right career opportunity.
As a Best of Staffing Client and Talent leader, Aerotek's people-focused approach yields competitive advantage for our clients and rewarding careers for our contract employees.
Since 1983, Aerotek has grown to become a leader in recruiting and staffing services.
With more than 250 non-franchised offices, Aerotek's 8,000 internal employees serve more than 300,000 contract employees and 18,000 clients every year.
Aerotek is an Allegis Group company, the global leader in talent solutions.
Learn more at Aerotek.com.
The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.
If you would like to request a reasonable accommodation, such as the modification or adjustment of the job application process or interviewing process due to a disability, please call 888 or email accommodationaerotek .com for other accommodation options.
However, if you have questions about this position, please contact the Recruiter located at the bottom of the job posting.
The Recruiter is the sole point of contact for questions about this position.


Go to apply 

