Job Title = Machine Operator

Morbark LLC builds equipment that creates opportunities in the tree care, forestry, recycling, sawmill, and bio-energy markets. With more than 60 years of industry experience, Morbark LLC offers a wide variety of high-performance, heavy-duty brush chippers and stump grinders to fit your every need. Boxer Equipment, manufactured by Morbark LLC, is one of the most versatile, reliable, and productive mini-skid steers in the world to lift more, move more and dig faster than any other product on the market.

Job Description
Job Summary:
The Machine Operator will be responsible for operating various types of machines in the plant. They will adhere to all Morbark safety, quality, inventory and production guidelines, standards, policies and procedures.
Duties and Responsibilities:
Inspect work pieces for defects, and measure work pieces to determine accuracy of machine operation, using rules, templates, or other measuring instruments.
Observe machine operation to detect work piece defects or machine malfunctions, adjusting machines as necessary.
Read blueprints or job orders to determine product specifications and tooling instructions and to plan operational sequences.
Set up and operate machine to perform machining operations.
Follow all departmental objectives, standards or directions.
Machine all parts to company standards following
Proficient use of equipment required by job function.
Keep work place safe, clean and organized.
Ensure proper placement of tools at the end of each shift.
Responsibilities may change; be added or deleted.
Education and Experience Requirements:
High school diploma or equivalent is required.
Ability to handle both basic math and print reading is required. Proficient in shop mathematics and layout techniques is preferred.
Ability to use a tape measure is required. Proficient use of measuring instruments such as micrometers, height gauges, etc. is preferred.
Basic written and verbal communication skills.
Ability to work well with others.
Physical Requirements:
Unimpaired speech, hearing and sight (continuous).
Postural changes such as sitting, reaching, climbing, standing, walking and lifting intermittently.
Standing and walking on cement.
Climbing on and under machines.
Must be capable of lifting a minimum of 50 pounds from ground level to chest level.
Adhere to Morbark Employee Performance Expectations
Maintain a neat and orderly work area.
Note:
This job description is general in nature and is not designed to contain or to be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to the job.


Go to apply 

