
JOB SUMMARY: Sets up and operates Prodopak machine to produce a finished product to set quality control and production standards.iPRINCIPAL DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES Determine product to run per production orders, drain product auger and clean line as needed.
Change back and front film for product.
Does all necessary machine adjustment concerning photo eye/film tracking, tooling, coder, labeler, machine computer, filler computer, videojet unit, vertical seal bars, stroke adjustment.Adjust machine speed to optimum level.
Adhere to all safety rules and regulations.
Regular attendance on the job, dependability and reliability are required.
Sense of ordinary care to prevent material losses or damages to product.
Assist mechanics in trouble shooting/repairing Prodopak machine.Direct Prodopak packers and work with them.
Do necessary Sugar wash or other cleaning method between product change as required by QC.
Check for correctness and sign for each tote that is set up for production.
Check quality of finished product i.e.: pouch seals, case print, weights, product, etc.
Participates in behavior safety program.OTHER DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES Maintain equipment and immediate work area in neat and orderly manner.
Pack product pouches into cartons.
Make up cartons.
Assist mechanics in preventive maintenance of Prodopak machine.
Clean seal bars/jaws.
Perform other duties and special projects.
Train handpackers and new operators.
Package material and products by hand that are produced on the Prodopak Machines.
Assemble cartons for line.KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES Ability to perform basic mathematical calculations, including calculations involving fractions, decimals, percentages.
Ability to carry out written, verbal or diagrammatic instructions.
Ability to understand and follow verbal or demonstrated instructions, write identifying information, record information on forms.
Ability to perform heavy physical work, exerting up to 80 lbs.
of force occasionally, up to 50 lbs.
frequently, and up to 20 lbs.
constantly, performing such activities as climbing, balancing, stooping, kneeling, crouching, reaching, standing, walking, pushing, pulling, feeling, lifting, and grasping.
Ability to operate fork lift and other powered equipment for material handling.
WORKING CONDITIONS Work in normal manufacturing environment.
Potential exposure to equipment movement hazards and dangerous chemicals/solvents if proper safety procedures are not followed.
Work in temperature extremes, dampness.
Proper personal protective equipment required.
Electrical shock.
Significant work pace/pressure.
Obstacles, steps.
Overtime required (amount determined by production needs)


Go to apply 

