Job Title = Telecom Or Assembly Or Tooling jobs in Raleigh, NC, 27606

Empire Telecom  – 
Apex, NC, 27502
This position will ensure self-perform and subcontractors are complying with internal, client and OSHA safety standards. This position assists in coordinating safety training programs and objectives. Primary Responsibilities: Conduct daily walk...
- Jobs2Careers, Oct 08

Selectek  – 
Raleigh, NC, 27601
I have a client located near Raleigh, NC that has an immediate need for a Telecom Designer/Drafter. Responsibilities: A Telecom CAD Designer with 5+ years' experience and responsible for updates and modifications of cell tower sites. Must be able to ...
- Jobg8, Oct 05

Aditi Staffing Private Limited  – 
Cary, NC, 27513
Title: Network Engineer II (Financial / Billing Analyst) Location: Cary, NC 27513 Duration: 6+ months (With High Possibility of Extension) Description: Use a strong accounting and financial background to perform duties of a telecom billing analysts ...
- Jobs2Careers, Oct 05

Golden Tech Systems Inc.  – 
Raleigh, NC, 27604
... Network/Telecom specialist for a contract position in Raleigh, NC, working with the NC Department of Health and Human Services. Expected Skills: 5-7 years of current hands-on experience with Cisco Identity Services Engine (ISE) and the integration ...
- ZipRecruiter, Oct 05

Cynet Systems  – 
Raleigh, NC
This position will be responsible for daily network operations and firewall changes, possibly involving external vendors and multiple business areas. Requirements: 2+ years of hands-on networking experience (routing and switching) is required Team...
- Neuvoo, Sep 23

Cynet Systems  – 
Raleigh, NC
This position is required to communicate on a regularly scheduled basis with agency contacts to ensure the system is meeting agreed upon service level parameters. This position accepts and resolves service request, incidents, and problems from the...
- Neuvoo, Sep 23

Cynet Systems  – 
Raleigh, NC
Configuration, installation, and testing of the Cisco Identity Services Engine (ISE) in a production environment Architectural design and review of Cisco Identity Services Engine (ISE) services as it relates to the organization's Enterprise Active...
- Neuvoo, Sep 23

MH Corbin  – 
Raleigh, NC
We are seeking an Assembly Technician to become an integral part of our team. You will perform assembly line tasks as well as identify areas of improvement to increase efficiency. Responsibilities: Work with a team to assemble electronic equipment, ...
- ZipRecruiter, Oct 08

BelFlex Staffing Network  – 
Garner, NC
Essential Functions and Responsibilities • Must comply with safety procedures and regulations at all times • Sort and pull materials as it comes down conveyor belt, remove, and dispose of materials as regulated by law • Assist in performing...
- Neuvoo, Oct 07

Micro Tech Staffing - North Carolina  – 
Creedmoor, NC
... Candidates need to have 1+ years of wiring harness assembly experience. OT is required when needed. Must be able to use hand and power tools and work with both small and large gauge wires. QA on harnesses is done after each is assembled. Clean ...
- ZipRecruiter, Oct 04
