Job Title = Technician

Parman Energy is seeking a motivated and knowledgeable Technician to join our Equipment division (Parman Equipment Services.) The Technician is primarily required to repair and install lubrication and fuel equipment; assemble and deliver tanks; maintenance and upkeep of company-owned facilities, and perform basic fleet vehicle maintenance. Other responsibilities include assisting Master Technicians and Managers with various projects.

Job Requirements:
A strong mechanical aptitude and experience.
Must have the ability to effectively communicate with customers and work well alone, as well as within a team environment.
Periodic overnight travel.
Experience in fuel or lubrication storage and dispensing equipment is preferred.
Required to obtain F endorsement on driver's license and complete industrial lift truck certification within the first 90 days of employment.

At Parman, we are constantly setting higher standards and have a bold commitment to quality and excellence in serving our customers. For this reason, we seek those same outstanding qualities in the individuals we ask to join our team.

We are currently staffed with over 150 hardworking and dedicated professionals in seven locations, operating in the departments of the supply chain, inside & outside sales, executive & administrative capacities, accounting, customer service, human resources, equipment, and technology. We appreciate the efforts of our employees and reward them for their commitment to making Parman a great place to work every day.

We offer top-quality benefits including:
Employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).
Individual Health Care & Dental Coverage with a portion paid by Parman.
Company-paid life insurance and long-term disability coverage.
Company-paid Commercial Drivers License requirements (endorsements, fingerprinting, background, TWIC, and medical card certifications).
Paid Time Off and company holidays.
401(k) plan with company matching.
Paid uniforms, laundering and safety shoes for operations personnel.
Annual celebrations, dinners, and other benefits.
Our drivers operate some of the newest, most well-maintained package trucks and tankwagons in the industry.

Click here to apply:


Go to apply 

