Job Title = Technician

Duties and Responsibilities:
The following list is an outline of duties and responsibilities attached to this position. It is understood that this list is intended to be representative of the functions that may reasonably be expected of the position. It is not intended to be comprehensive.
Follow specific directions, performs a variety of tasks which may often change; work with standards of accuracy and safety.
Excavate job site and install/remove sheeting and shoring.
Build manholes and install conduit and various types of cable and pipe.
Assist in job layout by reading prints and preparing site for work by confirming utility markings and digging proper test holes.
Maintain a clean, safe work site by sweeping, stacking materials, picking up debris, etc.
Identify types of materials and tools needed and used for the job. Properly operate and maintain tools assigned to the crew.
Report and avoid use of tools in poor working condition.
(If Skilled Laborer/Driver) In accordance with Driver Handbook, operates company vehicles in a safe and skilled manner. Pre and post-trip inspections are performed daily. Vehicle is maintained and kept clean and organized.
Practice a safety comes first attitude by following Joy and OSHA regulations.
May perform additional duties as assigned by supervisor.
SKILLS, KNOWLEDGE, QUALIFICATIONS, & EXPERIENCE :
High school degree or its equivalent
2-3 years construction experience preferred
Valid drivers license
Must be able to communicate with supervisor and coworkers
Must be a team player
SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS:
Must be able to perform physical activities such as, but not limited, lifting materials and equipment (up to 70 pounds unassisted), standing, climbing, walking, or using hands to operate/handle tools. Must have a valid driver license with no more than 3 points.
BENEFITS WE OFFER:
A competitive base rate to commensurate with experience
Paid Time Off: Vacation, Sick Time and Holidays
Medical / Dental / Vision Insurance
Short-term and Long-term disability
Life insurance
Supplemental Insurance(s)
Employee Assistance Program
401(k)
Professional development opportunities Equal Opportunity Employer, including disabled and veterans.


Go to apply 

