Job Title = Engineer

Company Description

We are an engineering recruiting firm with decades of experience and have successfully placed candidates in positions for over 15 years. Our recruiters look forward to reviewing your resume, scheduling a conversation and walking you through the interview process.
Job Description

In this role, you will get to work on exciting and complex land development projects. The type of projects and size of projects will vary, and will include higher education, retail/commercial, and residential projects. You will enjoy having a variety of project types and having the opportunity to work closely with a highly skilled team of professional engineers and landscape architects in a collaborative and creative work environment. You will be able to develop your project management and leadership skills and have an opportunity to become a team leader as our practice area continues to grow.
Position Responsibilities:
Responsibilities will include leading a design team of engineers, landscape architects and technicians, coordinating with the client and other design professionals, and taking the projects through municipal and other jurisdictional approvals.

The right person will be responsible for quality of the work performed, client interaction, utilization of staff, contract management, and project profitability. He/she will have strong design skills at all levels of engineering including site planning and design, utility coordination and design, and stormwater management engineering. He/she will have extensive experience working on commercial, residential, campus, and/or urban projects. Lastly, this person will have exceptional communication and interpersonal skills, used to directly supervise staff for assigned projects, in addition to, engaging in marketing, business development, building lasting relationships with clients.Qualifications

Bachelors Degree or Masters Degree in Civil Engineering.
Registered Professional Civil Engineer.
Minimum 10 years relevant experience.
Advanced knowledge of civil engineering design requirements and principals.
Exercise good judgment; consider the relative costs and benefits of alternative solutions to choose the most appropriate one.
Advanced computer skills in AutoCad, Civil 3D, Microsoft, and Stormwater Modeling programs.

Additional Information

All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.


Go to apply 

