Job Title = Structural Inspection Team Leader - Watervliet

We have an exciting opportunity for an experienced Structural Inspection Team Leader in our Watervliet, NY office. This engineer will supervise and perform structural inspections and serve as the team leader on projects. Some local travel will be required.
TYPICAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties may be assigned.
Supervise above water and ancillary structure inspections.
Able to prepare complete engineering plans or reports.
Responsible for moderately difficult engineering projects in field or office in accordance with plans and specifications.
Make independent decisions within a general framework.
Responsible for office and field coordination with vendors, subconsultants, and agencies as appropriate.
Prepare complete safety inspection reports or review inspection reports written by other engineers/inspectors.
Keep Project Manager informed of work load and any changes in project scope or additional services.
Be active in technical societies such as ASCE.
Be available to attend meetings or events outside of normal working hours.
Know how to perform his/her duties safely.
Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor's degree or Master’s degree in civil engineering from an accredited four-year university
Minimum of four (4) years of bridge or ancillary structure inspection experience
Prior experience in the inspection of bridges, signs, roadways, railroads, marinas, and/or ports
Prior experience on NYDOT and/or a Federal bridge inspection projects preferred
Professional Engineer (P.E.) preferred.
EIT required
QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS:
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.
LANGUAGE SKILLS:
The ability to read, analyze, and interpret general business periodicals, professional journals, technical procedures, or governmental regulations. The ability to write technical reports, business correspondence, and procedure manuals. The ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of managers, clients, and the general public.
REASONING ABILITY:
The ability to define problems, collect data, evaluate facts, and draw valid conclusions. The ability to interpret an extensive variety of technical instructions in mathematical or diagram form and deal with several abstract and concrete variables.
PHYSICAL DEMANDS:
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit; stand; use hands to finger, handle, or feel objects, tools, or controls, reach with hands and arms, and talk or hear. The employee is occasionally required to walk, sit, climb or balance, and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee may be required to lift and/or move up to 25 pounds, and occasionally lift and/or move up to 125 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus.
While in the field, the employee may be required to walk in rugged conditions, work in adverse weather conditions, and stand up to eight hours or more at a time.
WORK ENVIRONMENT:
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.
SAFETY:
Employee safety and security are critical parts in our core values. Accountability, attitude, communication, pro-active improvement, and teamwork ensure safe conditions and safe actions. All employees are expected to actively participate in the Collins Safety Program, and opportunities exist at all levels to serve on our Safety Committee. Safety, Health, and Environment are part of our company culture, and sincere involvement is required for all employees.
SAFETY MATTERS:
Whether you are sitting in an office, hanging from a bridge, or diving under a pier, your health and safety are our most important concerns. Collins has ongoing safety training programs, up-to-date safety standards, continued use of best practices, and open communication. We will provide the training, knowledge, and tools, but we need your commitment to learn, be proactive, and work safely.
NOTICE TO THIRD PARTY RECRUITMENT AGENCIES:
Collins Engineers, Inc. does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters or employment agencies. In the event a recruiter or agency submits a resume or candidate without a previously signed agreement and approved engagement request, Collins Engineers, Inc. reserves the right to pursue and hire those candidate(s) without any financial obligation to the recruiter or agency. All unsolicited resumes received are the property of Collins Engineers, Inc.
Please apply for this position online at

Collins Engineers, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action/M/F/Vet/Disability Employer.


Go to apply 

