
About Exela
Exela Technologies, Inc. (Exela) is a location agnostic, global business process automation (BPA) leader combining industry-specific and industry-agnostic enterprise software and solutions with decades of experience. Our BPA suite of solutions are deployed in banking, healthcare, insurance and other industries to support mission critical environments. Exela is a leader in work flow automation, attended and un-attended cognitive automation, digital mail rooms, print communications, and payment processing with deployments across the globe.

Exela partners with customers to improve user experience and quality through operational efficiency. Exela serves over 3,700 customers across more than 50 countries, through a secure, cloud-enabled global delivery model. We are 22,000 employees strong across the Americas, Europe and Asia. Our customer list includes 60% of the Fortune® 100, along with many of the world's largest retail chains, banks, law firms, healthcare insurance payers and providers and telecom companies.
Why Exela?
A global, public company (Nasdaq: XELA), the people behind Exela are as important as the company itself. Our team's extensive experience across multiple industry verticals give us a better sense of our clients' needs. That begins with teams comprised of individuals from diverse backgrounds with different perspectives.

Join our global team as we create advancements in business process automation solutions that impact our client's mission-critical operations across the industries they serve. The diversity of our workforce and their inspiring ideas resonate throughout all that we do - don't just read about digital innovation, be part of the revolution!
Health & Wellness
We offer comprehensive health and wellness plans, including medical, dental and vision coverage for eligible employees and family members; paid time off; and commuter benefits. In addition, supplemental income protection including short term insurance coverage is available. We also offer a 401(k)-retirement savings plan to assist eligible employees in saving for their retirement. Participants are provided access to financial wellness resources and retirement planning services.
Military Hiring:
Exela seeks job applicants from all walks of life and backgrounds including, but not limited to, those who are transitioning military members, veterans, reservists, National Guard members, military spouses and their family members. Individuals will be considered no matter their military rank or specialty. Job Description
Responsibilities: • Perform various Mail Center activities (sorting, metering, folding, inserting, delivery, pickup, etc.) • Lift heavy boxes, files or paper when needed • Maintain the highest levels of customer care while demonstrating a friendly and cooperative attitude • Demonstrate flexibility in satisfying customer demands in a high volume, production environment • Consistently adhere to business procedure guidelines • Adhere to all safety procedures • Take direction from supervisor or site manager • Maintain all logs and reporting documentation; attention to detail • Participate in cross-training and perform other duties as assigned (Filing, outgoing shipments, etc) • Operating mailing, copy or scanning equipment • Shipping & Receiving • Handle time-sensitive material like confidential, urgent packages • Perform other tasks as assigned • Scanning incoming mail to recipients • Perform file purges and pulls • Create files and ship files • Provide backfill when needed • Enter information daily into spreadsheets • Identify charges and match them to billing • Sort and deliver mail, small packages Minimum Requirements: • Minimum of 6 months customer service related experience • High school diploma or equivalent (GED) required Qualifications: • Keyboarding and windows environment PC skills required (Word, Excel and PowerPoint preferred) • Experience running mail posting equipment a plus • Excellent communication skills both verbal and written • Lifting up to 55 lbs with or without accommodations • Willingness and availability to work additional hours if assigned • Ability to effectively work individually or in a team environment • Competency in performing multiple functional tasks • Ability to meet employer's attendance policy EEO Statement:
Exela is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equality opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will considered for employment without regard to their race, color, creed, religion, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, age, disability, gender/sex, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws.


Go to apply 

