Job Title = Machine Operator

Kelly Services is now seeking qualified Machine Operators for immediate needs on all shifts with us for a premier Edina employer.

Job Duties (Machine Operator):

Impulse testing involves sliding elements into the testing vessels and watching the computer to see if they pass or not.

Moving the elements to the correct place depending on whether they pass or fail.

Packaging requires the loading of raw materials (45lbs) at a fast pace (the machine will package every 30 seconds).

Loading cardboard onto a machine that puts the boxes together, and loading couplers (small tubes) onto the machines.

Filling out paperwork.

Demonstrates safety commitment through personal behavior.

Comply with all safety policies and procedures.

Keep work area neat and clean.

Complete monthly safety training.

Why Kelly ?

As a worker today, it s up to you to take charge of your career and look for opportunities to learn, grow, and achieve your potential. Helpingyou find what s next is what we re all about. We know what s going on in the evolving world of work just ask the nearly 500,000 people we employeach year. Connecting with us means getting the support, guidance, and opportunities needed to take your career where you may have never imagined.

About Kelly

At Kelly, we re always thinking about what s next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential. In fact, we re aleading advocate for temporary/nontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enablea better way to work and live. Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide varietyof workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world.
Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce, including, but not limited to, minorities, females,individuals with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual orientation, gender identity. Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law.


Go to apply 

