
Machine Operator/Technician

Biomerics NLE is a leading provider of laser processing services and contract manufacturing of medical components and assemblies to a wide range of customers throughout the United States and internationally. The company develops and implements leading edge part specific manufacturing processes utilizing such high-tech manufacturing tools as rapid prototyping, automation, PLCs, robotics and vision systems.
The company offers a uniquely friendly and supportive environment and strongly encourages its employees to learn and grown in their careers. The company offers its eligible employees a range of benefits which include: medical and dental benefits, 401K, and paid time off.

Description:
We are always looking for talented Machine Operators to assist in our objective to produce high quality parts to customer specifications every time and on time. The successful applicant with be an excellent team player, possess exceptional analytical and technical skills and the drive to continually learn and grown with the company.

Representative Responsibilities:
Follows documented procedures for generating assigned production work daily.
Loads fixtures and makes adjustments to processes as needed
Utilizes a microscope to inspect parts and identify quality issues
Refers to blueprints to ensure jobs are processed in accordance with specifications
Monitors equipment to ensure that it is in proper working order. Recommends maintenance and repair

Sets up jobs as appropriate
Maintains safe and healthy work environment by following standards and procedures; complying with legal regulations.
Updates job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities; reading technical publications.

Desired Skills, Talents and Qualifications:
1-3 years of experience as a Machine Operator in a machining or high-tech manufacturing environment preferred.
Educational background in light industrial trades and/or in a post-secondary vocational program a plus.
Mechanical aptitude necessary for loading fixtures and making adjustments to processes
Demonstrated ability using windows based computers
Ability to follow a number of trust based policies
Strong work ethic reliable to report to work every day and work a full shift and overtime as needed.
Flexible and willing to work on a variety of jobs depending on business need
Analytical ability
Detail orientation
Background in promoting process improvement
Strong oral and written communication skills
Ability to interface with customers to trouble-shoot issues and offer exceptional service
Background in safety promotion and management

"Equal Opportunity Employer: Minority/Female/Protected Veteran/Individuals with Disabilities are encouraged to apply."


Go to apply 

