Job Title = Machine Operator

Machine Operator
job details:

, NC

salary:$10.50 - $12 per hour

date posted:Wednesday, October 2, 2019

job type:Temp to Perm

reference:S_805507

questions:michelle.walters@randstadusa.com336-659-4858
job description
Machine Operator
This position is responsible for operation of assigned machine(s). Must be able to
read part blue prints and efficiently produce parts with minimal wastage.
Responsibilities:
Responsible for operation of assigned machine(s) per defined procedures.
a. Holds material as required, making sure to practice safe work habits.
b. Demonstrates self-initiative.
c. Exhibits high awareness of safe work habits.
d. Works well with other.
e. Ensures quality products by monitoring by established quality control methods.
f. Maintains a neat and orderly workstation free from clutter.
g. Appropriately records all work done on company approved/required documents.
Working hours: 4:30 PM - 12:00 AM
Skills:
Ability to operate machine(s) efficiently and productively with minimal wastage and pass all
required competencies at acceptable levels.
Capable of reading and comprehending part blue prints and programming machines appropriately.
Identifies and tags discrepant parts and reports to supervisor.
Monitors assigned machine(s) for necessary maintenance and or machine errors and reports
immediately to supervisor.
Responsible for all areas of that cell including calibrated tools, packaging, and training of
apprentice machine operator.
Assists other employees as needed.
Assists with packaging of parts and/or shipping as needed.
Participates in monthly, quarterly, and annual inventory.
Finds additional work when not performing primary duties to assist co-workers.
Performs related computer and/or clerical functions.
Education:
High School
Experience:
Experienced
Qualifications:
Specific machine operating experience required.
Ability to pass complete required competencies after training and maintain acceptable levels upon annual
reviews.
Must be able to be forklift certified.
Must be able to communicate and write in English.
Join the #1 Employer Services Company in the World.
We offer Health, Vision and Dental to our associates. We place temp, temp to hire and direct hire/permanent jobs for our candidates.
There are perks and you get to work with an awesome staff for support.
Call, text, email, find us on Facebook, Like us, then you'll Love Us.
Randstad is a world leader in matching great people with great companies. Our experienced agents will listen carefully to your employment needs and then work diligently to match your skills and qualifications to the right job and company. Whether you're looking for temporary, temporary-to-permanent or permanent opportunities, no one works harder for you than Randstad. EEO Employer: Race, Religion, Color, National Origin, Citizenship, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, Age, Disability, Ancestry, Veteran Status, Genetic Information, Service in the Uniformed Services or any other classification protected by law.


Go to apply 

