Job Title = Machine Operator

Machine Operator
job details:

location:Concord, NC

salary:$12 per hour

date posted:Monday, September 30, 2019

job type:Temp to Perm

reference:S_804249

questions:sophie.pickett@randstadusa.com704-510-1644
job description
Machine Operator
Are you an experienced Machine Operator looking for work in the Concord area? Are you a reliable candidate who thrives in warehouse roles?
Randstad is looking for you! We have an available position in Concord operating on 12 hour shifts and rotation schedule.
Responsibilities:
As a machine operator, you will be operating a slitting machine that will cut up large roles to cut down to specific customer requirements. This machine operator will be responsible for meeting a certain production amount every day for the amount of rolls that will be cut to be shipped out. In this position, you will be measured by the percentage of line items you correctly cut and your efficiency.
Working hours: 5:45 AM - 6:45 PM
Skills:
Must be able to follow written and verbal instructions
Must be able to enter production data into computer
Production line experience in manufacturing
Must be able to lift multiple pounds repeatedly throughout shift
Set up and operate slitting machines according to the appropriate "machine operator's manual" under direction
Carry and supply materials to the machines
Remove finished product from the machine. Supplies and finished goods of up to 38 lbs.
Investigate and analyze causes of target frustration
Help train other machine operators
Education:
High School
Experience:
Experienced
Qualifications:
Must have a least one year of experience as a machine operator
Must be able to operate a machine solely
If you are interested in this position, please email a copy of your resume with the best phone number to contact you on.
Randstad is a world leader in matching great people with great companies. Our experienced agents will listen carefully to your employment needs and then work diligently to match your skills and qualifications to the right job and company. Whether you're looking for temporary, temporary-to-permanent or permanent opportunities, no one works harder for you than Randstad. EEO Employer: Race, Religion, Color, National Origin, Citizenship, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, Age, Disability, Ancestry, Veteran Status, Genetic Information, Service in the Uniformed Services or any other classification protected by law.


Go to apply 

