Job Title = Machine operator

Perdue Foods is part of Perdue Farms, a family-owned company heading into it's second century of growth and innovation. With a goal of becoming the most trusted name in premium proteins, we create products for consumers and for retail and foodservice customers around the globe, while changing the way animals are raised for food.
Summary
This production position works in a production area processing poultry products. Requires working with live poultry, raw and/or cooked products. Typical assignments may include live hang, debone, cut up, evisceration, marination, stack off, Multivac, overwrap and/or sanitation. Usually works five to six days a week ; overtime may be required based on production needs.
Principal and Essential Duties & Responsibilities
Works at various stations along the production line processing poultry food products.
Adheres to all safety requirements including PPE (Personal Protective Equipment), preventing and reporting unsafe acts and conditions, Lockout-Tagout procedures and Process Safety Management related matters.
Maintains clean and safe working environment.
Participates in Company and department safety programs.
Minimum Education
High School or equivalent not required but beneficial.
Experience Requirements
Worked a minimum of 6 months of consecutive work history with one employer within the past 3 years.
Experience Preferred
Experience in poultry processing/manufacturing environment preferred.
Environmental Factors and Physical Requirements
When in a plant environment: Exposure primarily consists of wet and moist floors which include metal and plastic grating surfaces. May be exposed to temperatures of 28 degrees to 100 degrees Fahrenheit with both ambient and 100% humidity. May handle product 25 degrees to 50 degrees Fahrenheit. May be exposed to noise ranges of 50 db to 110 db. May be exposed to dust, feathers and all chemicals used in poultry, food, processing facility. Must wear and use protective and safety equipment required for the job as directed by the Company. Occasional exposure to carbon dioxide vapors 10ppm and chlorine less than 20 ppm. Able to stand for several hours. Work may include lifting (up to 50 lbs), reaching, bending, pushing boxes on conveyor assembly.
Perdue Farms, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.


Go to apply 

