Job Title = Machine Operator

Machine Operator
job details:

, PA

salary:$15 per hour

date posted:Wednesday, October 2, 2019

job type:Temp to Perm

reference:S_805295

questions:amanda.fattori@randstadusa.com610-558-0440
job description
Machine Operator
We need you as much as you need us! Why is that you ask?! Because YOU need a job and WE have one for you! This isn't just a job, it is a potential career, stability, the feeling of fulfillment and we need people like you to keep reading this AD so you can get to the bottom and actually APPLY!
Things you will get:
PAID WEEKLY
Consistent hours
Steady paycheck
Ability to enroll in health benefits
Eternal Happiness**
This is a M-F 1st shift position
Starting at $15/hr
Responsibilities:
We are looking for an experienced forklift operator to work at a company based out of Toughkenamon, PA. If you have operated a stand up or sit down forklift within the past 6 months and have been previously certified then this could be a match made in heaven. And you don't just pass up a match made in heaven because those don't come around often am I right or am I right?
Working hours: 7:00 AM - 4:00 PM
Skills:
Ability to safely and properly operate a forklift
Attention to detail
Ability to work in a fast pace environment
Education:
High School
Experience:
Experienced
Qualifications:
1-2 years experience operating a forklift
You have operated a forklift within the last 6 months
A winning attitude**
Can you just call me already! Respond to this AD with a resume and call Amanda at Randstad
Randstad is a world leader in matching great people with great companies. Our experienced agents will listen carefully to your employment needs and then work diligently to match your skills and qualifications to the right job and company. Whether you're looking for temporary, temporary-to-permanent or permanent opportunities, no one works harder for you than Randstad. EEO Employer: Race, Religion, Color, National Origin, Citizenship, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, Age, Disability, Ancestry, Veteran Status, Genetic Information, Service in the Uniformed Services or any other classification protected by law.


Go to apply 

