
Company Information
TE Connectivity Ltd., is a $14 billion global technology and manufacturing leader creating a safer, sustainable, productive, and connected future. For more than 75 years, our connectivity and sensor solutions, proven in the harshest environments, have enabled advancements in transportation, industrial applications, medical technology, energy, data communications, and the home. With 80,000 employees, including more than 8,000 engineers, working alongside customers in nearly 140 countries, TE ensures that EVERY CONNECTION COUNTS. Learn more at and on LinkedIn, Facebook, WeChat and Twitter.
As today’s homes are becoming more connected, TE Appliances continues to dedicate resources to develop innovative connectivity solutions to support the most capable and complex home appliances in the market. TE Appliance products can be found in home applications consumers use on a daily basis- large and small- and continue to provide the best solutions for always-on connectivity needed for the home of today and tomorrow. Our customers partner with us as we are able to provide a broad range of connectivity and sensor solutions for home appliances, lighting, HVAC, security, and many more applications.
Job Overview
TE Connectivity's Lickdale Manufacturing Plant is located in Jonestown, PA. We produce terminals and connectors primarily utilized in appliances. We employ roughly 600 full-time workers and 50 agency workers in various machine operator, material handling, maintenance, machining, engineering, quality, logistics, and other support positions.
We hire entry-level and experienced workers while providing excellent opportunities for growth through on-the-job training, TE sponsored on-site and at-home technical training, as well as tuition reimbursement for college courses.
At this time, we're recruiting for Machine Operators, Material Handlers, Tool & Die Makers, and Mold Makers.
Responsibilities & Qualifications
Entry-level workers will be considered for positions requiring basic mechanical/technical skills. We provide on-the-job training to all candidates who have a desire to learn and grow within the organization.
Assembly Operator
Preparing machine for assembly process
Operate automatic and semi-automatic assembly machines
Load reels of strip terminals and housing onto assembly machines
Make adjustments to properly align mating parts in machine
Clear jams and inspect finished products
Prepare completed reels for transport to other areas within facility
Makes minor adjustments and performs Initial Piece and Final inspections to assure continuous production of quality parts
Molding Operator – Injection, Rotary and Medical Molding
Monitor a bank of thermoplastic molding machines going from machine to machine to monitor production as required. Assure that sprue picker and grinder are working properly. Separate runners and production parts as required.
As required use go/no-go gaging, dial calipers, gage pins, and microscopes to inspect the molded housings according to the quality inspection plans.
Record production data, scrap data, inspections completed, and general comments throughout the production run via the production logs, mold report cards, and QIP inspection form at multiple presses.
Plating Operator
Operate and adjust plating lines
Perform quality checks of products and assure good product
Load change reels
Perform preventative maintenance
Must possess the ability to coordinate and move product from one department to another
Operate pallet jacks and other material handling devices
Material Handler
Load and unload trucks
Print SAP License Tags, enter goods receipts, locate material to bins
Locate and pull product, separate if necessary, band using steel banding, or stretch wrap for shipping
Assemble scrap tubs
Communicate with other shifts for follow-up or specific instructions daily
Operate manual pallet jacks and moving carts constantly
***This description provides the general nature and level of work performed. This posting is not intended to be an exhaustive list of duties, responsibilities, or qualifications assigned to the job
Competencies
Values: Integrity, Accountability,Teamwork, Innovation


Go to apply 

