
DirectEmployers Association is a nonprofit HR consortium of leading global employers formed to improve labor market efficiency through the sharing of best practices, research and the development of technology. In accordance with its Corporate By-Laws, the business and affairs of the Association are managed by a Board of Directors consisting of member company representatives. Daily operations are managed by an Executive Director and operations staff at the direction of the President and Board of Directors. Officers are elected and goals and objectives are determined by member employers at DirectEmployers Association’s annual meeting scheduled in the fourth quarter of each year.

Job Description
Job Description
Machine Operator
running an injection molding machine
trimming parts.
Temp to hire
Call Jennifer for more information at Kelly Services
Why Kelly ® ?
As a worker today, it's up to you to take charge of your career and look for opportunities to learn, grow, and achieve your potential. Helping you find what's next is what we're all about. We know what's going on in the evolving world of work-just ask the nearly 500,000 people we employ each year. Connecting with us means getting the support, guidance, and opportunities needed to take your career where you may have never imagined.
About Kelly ®
At Kelly, we're always thinking about what's next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential. In fact, we're a leading advocate for temporary/nontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enable a better way to work and live. Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide variety of workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world.
Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce, including, but not limited to, minorities, females, individuals with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual orientation, gender identity. Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law. at
Online:


Go to apply 

