Job Title = Engineer

Job Summary

The Engineer, Level 2 is responsible for insuring that the property is maintained in the best possible condition at all times with the least amount of inconvenience to guests and employees.
Education & Experience
High School diploma or equivalent and/or one year of experience in a hotel or related field required.
At least two years of progressive experience in a hotel or related field preferred.
Trade school and/or College course work in related field preferred.
Physical Requirements
Flexible and long hours sometimes required.
Heavy work - Exerting in excess of 100 pounds of force occasionally, and/or in excess of 50 pounds of force frequently and/or in excess of 20 pounds constantly to lift, carry, push, pull, or otherwise move objects.
General Requirements
Maintain a warm and friendly demeanor at all times.
Must be able to effectively communicate both verbally and written, with all level of employees and guests in an attentive, friendly, courteous and service oriented manner.
Must be effective at listening to, understanding, and clarifying concerns raised by employees and guests.
Must be able to multitask and prioritize departmental functions to meet deadlines.
Approach all encounters with guests and employees in an attentive, friendly, courteous and service-oriented manner.
Attend all hotel required meetings and trainings.
Maintain regular attendance in compliance with Wyndham Hotels & Resorts Standards, as required by scheduling, which will vary according to the needs of the hotel.
Maintain high standards of personal appearance and grooming, which includes wearing the proper uniform and nametag.
Comply with Wyndham Hotels & Resorts Standards and regulations to encourage safe and efficient hotel operations.
Maximize efforts towards productivity, identify problem areas and assist in implementing solutions.
Must be effective in handling problems, including anticipating, preventing, identifying and solving problems as necessary.
Must be able to understand and apply complex information, data, etc. from various sources to meet appropriate objectives.
Must be able to cross-train in other hotel related areas.
Must be able to maintain confidentiality of information.
Must be able to show initiative, including anticipating guest or operational needs.
Perform other duties as requested by management.
Fundamental Requirements
Make repairs to hotel air conditioning system: change filters, clean coils, replace motors.
Perform preventive maintenance on all equipment (i.e. boilers, chillers, HVAC-Heating Ventilation and Air Conditioning, electrical, etc.).
Take required readings on equipment.
Test cooling tower and record readings.
Replace and program televisions as needed.
Replace light switches, receptacles, light bulbs and fixtures.
Perform furniture repair.
Replace and repair pumps.
Perform plumbing repairs (i.e. clogged drains, copper pipe, change washers, change handles, drain fittings, etc).
Understand and be able to read blueprints and wiring diagrams.
Trace and repair all types of water lines.
Troubleshoot and repair kitchen equipment.
Maintain repair and preventive maintenance records.
Perform and maintain work to local, state and Federal codes.
Test, clean and repair swimming pools and spas.
Paint designated areas.
Repair and finish sheet rock.
Repair all types of wall coverings.
Repair and program hotel electronic lock system.
Assist in supervising other engineering staff members.
Assist in scheduling preventive maintenance tasks.


Go to apply 

