Job Title = Machine Operator

At Instaff, our success depends on you! That s why we set you up to succeed from day one. From our commitment to finding you the right-fit job, to our training and benefits programs, Instaff gives you the tools you need to build the future you want! We know that our clients success, as well as our own, depends on treating our employees with respect and care. We call it partnership with a purpose. Join the Instaff team today!

Job Title: Machine Operator
Job Type: Contract-to-Hire
Order#: 35883994
Location: North Chicago, IL
Days/Hours: Mon-Fri 2nd Shift
Pay Range: $17.00 per hour

SUMMARY
Under general supervision, performs all duties associated with the operation of the packaging machines and accessory equipment.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
This list of duties and responsibilities is not all inclusive and may be expanded to include other duties and responsibilities as management may deem from time to time.

*Food safety or quality responsibilities within job. All staff are responsible for reporting food safety and quality issues to those that can initiate action.

1. The independent setup of all packaging equipment as assigned by the supervisor.
2. To make independent adjustments and corrections to the piece of equipment to which the operator is assigned, insuring efficient operation of that particular piece of equipment.
3. Directs the production workers assigned to that particular piece of equipment being utilized, to insure efficient operation in completing the assigned tasks.
4. Inspects all production to insure compliance with specifications for that particular package.
5. Completes all paperwork which is required, including start-up checklists, weight log sheets and warehouse transfers.
6. Performs changeovers on the variety of packaging equipment as directed by the supervisor.
7. The use and understanding of written production schedules and instruction manuals in English may be required.
8. Perform maintenance duties on the piece of equipment to which they are assigned.
9. May be assigned to calculate, compile and report production volumes as directed by the Packaging Supervisor.
10. Applies customer supplied labels to boxes, bags and tins as needed.
11. Perform all duties assigned within the packaging section including the packaging of cases or caddies, palletizing cases, gathering, mixing and feeding of product to the packaging equipment, marking cases or cartons, inspection of product and assembly cartons or cases.
12. Performs the safe operation of a manual or powered pallet jack, also may be required to operate power lift equipment including specialized narrow-aisle equipment.
13. Frequently checks scales to ensure accurate weight counts are being observed.
14. Performs other duties as assigned.
15. *Responsible for the quality of their work and implementation of the food safety/quality procedures applicable to the processes that they perform.
16. *Complete daily end of shift cleaning.
17. Report daily production accurately using the scanning system.
18. *Report all safety incidents.
19. *Responsible to report any food safety/quality problems to personnel with authority to initiate action SQF Practitioner or direct supervisor.

Benefits:
Weekly pay
Direct Deposit or Pay Card (Mastercard)
Longevity and holiday pay
401K plan
Medical, dental, vision, and life insurance available for employee and family

When uploading a resume, please ensure that it includes your Name, Address, City, ST, Zip Code, Phone Number(s) and eMail Address. Due to the number of responses to any given job opening, only candidates chosen for this particular opening will be contacted. Submitted resumes and applications remain in our database for consideration for other current and future openings.


Go to apply 

