Job Title = Engineer

Job Scope:
The Engineer/Operator is responsible for the safe and efficient operation of all building equipment used to provide landlord services to Brookfield tenants. Including but not limited to: mechanical, electrical, plumbing equipment, controls and distribution panels used to provide heat, air conditioning, ventilation, electrical power service, etc. The required hours are 4:00 PM - 12:00 AM
Job Responsibilities:
Knowledge of complete building operations
Experience with building mechanical equipment
Ensure all preventative and predictive maintenance is performed according to BFP standards including but not limited to: changing filters, lubricating equipment, inspecting and adjusting belts. Replacing pulleys, motors, bearings, shafts, and punching tubes on chillers, etc.
Have thorough knowledge of all key valve locations and electrical distribution switches for all building systems
Life safety for office towers, fire sprinklers, fire alarm and fire panels
Maintain all applicable and required licenses and certificates
Correct emergency conditions such as water or sewer leakage. Notify management of problems as appropriate.
Initiate repairs with shift personnel when problems are discovered on routine inspections
Water treatment, log all readings to maintain proper chemical levels in systems, and notify Chief of Assistant Chief if readings are abnormal
Ensure all personnel maintain a clean and safe environment in all mechanical and equipment rooms or locations. This maintenance includes surface cleaning, painting and other maintenance necessary to maintain professional operational standards.
Follow all policies and procedures
Participate in annual employee evaluations and outline goals/and action plan
Qualifications:
State of Texas 1st, 2nd or 3rd Grade Stationary Engineer Certification
CFC Universal Technician
State of Texas Maintenance Electrical License
MEP: Mechanical, Electrical, Plumbing experience preferred
Air Conditioning and Chiller operations experience is necessary
Boiler operations experience
Able to demonstrate and perform job responsibilities and functions in a safe manner, displaying appropriate safety measures to protect yourself, other employees, tenants and building guests
Demonstrate the appropriate technical knowledge to maintain and repair high-rise office building equipment including HVAC systems, electrical distribution and lighting systems, plumbing systems, etc.
Follow the direction of Supervisor as needed and appropriate for duties as required.
Physical Requirements:
The job duties require the employee to be absent of any physical limitations which would impair effective performance or jeopardize the safety or ability to assist fellow employees, tenants or guests
This position requires the ability, both physically and mentally to work in emergency situations
This position requires lifting objects in awkward positions, climbing around or over piping, beams, and entering into or crawling in confined spaces, etc.
This position requires the ability to assist other emergency personnel (firemen, paramedics, police, etc.) in emergency situations
This position requires climbing many flights of stairs (up to 52) while carrying weighty objects such as materials, tools or tool bags, etc. in hot and humid conditions.
This position requires frequent work on sewer lines, drain lines, condensate plans and use of a face mask or respirator could be required.
NHVNKQLJa2


Go to apply 

