Job Title = Tax Map Manager

CLASS DESCRIPTION:
Under the direction of the Deputy Engineer in charge of the Tax Map department, is responsible for the supervision of the Tax Map department and performing highly technical survey and tax map preparation and analysis. Employee performs routine to complex administrative and professional engineering, and CAD tasks.
QUALIFICATIONS: An example of acceptable qualifications:
Possession of a Bachelor’s Degree in Civil Engineering or Surveying and five (5) years’ experience in surveying and GIS civil engineering type work; or any equivalent combination of education, experience, and training which provides the required knowledge, skills, and abilities.
LICENSURE OR CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS:
Must possess a Professional Surveyor’s license as issued by the State of Ohio, and five years of experience after license date. Must possess a valid Ohio Driver’s licenses; must maintain insurability under the Engineer’s insurance policy.
EQUIPMENT OPERATED: The following are examples only and are not intended to be all inclusive:
Modern office equipment (e.g., computer, typewriter, copier, calculator, telephone, fax machine, etc.).
INHERENTLY HAZARDOUS OR PHYSICALLY DEMANDING WORKING CONDITIONS:
The employee is exposed to chemicals found in an office environment (e.g., correction fluid, toner, etc.).
Note: In accordance with the U.S. Department of Labor physical demands strength ratings, this is considered sedentary to light work.
JOB DESCRIPTION AND WORKER CHARACTERISTICS:
JOB DUTIES in order of importance
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS OF THE POSITION: For purposes of 42 USC 12101:
60% (1) Serves as a working technical supervisor for all Tax Map Coordinators and Technicians. Answers semi-complex to complex questions regarding maps, surveys, and deeds. Utilizes Arc-info and Arcview to create and modify parcels in order to update the County GIS system. Performs survey reviews for lot splits, subdivisions, and condominiums to verify compliance with the adopted standards. Draws new and updates, revises and/or plots changes to existing County and township maps; sketches, traces and letters splits and other changes and corrects errors found on map; review daily audit and transfer reports; routinely utilizes complex GIS applications to draw and revise engineering documents; review surveys that are submitted to the Engineer’s Office and run closures for submitted surveys.
(2) Supervises employees of Tax Map Office. (i.e., plans, schedules and assigns employee work); verifies and ensures that the Tax Map Office employees’ work is being completed in a timely manner; explains procedures and assists general public surveyors, attorneys, realtors, etc. in locating maps and records; Effective verbal and oral communication skills. Ability to establish a friendly and efficient work atmosphere in a supervisory role, handle sensitive contacts with associates, officials and the general public.
30% (3) Accepts and accounts for cash received for copying services; responds to inquiries from attorneys, land surveyors, local officials, co-workers, and general public regarding property lines, deed corrections, lot splits, etc.; maintains inventory of supplies and materials; requisitions supplies and materials as necessary; serves as communication specialist when needed (e.g., answers telephone and connects caller to desired party; takes messages; greets visitors and directs to desired party; provides information of a general nature; receives deliveries; etc.).
(4) Checks, verifies and researches deed descriptions, survey records and other official documents; advises public, surveyors, attorneys, etc. of errors and best way to correct them; computes accuracy of legal descriptions.
5% (5) Maintains required licensures, certification, and continuing education requirements, if any.
(6) Meets all job safety requirements and all applicable safety standards that pertain to essential functions.
(7) Demonstrates regular and predictable attendance.
OTHER DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
5% (8) Performs other related duties as assigned.
(9) Attends staff meetings as assigned.
NOTE: May be required to be on call 24 hours a day, as necessary.
MINIMUM ACCEPTABLE CHARACTERISTICS: (*indicates developed after employment)
Knowledge of: *Engineer’s goals and objectives; *Engineer’s policies and procedures; *department goals and objectives; *department policies and procedures; inventory control; purchasing; supervisory principles and practices; office practices and procedures; records management.
Skill in: computer operation; CAD and Tax Map Specific software; personnel management. computer software (e.g. Microsoft Office suite).
Ability to: carry out detailed but basic written or oral instructions; carry out instructions in written, oral, or picture form; deal with problems involving several variables within familiar context; deal with many variables and determine specific action; determine material and equipment needs; respond to routine inquiries from public and/or officials; communicate effectively; understand a variety of written and/or verbal communications; maintain records according to established procedures; develop and maintain effective working relationships.
POSITIONS DIRECTLY SUPERVISED:
All Tax Map Employees
Job Type: Full-time


Go to apply 

