Job Title = Engineer

Engineer

When registering to this job board you will be redirected to the online application form. Please ensure that this is completed in full in order that your application can be reviewed.

There’s nothing better than knowing you’re part of a team that has made something perfect for someone. This commitment to perfection means our Engineers play a crucial role in maintaining the already high standards of our family-run business. With your proven experience as a Civil Engineer, we’ll support you through high-quality training, great benefits and long-term career progression. The role will be both challenging yet rewarding, compiling and delivering complete civil engineering packages across the division. So, if you want to demonstrate your ability whilst enjoying great job satisfaction don’t hesitate to get in touch.

The home of job satisfaction

When people buy a new home, they want everything to be absolutely perfect. So do we, and that extends beyond our homes to include the design, construction, and maintenance of everything from highways to drainage facilities.

Our commitment to excellence means you can play a crucial role in maintaining the already high standards of a genuine industry leader. If you take as much pride in your work as we do, then the chance to compile and deliver complete civil engineering packages across the division should offer a challenging yet rewarding opportunity.

Already one of the largest privately owned house building groups in the UK with over 1000 staff, we’re always looking for fresh ideas. We believe that to attract the best, you need to be the best and we therefore offer excellent development and progression opportunities, great benefits and more.

An experienced and meticulous Civil Engineer, your role will be to ensure compliance with all relevant regulations and agreements, managing external consultants to develop road and sewer designs, producing Section 38 and 104 designs, contributing to site appraisals and working closely with Environmental and Geotechnical Consultants to provide effective solutions to foundation and contamination issues.

Qualified to at least HNC level with sound relevant experience gained with a housebuilder or consultancy, you should bring an in-depth understanding of Section 38, 104 and 278 agreements. We’ll also be looking for strong communication skills, plus a knowledge of highway design standards, sewers for adoption, Building Regs Part H, BS8301, PDS design, mircrodrainage software and AutoCAD.

Join our friendly family-owned company and you’ll be part of a business that will value you, your contribution and your ideas. We are committed to investing in your future as you contribute to the success of ours

Job Type: permanent


Go to apply 

