Job Title = Technician

We''re one of the largest Membership organizations in the country, but we''re so much more than our legendary roadside service.
We call our club''s vision, mission, values, and supporting pillars ''Our House'' because they are the foundation for all that we do.
We''re working to transform AAA for the next century with a mission to create Members for life by unleashing the innovative spirit of our Team Members.
We work hard to create an environment where you can thrive and where you use your skills and talents to help us deliver legendary Member service.
You''ll help have a positive impact on the diverse communities we serve, too.
Why AAA?Hourly Pay, Wrench Rate with bonus and incentive plan$2500 Signon BonusExceptional benefits within 30 days of hire, to include 401k matching17 Paid Days off and no Sunday work hoursTuition reimbursement for receiving additional ASE certificationsA free AAA Membership and numerous employee discounts What You''ll Do.Successfully complete automotive service and repair work qualified to perform.
Perform work according to safety guidelines.
Complete vehicle inspection form and vehicle diagnostic form and submit to service advisor.
Complete documentation of repair work completed.Advises service advisor of change in a vehicles status.
Inspect vehicles for additional needed repairs or maintenance and recommend them to the service advisors for sale to customers.Responsible to maintain a safe and clean work area.
Participate in ongoing training as assigned by management.
Study technical bulletins, industry magazines, and technical web sites.
What You''ve Done.3-5 years automotive repair experience2 ASE Certifications required or equivalent experience.Valid Arizona driver''s license and current 39 month driving record.Candidates will be considered if certifications have expired within the last 2 years.Candidate will be required to re-certify in at least 2 areas at the next testing cycle as a condition of employment.
AUTOby Jobble


Go to apply 

