Job Title = Engineer

Description Position at Nobu Hotel Shoreditch An exciting opportunity has arisen to join Nobu Hotel Shoreditch as an Engineer.
Located in Shoreditch, we offer a blend of Shoreditch's creative energy with Nobu's ethos of simple luxury.
Located on Willow Street in Shoreditch, the hotel features 148 rooms including 7 suites, a 240 seat restaurant, lobby lounge, outdoor courtyard and a spa.
We are a very established brand who can offer growth and development, alongside the opportunity to travel.
What Can we Offer You: * Tasty meals on duty * 25% discount on F+B * 250 refer a friend scheme * Overnight Guest Experience at Nobu Hotel Shoreditch inc dinner and breakfast * 28 Days Annual leave, increasing by 1 day per year of service (up to 33 days) * Employee social events * Family and friends rate for overnight stay * Rewards and recognition schemes * Auto-enrolment pension scheme * Cycle to work scheme * Partake in Nobu's leadership programme Key Responsibilities * Perform electrical repair, switches, breakers and plugs and trace wiring.
Ability to hook up 3 phase electrical panels as needed for group business.
Reporting of project status and inventory * Changing of air filters and make repairs to chilled water valves and repair electrical component, trouble shoot electrical, water and drain problems, reporting of status and inventory * Guestrooms preventive maintenance program * Back of house area up keep as needed.
Change bulbs and filters, minor touch up of furniture, minor electrical and plumbing repairs, (commodes, faucets (remove and reset) lamp repair) ability to grout, caulk and clean, painting touch up ability and minor wallpaper repairs.
Also ability to install VCT and make repairs to and cut stone and glazed tile.
* Working knowledge of carpentry, paint, tile, plumbing, electrical, HVAC, water pumps, cooling towers and general mechanical.
* Ability to operate generator, line jet machine, chillers, plate exchanger and refrigeration pumps.
* Full working knowledge of fire alarm system, (ability to remove and reinstate points). * Full working knowledge of elevators, (ability to open elevator doors from outside, shut off bottom of pit safety devices and assist in extracting a person if needed). Ability to stay calm and have that calming effect on all persons involved.
* Ability to maintain inventories and assess needs and areas for repair.
Nobu Hotel Shoreditch is an equal opportunities employer.
In line with the requirements of the Asylum & Immigration Act 1996, all applicants must be eligible to live and work in the United Kingdom.
Documented evidence of eligibility will be required from candidates as part of the recruitment process.


Go to apply 

