Job Title = Technician

About the role Balfour Beatty has an exciting opportunity for a Technician to join our Highways team to work in Rockbeare, Devon.
What you'll be doing As a Technician, you will have the following responsibilities: * Identification of maintenance works * Identify works and create works orders * Provide safety information for works identified * Maintain programme of and undertake RMMS inspections, if applicable * Maintain RMMS data base, if applicable * Undertake Safety Inspections and Patrols, if applicable * Undertakes Routine and Specialist surveys including lamp scout as required * Carry out Inventory surveys when directed * Monitor works undertaken by workforce and subcontractors * Carry out site audits and field inspections * Act as Duty Officer for Winter Maintenance and Emergency Response * Maintain Roadspace requirements and Network Occupancy requirements, if applicable * Populate as NOMs as required * ESDAL and AIL Management, if applicable * Deputise for Route Manager when required * Assist with the production of the programme of works * Assist with Public and third party liaison * Assist with the production of TTROs * Assist with the coordination with HE and other HE areas and Local Authorities * Assist with the production of works estimates * Assist with the production of Carbon Calculator and Environmental KPIs Who we're looking for You will have the following qualities and experience: * Have a track record in network management of highway contracts * Have experience in specifying and execution of highway maintenance works * Have extensive experience in the inspection and maintenance of highway assets * Be committed to the business core values listed below * Competency (training may be applicable) * Full driving licence * CSCS1 * 12A/12B Safety Day (minimum) * Winter Maintenance Decision Maker * NOMs * RMMS Health and Safety Training CITB SSSTS * Environmental Training CIWM Waste Awareness Certificate Why work for us Day in, day out, our teams deliver amazing projects in challenging conditions; developing, managing and maintaining the vital infrastructure and public spaces that modern economies, societies and communities rely on.
About us Our Highways Business Unit maintain, manage and operate major highway networks across the UK and support local authorities creating communities where people want to live, work and play.
We provide high quality asset strategy, management and planning consultancy services to a wide range of public and private sector customers.
We also provide specialist, reliable, sustainable and creative advice for asset management planning and implementation in the UK.
We create safe, flexible and dynamic public spaces.
We are right at the heart of a vital place-shaping agenda that brings together local authorities, local communities, central government and the private sector.
The essential work is to keep daily life moving!
We value diversity and celebrate individual differences, believing that our inclusive culture helps the business continue to grow as a strong, dynamic and innovative organisation.
Balfour Beatty is a corporate signatory to WISE (Women in Science & Engineering) and a member of Stonewall's Diversity Champions programme.
Our aim is to attract more people from diverse backgrounds to help us build on our inclusive culture.
We are a member of the workingmums.co.uk Top Employers' Charter through which we demonstrate our commitment to enabling parents to progress and enhance their careers whilst managing the challenges of family life.
Balfour Beatty is also Gold Award holders in the Ministry of Defence 'Employer Recognition Scheme' and actively encourage applications from Armed Forces personnel, veterans and reservists.


Go to apply 

