Job Title = Engineer

Requisition Number: 74910
BASIC FUNCTION OF THE JOB
The Engineer is responsible for planning and designing solutions to meet client needs. Incumbents are accountable for defining processes for technical platforms, developing system specifications, and creating system interfaces and business applications.

WORK PERFORMED
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Essential Functions of the Job:
Design and coordinate large and complex projects.
Apply the principles of science and mathematics to develop economical solutions to technical problems.
Use systems analysis to design and diagram of all parts of a particular system.
Accountable for all facets of development of technical platforms, system specifications and system interfaces.
Coordinate efforts of other teammates involved in a project.
Perform troubleshooting analysis.
Document problems and resolution for future reference.
Monitor system performance and implements performance tuning.
Other duties as assigned.

MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS
Education and/or Experience:
Bachelor's Degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Information Technology or similar. Position requires 3-4 years hands on experience within similar industry. Familiarity with the following systems desirable: Windows, Cisco Systems, UNIX, Linux, Novell. Must be able to work with both ends of basic level testing as well as high level testing and documentation.

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES
Strong analytical abilities and professional office experience needed. Familiarity with large account environments and protocol required. Excellent troubleshooting skills needed. Must have the ability to keep current with alternative systems and technology and make technology recommendations to management consistent with the company's business and systems strategies. Must have the ability to multitask with strong organization and time management skills. Must be able to respond effectively to inquiries or complaints within a timely fashion.
The position described above provides a summary of some the job duties required and what it would be like to work at Insight. For a comprehensive list of physical demands and work environment for this position, click here.
Today, every business is a technology business. Insight Enterprises, Inc. empowers organizations of all sizes with Insight Intelligent Technology SolutionsTM and services to maximize the business value of IT. As a Fortune 500-ranked global provider of digital innovation, cloud/data center transformation, connected workforce, and supply chain optimization solutions and services, we help clients successfully manage their IT today while transforming for tomorrow. From IT strategy and design to implementation and management, our 6,800 employees help clients innovate and optimize their operations to run smarter. Discover more at insight.com.
Founded in 1988 in Tempe, Arizona
7,400+ teammates in 19 countries providing Intelligent Technology Solutions for organizations across the globe
$7.1 billion in revenue in 2018
Ranked #417 on the 2018 Fortune 500, #12 on the 2018 CRN Solution Provider 500
2018 Dell EMC Server Partner of the Year, 2018 Intel Retail Solution Partner of the Year, 2018 Microsoft Worldwide Artificial Intelligence Partner of the Year
Ranked #23 on the 2019 Fortune 50 Best Workplaces in Technology and #5 on the Phoenix Business Journal 2018 list of Best Places to Work (Extra Large Business)
Signatory of the United Nations (UN) Global Compact and Affiliate Member of the Responsible Business Alliance
Today's talent leads tomorrow's success. Learn about careers at Insight: jobs.insight.com.
Insight is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation or any other characteristic protected by law.
Posting Notes: Tampa Florida (US-FL) United States (US) None None US - Tampa, FL


Go to apply 

