Job Title = Engineer

Judson Smith is based just outside Boyertown, PA and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of ATW Companies and a leading manufacturer of metal tubular parts and machined components to custom specifications for the medical device, aerospace and automotive industries. Capabilities include Swiss Screw machine parts, laser cutting and welding, tube fabrication, CNC milling / turning, wire EDM and more.
The engineer plans and directs all aspects of mechanical engineering activities. Ensures all mechanical engineering projects, initiatives, and processes are in conformance with organization's established policies and objectives. Oversees the design of products such as tooling, instruments, controls, machines, etc. May oversee fabrication, operation, application, installation, and/or repair of mechanical products.
ACCOUNTABILITIES:
Develop, define and maintain process improvements; ability to simplify and resolve complex process issues.
Assists department goals with new projects such as machine design or robotics implementation.
Responsible for optimization and de-bottlenecking of processes
Assist manufacturing plant in throughput enhancement and efficiency improvements.
Conduct performance testing of product; measures product using approved methods and equipment.
Utilize statistical process control techniques for production control and setting product specification.
Create quality standard procedures and work instructions when necessary.
Responsible for testing and validation of product, process, package, and equipment changes.
Support customer qualification requirements
Assist project engineering with capital projects and process input.
Provide process engineering support on projects to all business functional groups
Practice safe work habits in accordance with OSHA, DEP and EPA guidelines.

QUALIFICATIONS:
BS mechanical engineering or related field
At least 3 years experience in a mechanical engineering role
Must be proficient with design software such as AutoCad or Solidworks
PLCs experience is preferred
Medical device experience is preferred
Lean experience is a plus
Travel <10%


Go to apply 

