Job Title = Engineer

Why American Express?
Theres a difference between having a job and making a difference.
American Express has been making a difference in peoples lives for over 160 years,backing them in moments big and small, granting access, tools, and resources to takeon their biggest challenges and reap the greatest rewards.
Weve also made a difference in the lives of our people, providing a culture of learningand collaboration, and helping them with what they need to succeed and thrive. Wehave their backs as they grow their skills, conquer new challenges, or even take time tospend with their family or community. And when theyre ready to take on a new careerpath, were right there with them, giving them the guidance and momentum into thebest future they envision.
Because we believe that the best way to back our customers is to back our people.
The powerful backing of American Express.
Dont make a difference without it.
Dont live life without it.
You wont just shape the world of software.
Youll shape the world of life, work and play.
Our Software Engineers not only understand how technology works, but how that technology intersects with the people who count on it every day. Today, innovative ideas, insight and new perspectives are at the core of how we create a more powerful, personal and fulfilling experience for all our customers. So if youre interested in a career creating breakthrough software and making an impact on an audience of millions, look no further.
You wont just keep up, youll break new ground.
There are hundreds of opportunities to make your mark on technology and life at American Express. Heres just some of what youll be doing:
Taking your place as a core member of an agile team driving the latest development practices
Writing code and unit tests, working with API specs and automation
Identifying opportunities for adopting new technologies
Leading a team of engineers that delivers knowledge management solutions to businesses worldwide

Qualifications

Are you up for the challenge?
Preferably a BS or MS degree in computer science, computer engineering, or other technical discipline
2+ years of software development experience with full development lifecycle
Ability to effectively interpret technical and business objectives and challenges and articulate solutions
Willingness to learn new technologies and exploit them to their optimal potential
At the core of Software Engineering
Every member of our team must be able to demonstrate the following technical, functional, leadership and business core competencies, including:
Agile Practices
Porting/Software Configuration
Programming Languages and Frameworks - Java, Spring, Vertx, React, full stack development
Business Analysis
Analytical Thinking
Business Product Knowledge Employment eligibility to work with American Expressin the U.S. is required as the company will not pursue visa sponsorship forthese positions.
ReqID: 19017381
Schedule (Full-Time/Part-Time): Full-time
Date Posted: Sep 24, 2019, 1:04:42 PM


Go to apply 

