Job Title = Engineer

Description SHIFT: Nights (rotating weekends)

SCHEDULE: Full-time

Healthcare Corporation of America (HCA) is a community of 94,000 Registered Nurses and 38,000 active physicians. We have over 1,900 facilities ranging from hospitals, freestanding ER’s, ambulatory surgery centers, and urgent care clinics. Our facility based staff continues to raise the bar in patient care. Ten HCA hospitals have been named in IBM Watson Health’s top 100 best-performing hospitals based on patient satisfaction and operational data.

Located in the outskirts of Washington, D.C, Reston Hospital Center, a 199-bed acute facility, lies within the vibrant Town Center of Reston, known for its lively mix of restaurants, shops, and services. Reston Hospital Center is an HCA (Hospital Corporation of America) facility making it a very secure and reputable facility to work with. HCA is one of the largest healthcare systems throughout the U.S, where healthcare employment opportunities are almost endless!

Reston Hospital Center holds certifications within our stroke and total joint center and is accredited in the chest pain center. Most importantly, Reston Hospital Center is dedicated to enhancing the health and quality of life in our community by putting patients first.

Our patients are our priority, but so are you!

Not only do our patients come first, but our employees do too! We provide a total compensation package to make sure your needs are met. Choose the medical coverage package that best suits you. Look after your loved ones while still getting paid with our Paid Family Leave. Plan for your future with our matching 401k or opt-in for several other benefits including tuition assistance, student loan repayment, family and medical flex spending accounts, life insurance, dental and identity theft protection.

HCA is dedicated to the growth and development of our colleagues. We will provide you the tools and resources you need to succeed in our organization. We are currently looking for an ambitious Engineer to help us reach our goals. Unlock your potential here!

Job Functions

Performs all assigned tasks in aprofessional manner as to reflect the highest integrity of the Plant Operationsand Maintenance Department.

Protects the asset value of facilityand plant equipment.

Assists in maintaining and repairingH.V.A.C. controls and associated equipment to maximize efficiency levels in allenvironmentally controlled areas.

Performs urgent corrective, routine,and requisitioned repairs of electrical, mechanical and plumbing systems asrequired.

Performs preventative maintenance onequipment and systems as required.

As required, assists in maintainingelectrical wiring and emergency generator systems. Inspects and tests equipment and/or systems.

Performs preventative maintenanceduties to all physical structures of Hospital and complies with all buildingsafety codes. This is to includefacility equipment and lighting systems as required.

Assist in replacing, installing,repairing and testing electrical circuits, equipment, appliances and lightingsystems as required.

Maintains routine records of allinspections, preventative maintenance and repairs performed on any equipment orsystem.

Assists in controlling and maintainingthe materials inventory, records and logs. Informs leader of material usage,low inventory levels and follows established stocking procedures.

Performs manual duties as requested(i.e., moving supplies or furniture, replacing light bulbs, removing trash orscrap material.)

Reads blueprints, schematic diagrams,interprets instructions, and prepares specifications.

Contributes to department performanceby initiating ideas for department improvements.

Help customers by responding to andreferring service requests.

Qualifications
QUALIFICATIONS
Education: Education in trade/technical/vocational training is preferred.
Experience: 2 years maintenance/Engineering work in a commercial setting, healthcare preferred. Must have working knowledge of heating, air conditioning, spot and central systems, electrical equipment and systems, and fuel and steam systems. Must be able to perform mechanical repairs and have a working knowledge of fire alarm and signal systems. Must be able to read blueprints, schematic diagrams, and interpret instructions. Must have thorough knowledge of how to use and maintain plant tools and equipment.

HOURS OF WORK
As scheduled by Department Director to ensure appropriate coverage of department services. Must be able to work weekends as scheduled. Participates in on-call requirements as per department policy.

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.


Go to apply 

