Job Title = Structural Engineer/Project Manager

We are seeking an experienced Structural Engineer with previous experience in bridge design, load ratings, and structural inspection for our Boise, Idaho office. This is a great opportunity to be a team player, enjoy variety in your workday, and propel your career to a new level. The successful candidate will assist with obtaining new clients, aid with structural inspections as needed while functioning as a Team Leader, and perform load ratings. A P.E. license is required.
TYPICAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties may be assigned.
Responsible for assisting in the identifying and cultivating of new businesses and clients.
Experience with bridge structures that include load ratings and repair design.
Assists in ensuring that external client focus is top priority of the region and those systems, processes, and activities that focus on the client at all levels of the region are implemented.
Keeps Manager informed of workload and any changes in project scope or additional services.
Responsible for small to moderately difficult projects from inception to completion.
Reviews, analyzes and provides recommendations on the field and/or design issues.
Provides technical engineering information such as the ability to independently perform moderately difficult engineering computations involving conventional engineering practices. Must ensure the project complies with all engineering standards, codes, specifications and design instructions.
Uses computer-assisted engineering and design software and equipment to prepare engineering and design documents.
Directs and supervises other engineers/inspectors.
Able to prepare complete bridge safety inspection reports or review inspection reports written by other engineers/inspectors.
Responsible for proposal preparation, estimating project costs, contract negotiations, project quality, and project profitability.
Prepare and monitor project budgets.
Responsible for project schedules and timely completion of projects.
Ensures accurate client billings, monitors outstanding account receivables and collection efforts for his/her projects.
Prepares forecasts of workload for assigned staff.
Ensures that staff needing specialized training in health and safety procedures and practices receives such training and that safety is discussed as an important aspect of their work.
Actively observes and acts in an appropriate manner related to safety.
Directs and supervises the work of entry-level engineers, technicians, drafters and administrative staff.
Serves as a project manager or project engineer on complex projects and as a designated client contact.
Be active in Technical societies.
Be available to attend meetings or events outside of normal working hours.
Knows how to perform his/her duties safely.
EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE:
Minimum of 4-7 years of bridge design or ancillary inspection experience
Bachelor's degree in civil engineering from an accredited four-year university
Successful completion of NHI Course #130055 Safety Inspection of In-Service Bridges preferred but not required
Prior experience in the design and/or construction of bridges a plus
Prior experience of bridge inspection and or top side projects preferred
Must be familiar with National Bridge Inspection Standards (NBIS)
Experience with AutoCAD and Microstation preferred
CERTIFICATES, LICENSES, REGISTRATIONS:
Professional Engineer (P.E.) required
PHYSICAL DEMANDS:
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit; stand; use hands to finger, handle, or feel objects, tools, or controls, reach with hands and arms, and talk or hear. The employee is occasionally required to walk, sit, climb or balance, and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee may be required to lift and/or move up to 25 pounds, and occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus.
While in the field, the employee may be required to walk in rugged conditions, work in adverse weather conditions, and stand up to eight hours or more at a time.
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
SAFETY:
Employee safety and security are critical parts in our core values. Accountability, attitude, communication, pro-active improvement, and teamwork ensure safe conditions and safe actions. All employees are expected to actively participate in the Collins Safety Program, and opportunities exist at all levels to serve on our Safety Committee. Safety, Health, and Environment are part of our company culture, and sincere involvement is required for all employees.
NOTICE TO THIRD PARTY AGENCIES:
Collins Engineers, Inc. does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters or employment agencies. In the event a recruiter or agency submits a resume or candidate without a previously signed agreement and approved engagement request, Collins Engineers, Inc. reserves the right to pursue and hire those candidate(s) without any financial obligation to the recruiter or agency. All unsolicited resumes received are the property of Collins Engineers, Inc.
Collins Engineers, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action/M/F/Vet/Disability Employer.

Permanent


Go to apply 

