Job Title = Technician

Description

Gem Mobile Treatments Services, an Evergreen North America company is a leading provider of environmental and industrial cleaning solutions to the downstream and midstream energy sectors. We are leaders in each of our respective service lines, including Vapor Control, Chemical Cleaning, Tank Cleaning, Water Treatment, Vacuum Services, Hydroblasting, Hydroexcavation, and Industrial Logistics & Transportation. We currently have openings at our La Porte, TX Branch.
Duties
Provides helper functions as directed for all services provided by the division. These services include, but are not limited to, hydroblasting chemical cleaning, vacuum and sewer truck operating, tank cleaning, dewatering and other work assignments. Performs work with a positive attitude and in a professional, safe manner.
Loads hoses, chemicals and other equipment required for assigned job onto truck. (Necessary materials to be designated by supervisor)
Hooks up and breaks down hoses using proper tools, gaskets and Teflon tape, when directed by supervisor.
Cleans up work area and equipment after work is completed. Assists in maintaining a safe, clean work place, change room, locker area and customer’s plant.
Assist in the inspection of equipment, hoses, connections, pumps and general work area prior to starting any job. Informs supervisor of deficiencies, which may cause accidents, injuries or lost productivity.
Reports to work on scheduled time. If unable to show up for assigned work, notifies supervisor no less than two (2) hours in advance of scheduled time. Wears company pager or near person at all times.
Wears the personnel protective equipment prescribed by posted signs, written instructions, and work permits. Also wears additional protective equipment specified by the supervisor or Customer Safety Department.
Promotes safety through own actions and work habits. Reports all accidents and near misses, involving self, company vehicles or other job personnel to supervisor immediately.
Performs Hazard Recognition Awareness to remove all hazards from the workplace.
Complies with all applicable rules, regulations, policies and procedures of the company and customer.
Performs all other duties as assigned by supervisor and management personnel.
Develops a basic working knowledge of all equipment that is utilized in performing assigned duties. Requirements
Understand verbal and written instructions.
Basic math skill.
Basic safety training skills.
Perform work in enclosed (confined) space, under close supervision.
Pass a medical and drug test.
Lift 50 pounds.
QUALIFICATIONS:
Educational: High school diploma or equivalent desired. Must be at least 18 years of age.


Go to apply 

