
This position is responsible for running, changing over, troubleshooting and maintaining all quality attributes of the packaging machine in an efficient and safe manner. JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
Adhere to safe work practices, follow GMP's, maintain sanitary conditions and ensure that product quality is maintained. Report to management any conditions or practices that may adversely affect food safety, food quality or personnel safety.
Adhere to all safety policies and procedures.
Running and maintaining packaging equipment and making appropriate adjustments as needed.
Inspect bags for proper seal integrity, weight, oxygen levels and verify proper coding on packages.
Provide proper documentation of all quality attributes.
Verifying that proper operational guidelines are followed both in cleaning and production activities.
Setting-up and operating the metal detector, scale and the coder.
Proper input of material usage into SAP.
Knowledge and use of TRM system.
Participate in mini-cleans.
Perform mini-PMs on multi-vacs.
Participate in CIP as assigned.
Effectively communicating relevant information to fellow employees on the shift and to on-coming employees at shift change.
General cleaning of equipment and maintaining good housekeeping throughout the department per the daily sanitation checklist.
Perform other duties as assigned. JOB QUALIFICATIONS EDUCATION:
High school diploma or general education degree (GED) or equivalent. EXPERIENCE LANGUAGE SKILLS:
Ability to read and comprehend simple instructions, short correspondence, and memos. Ability to write simple correspondence. Ability to effectively present information in one-on-one and small group situations. MATHEMATICAL SKILLS:
Ability to add, subtract, multiply, and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals. Ability to compute rate, ratio, and percent and to draw and interpret bar graphs. REASONING ABILITY:
Ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists. Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, and diagram or schedule form. PHYSICAL DEMANDS
Ability to lift up to 50lbs.
Ability to work in a wet and cold environment.
Standing for long periods of time.
The noise levels in the work environment will range from moderate to loud. Qualifications Behaviors Preferred Functional Expert : Considered a thought leader on a subject Team Player : Works well as a member of a group Detail Oriented : Capable of carrying out a given task with all details necessary to get the task done well Dedicated : Devoted to a task or purpose with loyalty or integrity Motivations Preferred Self-Starter : Inspired to perform without outside help Goal Completion : Inspired to perform well by the completion of tasks Ability to Make an Impact : Inspired to perform well by the ability to contribute to the success of a project or the organization Education Preferred
High School or better.

Permanent


Go to apply 

