Job Title = Technician

Are you looking for a professional work environment? Do you enjoy working in a team? Do you like driving? Do you enjoy working inside? Congratulations! You have come to the right place! JOIN our Grout Medic team and help us turn tile surfaces into a beautiful, stress-free zone for homeowners.

The Position:
The Grout Medic is a company dedicated to providing a safe and reliable work environment for all its employees. We offer employment year-round. The Grout Medic is looking for a full-time, high-quality Tile and Grout Technician with a natural work ethic, a positive/flexible attitude, and experience in the field. Our technicians are responsible for providing top notch services and positive customer experience for each of our valued clients.

About Us:
Everyone enjoys having a clean tile surface. There is work to be done – it takes service, maintenance and care to deliver the clean new look that our clients expect from their tiled surfaces. The Grout Medic is dedicated to restoring tile surfaces into what our clients dream it would be a beautiful, and stress-free zone. Outfitted with the latest technology and backed by the dedication and knowledge of a top-notch staff, our technicians in the field get the job done swiftly, thoroughly and the way you want leaving a sparkling clean surface in their wake.

DNA of a Top-Quality Grout Technician:
Positive Attitudes
Self Confident
Good Work Ethic
Willingness to Drive to and from Customers Homes
Detail Oriented & Reliable
A Smile - You're the Face of the Company!

Requirements:
We would prefer someone with at least six months experience working with grout and tile.
Be willing to submit to a nationwide background check.
Must be available to work 8:00 a.m. - 6:00 p.m. Monday through Friday with some potential weekend work.
Must have a valid driver's license without restrictions (you must have a license this is non-optional).
Ability to walk for long periods of time.
Able to lift a minimum of 50 pounds.
High proficiency with emailing, instant messaging and use of various electronic devices and applications for effective communication/information sharing.

Why The Grout Medic?
We provide a safe & happy work environment.
Quality paid training with our lead technicians.
No nights! But occasionally there may be some opportunities that require night work.
Paid Holidays
Paid Vacation
Competitive Wages

The Grout Medic is your solution to a worry-free tile restoration. We provide tile/grout cleaning, tile repair, regrouting, caulking, and minor repair services. The Grout Medic team is a nationwide franchise system of independent business owners who are dedicated to turning the tile restoration experience into a stress-free zone for their local customers. Bringing Grout & Tile Back to Life.

This franchise is independently owned and operated by a franchisee. Your application will go directly to the franchisee, and all hiring decisions will be made by the management of this franchisee. All inquiries about employment at this franchisee should be made directly to the franchisee, and not to The Grout Medic Corporate.


Go to apply 

