Job Title = Engineer

About our Company

We Make Hotels. Sydell Group builds and operates unique properties that are a reflection of their neighborhoods, a celebration of architecture and design, and a gathering place for visitors from near and far. Our hotels are collaborations among exceptional talent from the creative, culinary, and retail worlds, and our goal is to create travel experiences that offer inspiration and a sense of connection to our respective cities. Sydell Group's diverse portfolio of award-winning hotels include NoMad New York, Los Angeles and Las Vegas; The LINE LA, DC and Austin; Freehand Miami, Chicago, LA and New York; The Ned, London and Park MGM, Las Vegas; as well as the forthcoming NoMad London and LINE San Francisco.
We are seeking a dynamic Engineer to join our team. A successful candidate will have a genuine passion for the hospitality industry and an entrepreneurial spirit.
Responsibilities

Establish and maintain good communications and team work with fellow coworkers and other departments within the hotel
Ensure maintenance requests assigned to you are completed competently, with minimum disruption to hotel guests and coworkers within the assigned timeframe
Ensure all log books and record sheets are correctly completed and kept up to date prior to finishing your shift
Assist with maintenance operations including refrigeration, heating, plumbing, electrical, ice machines, lighting, kitchen equipment, IT/switch rooms, etc.
Inspect and maintain electrical equipment such as compressors, circulation pumps, filters, outlets, thermostats and ice machines
Assist with preventative maintenance and equipment maintenance in accordance with established timeframes
Ensures that all standby units are readily available for operation
Remain updated on all projects or activity status within the department
Repair wall coverings and paint throughout the hotel
Inspect, repair and replace safety equipment, fire hoses cabinets, water valves, fire extinguishers, fire escapes, etc.
Maintain an appropriate variety and quantity of engineering tools and supplies
Adhere to all standards of operations, policies and procedures, manuals, memos and verbal instructions
Ensures cleanliness and sanitation at the workplace
Be familiar with all safety and emergency procedures including OSHA requirements
Core Competencies

High School diploma or general education degree (GED)
Three (3) years related experience in hospitality or service industry preferred
Strong communication skills
Collaborative spirit
Ethical Conduct
Computer Proficiency: Microsoft Office, Opera PMS
Positive Attitude
Eye for Detail
Problem solving abilities

Compensation & Benefits
We offer competitive wages and benefits while fostering a diverse and inclusive work experience.
We thrive in being a diverse work environment. Consideration for employment will be based upon personal capabilities and qualifications without discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, or any other protected characteristic as established by law.
About our Brand

That colorful hotel in the desert, The Saguaro is a good time. It’s not that complicated. There’s plenty of sunshine, a buzzing pool scene and lots of local flavor.


Go to apply 

