
Kelly Services  – 
Durham, NC
... As a Press Assistant you will be responsible for maintaining proper market identification, checking mastheads, skid tickets ... Experience as a Machine Operator is a must! A high school diploma or GED is required. $12.85 per hour / 12 hour rotating ...
- Neuvoo, Oct 07

ResourceMFG  – 
Durham, NC, 27703
Resource MFG is looking forPrinting Press assistance in the Durham area. This position will be paying $12.85. Looking for candidates that has at least 3 years of Machine Operator background. Pay rate: $12.85 Shift: 7am -7pm 12 hours shift START UP ...
- Jobs2Careers, Sep 29

Kelly Services  – 
Durham, NC, 27713
... As a Press Assistant you will be responsible formaintaining proper market identification, checking mastheads, skid tickets ... Experience as a Machine Operator is a must! 
- Jobs2Careers, Oct 01

Micro Tech Staffing - North Carolina  – 
Raleigh, NC
2nd shift press brake operator needed for a busy company in the Raleigh area. Candidates need to have 2+ years of brake ... Making adjustments to the machine or tooling to correct mistakes. Clean background and drug screen required.
- ZipRecruiter, Sep 29

Kelly Services  – 
Durham, NC
... As a Press Assistant you will be responsible for maintaining proper market identification, checking mastheads, skid tickets ... Experience as a Machine Operator is a must! A high school diploma or GED is required. $12.85 per hour / 12 hour rotating ...
- DE Jobs, Sep 30

3C Packaging  – 
Clayton, NC, 27520
... for Quality Pull sheets every 1000 for verification of production run Assist with Press wash up, Preventive Maintenance and Maintenance Train the Assistant Press Operator and/or Feeder Operator Skills & Qualifications possess a minimum of 3 years ...
- Jobs2Careers, Oct 05

AtWork Group  – 
Raleigh, NC, 27601
Do you have a great skills as Machine Operator and would like to show them off with a growing company? Our client is looking for qualified Machine Operators who encompass the skill sets to help push production All qualified candidates are ask to ...
- Jobs2Careers, Oct 05

BelFlex Staffing Network  – 
Clayton, NC, 27520
Machine operator in Sub-Assembly department. In this position, you will work on our tubing machine. The machine takes straight tubing winds the tubing into a rolled package to be banded and packed for shipment.1st Shift MachineOperator in Sub ...
- Jobs2Careers, Oct 05

AtWork Group  – 
Raleigh, NC, 27610
Do you have a great skills as Machine Operator and would like to show them off with a growing company? Our client is looking for qualified Machine Operators who encompass the skill sets to help push production! All qualified candidates are ask to ...
- Jobs2Careers, Sep 30

Qualified Staffing  – 
Youngsville, NC
Our office in Youngsville is seeking a Machine Operator for a full-time opening Hours will be 7AM-7PM (either Monday-Thursday OR Tuesday-Friday) Pay for this position will be $14.50/hr Job description: The machine operator will be responsible for ...
- Neuvoo, Sep 30
