Job Title = Engineer

hift Engineer Nottingham (8 week rotating shifts - Days 6am to 2pm, Afternoons 2pm to 10pm and Nights 10pm to 6am) About Us When you join 2 Sisters, you will become part of the UK's largest food manufacturer, with an annual turnover of £3billion+, over 17,000 people and covering more than 20 sites.
This role sits within our Meals division, where we live by our mantra of 'Making Every Meal Moment Special'. We have 6 sites creating over 500 different products to feed our nation, from ready meals to iced fingers...we love our food and we love our people.
Our customers are at the heart of everything we do and we couldn't do it without our team.
It is a team where everyone counts...we empower you with trust and give you the freedom to deliver.
We 'do what we say' and accept accountability which allows our customers to trust us to create great tasting, innovative and quality meal solutions.
Role Overview As Maintenance Engineer you'll be integral in keeping production running in this fast paced environment.
You will report to the Site Engineering Manager and be part of a team of operating over days and night shifts.
You will react to responsive maintenance and scheduled PPM checks - including mechanical, electrical and PLC's (Siemens S7) on production and bakery equipment including packaging and wrapping machinery, mixers, dividers metal detectors and conveyors.
You will complete maintenance and engineering checklists/reports to high levels, therefore excellent PC skills are a must to achieve in this role.
You will also look at areas of improvement by initiating and suggesting Continuous Improvement strategies.
About you: * Ideally from a food production background or an FMCG production/manufacturing environment * Excellent knowledge of production equipment such as conveyors, wrappers, mixers and ovens etc.
* Experienced in electrical, mechanical and PLC's (Siemens S7) fault finding/repair * Experience of maintaining drives and invertors.
* Fully conversant of Health & Safety legislation's * PC/IT competent - Excel, Word etc.
* Able to prioritise workloads * Personable - outgoing and good communicator * Happy to work shifts including nights and weekends


Go to apply 

