
Knowledge
High school diploma/GED is preferred but not required.
Minimum of 6 months of experience in manufacturing and/or assembling is required.
Working knowledge of basic math.
Must be at least 18 years of age.
Skills and abilities
Ability to work in a safe manner
Ability to recognize quality of material
Demonstrates ability to perform LOTO
Demonstrates ability to follow specific instructions and directions
Demonstrate ability to use and operate hand tools
Demonstrate ability to stack material properly
Ability to pay attention to surroundings
Ability to identify safety issues in their work area, and notice equipment malfunctions
Ability to understand basic verbal and written instructions in English.
Ability to read a tape measure
Ability to troubleshoot the machine or equipment in use.
Demonstrate eye-hand coordination
Ability to work under immediate supervision
Ability to pass a drug test
Ability to work hours mandated by management
Conduct
Safety conscious
Team player and goal oriented
Open to change and positive attitude
Committed to plant and company goals
Participates in Safety and CI programs
Punctual and reliable

Looks for ways to improve productivity and department results

Secures and maintains material and supplies required on the operation.
Completes work area set up.
Operates and feeds the machine in a safe and efficient manner, and according to established procedures.
Stacks completed products in accordance with established procedures, and if required, may cover, label and band components/finished product.
Ensures work area is safe, clean and organized, and that equipment is safe to operate.
Completes pre-shift/startup equipment inspection checklist and reports any problems or concerns.
Maintains a clean and orderly work environment.
Maintains production records as required.
Checks materials and finished products to ensure compliance with standards.
Performs duties consistent with established safety and quality procedures, rules, and standards.
Participates in safety, CI and other programs and meetings.
Performs other duties as assigned.
Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled


Go to apply 

