Job Title = Engineer

Description

JOB OVERVIEW: Perform general maintenance work to ensure hotel maintenance quality standards are achieved and maintained.

ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS

1. Assist with preventative maintenance and complete report work orders such as replacing ceiling tiles, light bulbs, patching vinyl, etc., to maintain the hotel and keep the product quality standard.

2. Perform preventative maintenance assignments on a scheduled basis (e.g., "room care").

3. Assist in checking electrical systems such as air conditioning controls, television sets, lighting systems, and make minor repairs and/or replacement.

4. Assist in checking and making routine repairs and assist on major repairs of all hotel equipment including small appliances, kitchen equipment, laundry equipment, boilers, pool equipment, HVAC, hand and power tools and general plumbing systems and fixtures such as pipe lines, toilets and sinks, kitchen and laundry equipment.

5. Service the hotel's pool, including adjusting chemicals and cleaning filters; completing maintenance request forms and record logs.

6. Maintain the building exterior and "curb appeal" (e.g., snow removal, lawn care, painting, gardening).

7. Refurbish furniture and fixtures within guest rooms such as cabinets, tables, chairs, doors windows and counters. Paint and finish furniture and fixtures if needed.

8. Respond in a courteous manner to all guest questions, complaints, and/or requests to ensure strong guest satisfaction.

9. Exposure to extreme temperatures.

10. Operation of heavy machinery.

11. Comply with attendance rules and be available to work on a regular basis.

12. Perform any other job related duties as assigned.

QUALIFICATIONS:

1. Must have the ability to communicate in English.
2. Self-starting personality with an even disposition.
3. Maintain a professional appearance and manner at all times.
4. Can communicate well with guests.
5. Must be willing to "pitch-in" and help co- workers with their job duties and be a team player. 6. Climbing, reading, standing, walking and routinely lifting 25 lbs to 50 lbs.
7. Must be able to receive instructions and communicate progress of work assignments.


Go to apply 

