Job Title = Engineer

Advocate Illinois Masonic Medical Center, located on Chicago s North Side, is one of the state s largest, most comprehensive nonprofit medical centers. Illinois Masonic Medical Center offers a wide range of medical specialties and is nationally recognized for its medical expertise, use of the most innovative technologies and dedication to patient safety, quality and service. A commitment to community, medical education and ongoing clinical research affirms our mission of providing patients the highest quality care in Chicagoland, as illustrated by our many honors, including being named a 100 Top Hospital by Truven Health Analytics.
It's More Than a Job, It's a Calling!
Position: Engineer
Location: Lutheran General hospital, Park Ridge
PRN/Registry - scheduled on call, as needed; all shifts--looking for someone willing to work any shift as needed
Purpose:
The Maintenance Engineer performs a variety of specialized electrical, mechanical~HVAC and clinical repairs. Each individual possesses a specific expertise in at least one of the tradecrafts with a working knowledge in other pertinent areas.
Position Requirements:
High school graduate or equivalent, plus training required for stationary engineers license.
Three years of experience working with boilers, pumps, H.V.A.C. systems and associated equipment in a large institution or major facility or equivalent education.
Skilled in the proper use of power tools and test equipment
Specifics in one trade
General knowledge of maintenance, repairs, installations and procedures
Current City of Chicago, City of Elgin or National Institute for the Uniform Licensing of Power Engineers (NIULPE) stationary engineers license.
Current State of Illinois driver's license
Ability to travel.
Ability to walk, climb, push, pull, bend, and reach.
May be exposed to hazardous materials and toxic substances.
Ability to work in extreme cold or hot working conditions and confined spaces.
Ability to work on electrical circuits up to 220 VAC.
Ability to work rotating shifts and day of the week including holidays.
Ability to lift up to 35 pounds without assistance. For patient lifts of over 35 pounds, or when patient is unable to assist with the lift, patient handling equipment is expected to be used, with at least one other associate, when available. Unique patient lifting/movement situations will be assessed on a case~by~case basis.
Accountabilities:
General maintenance activities for all AMG buildings and practice sites.
Moving/relocation duties
Timely response to emergency requests for service
Coordination of work activities with requesting entities
Documentation of work activities
About Advocate Health Care
Advocate Health Care, named among the nation s Top 5 large health systems based on quality by Truven Analytics, is the largest health system in Illinois and one of the largest health care providers in the Midwest. Advocate operates more than 250 sites of care, including 12 hospitals that encompass 11 acute care hospitals, the state s largest integrated children s network, the state s largest emergency and Level I trauma network, one of the area s largest home health care companies, and the region s largest medical group. Advocate Health Care has 4 teaching hospitals and is a not-for-profit, mission-based health system affiliated with the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America and the United Church of Christ.


Go to apply 

