Job Title = Engineer

Description

Crescent Hotels & Resorts - A Premier Hotel Management Company
4500 MacArthur Blvd. Newport Beach CA 92660

Hotel Overview
At Renaissance Newport Beach we believe every traveler should get everything they expect from business travel, in a slightly less expected way. We help our travelers discover genuine local experiences that don't just create stories, but feed the curiosity of guests who see business as only a part of their trip. That's the idea behind everything we do. From daily events like live gigs and mixology classes to local experts called Navigators, our focus is on helping travelers make the most out of their trip and how they do business. At the Renaissance Newport Beach, it's our job to make our traveler's trip a little less expected and a lot more memorable.

Hotel Benefits
As a Crescent managed hotel, our property offers the following benefits for full time associates:
* Paid time off after 90 days of service, the associate starts accruing after day one
* Vacation time after 6 months of service, the associate starts accruing after day one
* Holiday Pay after 90 days of service
* Benefits - Medical, Dental, and Vision
* Annual Review & Merit Salary increases
* 401k after six months of service
* Customer service based incentive programs
* Tuition Reimbursement
* A complimentary lunch buffet is provided daily by the hotel

Position Description
This is a full time schedule that requires availability to work weekends and holidays.

RATE OF PAY: $18.00 per hour

As an Engineer on Duty, Perform general maintenance work to ensure hotel maintenance quality standards are achieved and maintained.

Assist with preventative maintenance and complete report work orders such as replacing ceiling tiles, light bulbs, patching vinyl, etc., to maintain the hotel and keep the product quality standard.

Perform preventative maintenance assignments on a scheduled basis (e.g., "room care").

Assist in checking electrical systems such as air conditioning controls, television sets, lighting systems, and make minor repairs and/or replacement.

Assist in checking and making routine repairs and assist on major repairs of all hotel equipment including small appliances, kitchen equipment, laundry equipment, boilers, pool equipment, HVAC, hand and power tools and general plumbing systems and fixtures such as pipe lines, toilets and sinks, kitchen and laundry equipment.

Service the hotel's pool, including adjusting chemicals and cleaning filters; completing maintenance request forms and record logs.

Maintain the building exterior and "curb appeal" (e.g., snow removal, lawn care, painting, and gardening).

Refurbish furniture and fixtures within guest rooms such as cabinets, tables, chairs, doors windows and counters. Paint and finish furniture and fixtures if needed.

Respond in a courteous manner to all guest questions, complaints, and/or requests to ensure strong guest satisfaction.

Exposure to extreme temperatures.

Operation of heavy machinery.

Comply with attendance rules and be available to work on a regular basis.

Perform any other job related duties as assigned.

Position Requirements
Must have the ability to communicate in English.
Self-starting personality with an even disposition.
Maintain a professional appearance and manner at all times.
Can communicate well with guests.
Must be willing to "pitch-in" and help co- workers with their job duties and be a team player. Climbing, reading, standing, walking and routinely lifting 25 lbs. to 50 lbs.
Must be able to receive instructions and communicate progress of work assignments.

Position Requirements
Must have the ability to communicate in English.
Self-starting personality with an even disposition.
Maintain a professional appearance and manner at all times.
Can communicate well with guests.
Must be willing to "pitch-in" and help co- workers with their job duties and be a team player. Climbing, reading, standing, walking and routinely lifting 25 lbs. to 50 lbs.
Must be able to receive instructions and communicate progress of work assignments.


Go to apply 

