Job Title = Engineer

About ORMC:
Odessa Regional Medical Center was founded in 1975 by 14 obstetricians, pediatricians, and family practitioners as Odessa Womens and Childrens Hospital. Through the years, the hospital grew and evolved into a full-service healthcare facility and the name was changed to Odessa Regional Hospital in 1995.
In June 2007, Odessa Regional Hospital purchased Alliance Hospital and changed its name to Odessa Regional Medical Center to reflect its larger campus and more comprehensive services. In 2015, ORMC acquired Basin Healthcare Center. The hospital has 225 beds and has approximately 250 physicians on staff and has over 700 employees.
Today, ORMC offers a wide spectrum of healthcare services, including advanced diagnostic imaging technology, emergency care, innovative surgical procedures, maternity care, comprehensive cardiac services and general medical care.
About Shift:
Days - 8am - 5pm - some call - some weekends - some holidays required
About the Position:
Assists in the performance of duties necessary to keep the physical structure and associated equipment of hospital in good repair. Minor electrical work, mechanical repairs and other duties relating to maintenance are the primary duties. Participates in performance improvement activities. Provides service to age range from neonate to geriatric.
Experience in Electricity, HVAC, Plumbing, and General Maintenance required.
Regulatory Requirements:
High school diploma or general equivalency diploma (GED); or three to six (3-6) months related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Language Skills:

Ability to communicate effectively in English, both verbally and in writing.

Additional languages preferred.
Skills:

Basic computer knowledge.

Ability to add, subtract, multiply and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions and decimals.

Ability to apply commonsense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral or diagram form.

Ability to deal with problems involving several concrete variables in standardized situations.
Physical Demands:
For physical demands of position, including vision, hearing, repetitive motion and environment, see following description.
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of the position without compromising patient care.


Go to apply 

