
Tasks (Description of main tasks) Operate a group of production machines to achieve specified levels of quality and production standards.
Maintain machines, including preventive maintenance, including disposal of swarf from waste tanks to assure a high standard of operating efficiency.
Move work to and from work area as required.
Keep accurate records of production output.
Assist set-up operator as required.
Keep work area clean and orderly.
Assist in other duties as required by supervisor.
Work under direction and follow established practice and clear-cut policy in performing majority of duties.
Make decisions when general instructions, established methods and clearly defined precedents indicate action to be taken, but refer unusual problems to supervisor.
Requirements Additional knowledge on the order of: Decimals & using arithmetic involving decimals; Comprehension of simple drawings, charts or diagrams.
Equivalent to partial (technical) high school education; or comparable brief shop training.
Frequent lifting of up to 50 lbs unassisted.
Excess of 50 lbs.
assistance required.
Frequent loading and unloading of machines.
Considerable amount of pushing and pulling.
Operate overhead hoist, high degree of hand eye coordination required due to closeness of machines and overhead wiring.
Ability to read and follow instructions, procedures and route cards.
Must be able to use measuring devices.
3 - 6 months experience Why Kelly ® ? As a worker today, it’s up to you to take charge of your career and look for opportunities to learn, grow, and achieve your potential.
Helping you find what’s next is what we’re all about.
We know what’s going on in the evolving world of work—just ask the nearly 500,000 people we employ each year.
Connecting with us means getting the support, guidance, and opportunities needed to take your career where you may have never imagined.
About Kelly ® At Kelly, we’re always thinking about what’s next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential.
In fact, we’re a leading advocate for temporary/nontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enable a better way to work and live.
Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide variety of workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world.
Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce, including, but not limited to, minorities, females, individuals with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual orientation, gender identity.
Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law.


Go to apply 

