
1.Receives work order to determine product to be produced and ensures materials are on hand.
2.Operates machine using Good Manufacturing Practices with regard to food production, following specified formulas.
3.Able to run all machines in assigned department.
4.Able to demonstrate all safety procedures and point out all emergency stops.
5.Performs QC testing that becomes a required procedure for production personnel, taking samples and monitoring product quality and safety documentation.
6.Directs crew members toward meeting production goals.
7.Ensures all HACCP documentation and checks are performed as prescribed.
8.Directs packagers in the proper procedures for packaging the product being produced.
9.Performs sanitation of the line daily according to GMPs, communicating specific sanitation duties to all crew members.
10.Verifies, tracks, and reports daily all raw materials used and rework.
11.Schedules crew member breaks and communicates areas of responsibility.
12.Performs 5S audits and alerts Supervisor to any deficiencies.
Requirements The employee is regularly required to walk; reach with hands and arms; and stoop, kneel, crawl, climb or crouch.
The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 50 pounds.
Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision.
Why Kelly ® ? As a worker today, it’s up to you to take charge of your career and look for opportunities to learn, grow, and achieve your potential.
Helping you find what’s next is what we’re all about.
We know what’s going on in the evolving world of work—just ask the nearly 500,000 people we employ each year.
Connecting with us means getting the support, guidance, and opportunities needed to take your career where you may have never imagined.
About Kelly ® At Kelly, we’re always thinking about what’s next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential.
In fact, we’re a leading advocate for temporary/nontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enable a better way to work and live.
Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide variety of workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world.
Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce, including, but not limited to, minorities, females, individuals with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual orientation, gender identity.
Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law.


Go to apply 

