
Kelly Services in partnership with Arconic is seeking experienced Machine operator for 3rd shift Position will set-up, operate assorted machines Maintain all quality and production records and assist with training as required.
Essential Functions Perform machine set-up and wheel changes in assigned workstation within standard set-up times Maintain all quality and production records including tooling calibration, daily walk around, etc Maintain productivity, utilization, schedule and quality records and comply with all standards Perform inspection of non-certified operators Skills and Abilities: Use of addition, subtraction, multiplication and division of numbers including decimal and fractions; simple use of formulas, charts tables, drawings, specifications, schedules, writing diagrams, computer scanning devices, use of adjustable measuring instruments; checking of reports, forms, records and comparable data; interpretation is required involving basic skills knowledge.
Ability to plan, perform and make decisions as to the sequence of set-ups, operations and processes Ability to interpret and follow instructions, prescribed routines, methods and practices Requirements High school diploma or GED ability to read drawings/blueprints Ability to train on 1st shift for up to 3 months Highlights Potential temp to hire based on but not limited to: Production needs Attendance Performance Why Kelly ® ? As a worker today, it’s up to you to take charge of your career and look for opportunities to learn, grow, and achieve your potential.
Helping you find what’s next is what we’re all about.
We know what’s going on in the evolving world of work—just ask the nearly 500,000 people we employ each year.
Connecting with us means getting the support, guidance, and opportunities needed to take your career where you may have never imagined.
About Kelly ® At Kelly, we’re always thinking about what’s next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential.
In fact, we’re a leading advocate for temporary/nontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enable a better way to work and live.
Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide variety of workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world.
Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce, including, but not limited to, minorities, females, individuals with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual orientation, gender identity.
Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law.


Go to apply 

