
Looking for a great opportunity?
Kelly Services is partnering with a local Green Bay company seeking Machine Operators on all shifts!
Responsible for operating and ensuring that the machine is running at optimum level.
This position monitors all physical characteristics, tests and results, taking corrective actions as needed to manufacture a quality product.
It is the expectation that the operator will independently operate a level 1 machine, or two work centers, or be a part of a crew on a level 2 or higher machine.
Core Responsibilities: - Ability to listen to and follow instructions - Have the physical ability to perform manual labor; lift and carry a minimum of 45 lbs, climb, bend, etc.
- Have a good work, safety, performance and attendance record - Follow all safety procedures, including and not limited to: LOTO, machine guarding, PPE - Maintain good housekeeping practices - Set up machine and make necessary changes to ensure quality material is produced - Identify and solve immediate, or short-term machine quality, waste, delay and safety issues - Enter all necessary data into computer system - Operate stretch wrapper - Ability to operate forklift or other lift equipment is desired - All other tasks as assigned Required Experience - Manufacturing knowledge is preferred.
Pay based upon level of experience.
Potential for permanent hire for the right candidate.
Helping you find what’s next is what we’re all about.
We know what’s going on in the evolving world of work—just ask the nearly 500,000 people we employ each year.
Connecting with us means getting the support, guidance, and opportunities needed to take your career where you may have never imagined.
About Kelly ® At Kelly, we’re always thinking about what’s next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential.
In fact, we’re a leading advocate for temporary/nontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enable a better way to work and live.
Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide variety of workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world.
Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce, including, but not limited to, minorities, females, individuals with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual orientation, gender identity.
Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law.


Go to apply 

