Job Title = Technician

Title: Technician - 2nd Shift
Location: Tawas, Michigan

This technician will be responsible for the set up and monitoring of the Coating Machines. The Main responsibility is to prepare the coating system, load, unload the chamber, change the magnetic systems and input process parameters in the operator screen. This Individual will pre-treat a variety of customer products using standardized methods to prepare products for coating. Person will use analytical thinking and a high-degree of creativity to oversee and assemble chamber loads based on customer specifications. As part of his/her regular responsibilities, this person will make critical processing decisions, to initiate the coating process as well as be responsible for disassembling and reconfiguring the chamber for subsequent loads.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Perform daily changeover maintenance of pre/post treatment equipment
Optimize the daily use of production equipment
Follow standard procedures and interpret customer work instructions
Work with Quality Coordinator and Center Manager to identify and address quality concerns
Providing training and assistance to other employees on equipment operation and maintenance
Learn new skills and Cross-train into various departments
Operating and maintaining coating equipment according to specifications
Minimizing equipment downtime through preventative maintenance procedures
Learning fixturing and defixturing techniques
Maintaining and updating equipment records
Assisting with quality assurance and other technical matters as required
Performing other duties as required to assure customer satisfaction
Interact with customers and co-workers in a ‘customer-friendly’ manner
Receive and inspect customer product for processing
Establish product process sequence
Inspect finished product

Minimum Qualifications Required (Education/Skills/Experience):
High school diploma or equivalent
2-4 years of previous experience in HVAC, carpentry, automotive/industrial equipment repair, or construction preferred
Knowledge of cutting tools (e.g., drills, etc.)
Previous experience with coating techniques, blasting, or plating strongly desired
Individual must have strong work ethic, be detail-oriented, and creative
Must be comfortable working with hands and be able to lift 30lbs

About us
Oerlikon is a leading global technology Group, with a clear strategy of becoming a global powerhouse in Surface Solutions, advanced materials and materials processing. The Group is committed to investing in value-bringing technologies that provide customers with lighter, more durable materials that are able to increase performance, improve efficiency and reduce the use of scarce resources. A Swiss company with over 100 years of tradition, Oerlikon has a global footprint of over 15 000 employees at 186 locations in 37 countries and sales of CHF 2.85 billion. Sustaining growth and improving profitability in 2018: order intake to increase up to CHF 3.4 billion, sales to around CHF 3.2 billion, and the EBITDA margin to improve to around 15 % (after investments).
Oerlikon Balzers develops processes and systems for the coating of tools, components and decorative plastic elements. Comprising 106 locations in 34 countries, Balzers global network of coating centers is daily dedicated to further improving component performance and tooling productivity through coating technology. Join us and become a part of our future oriented, international team! We have a great benefits package including medical insurance, dental and vision, tuition reimbursement, health and wellness benefits, and 401(K).
Statement of Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action: Oerlikon Balzers is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. It is the policy of Oerlikon Balzers to provide for and promote equal employment opportunity in employment compensation and other terms and conditions of employment without discrimination based on age, race, creed, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, disability, marital status, Vietnam Era Veteran status, genetic predisposition, or carrier status. Oerlikon Balzers is committed to assuring equal employment opportunity and equal access to services, programs and activities for individuals with disabilities. It is the policy of our company to provide reasonable accommodation to a qualified individual with a disability to enable such individual to perform the essential functions of the position for which he/she is applying or in which he/she is employed. Further, it is our policy to provide reasonable accommodation for religious observers.
The policy applies to all employment practices and actions. It includes, but is not limited to, recruitment, job application process, examination and testing, hiring, training, disciplinary actions, rate of pay or other compensation, advancement, classification, transfer, reassignment and promotions. If you require an accommodation during the application process or for issues concerning Affirmative Action/Equal Employment Opportunity please contact Human Resources.
*CA
*EQOB


Go to apply 

