
Kelly Services is seeking a skilled Machine Operator for our Roswell GA client: Pay: 20.00 HR Long Term Temp: Thru 8 - 2020 Location: Roswell GA Shift: 8 a - 5 pm The individual will conduct hands-on work with industrial scale pilot equipment.
A variety of experiments or trials are conducted each week with the goal of developing new innovations for well-known products such as Huggies, Pull-Ups, Kotex, Depend, Kimtech Apparel, and WypAll wipers.
There is an expectation that the individual will gain deep knowledge of the machine over time, enabling them to troubleshoot, perform basic maintenance, and make recommendations on process adjustments for successful trials.
Daily responsibilities include : - Heat up of equipment and raw material preparation - Discussion of trial plan with researcher - Running trials, adjusting process settings and troubleshooting issues as needed - Packaging of trial materials produced - Cool down of equipment and clean-up of work area Standard hours are Monday Thursday, 7:00am 5:30pm.
At times, there is overtime after 5:30 or on Fridays.
Responsibilities: Operate and maintain pilot-scale manufacturing equipment Comply with facility and asset safety rules Participate in facility and asset safety initiatives Effectively troubleshoot issues, solve problems and take corrective actions Contribute to evaluations, conclusions, and recommendations in regard to experiments and projects Communicate project information with appropriate people in a timely manner Work as a member of a Research & Engineering team Assist on technical programs contributing in an area of specialization Generate new, workable ideas, methods, and concepts Basic Qualifications: Requirements Kelly Services is seeking a skilled Machine Operator for our Roswell GA client: Pay: 20.00 HR Long Term Temp: Thru 8 - 2020 Location: Roswell GA Shift: 8 a - 5 pm The individual will conduct hands-on work with industrial scale pilot equipment.
A variety of experiments or trials are conducted each week with the goal of developing new innovations for well-known products such as Huggies, Pull-Ups, Kotex, Depend, Kimtech Apparel, and WypAll wipers.
There is an expectation that the individual will gain deep knowledge of the machine over time, enabling them to troubleshoot, perform basic maintenance, and make recommendations on process adjustments for successful trials.
Daily responsibilities include : - Heat up of equipment and raw material preparation - Discussion of trial plan with researcher - Running trials, adjusting process settings and troubleshooting issues as needed - Packaging of trial materials produced - Cool down of equipment and clean-up of work area Standard hours are Monday Thursday, 7:00am 5:30pm.
At times, there is overtime after 5:30 or on Fridays.
Responsibilities: Operate and maintain pilot-scale manufacturing equipment Comply with facility and asset safety rules Participate in facility and asset safety initiatives Effectively troubleshoot issues, solve problems and take corrective actions Contribute to evaluations, conclusions, and recommendations in regard to experiments and projects Communicate project information with appropriate people in a timely manner Work as a member of a Research & Engineering team Assist on technical programs contributing in an area of specialization Generate new, workable ideas, methods, and concepts Basic Qualifications: Why Kelly ® ? As a worker today, it’s up to you to take charge of your career and look for opportunities to learn, grow, and achieve your potential.
Helping you find what’s next is what we’re all about.
We know what’s going on in the evolving world of work—just ask the nearly 500,000 people we employ each year.
Connecting with us means getting the support, guidance, and opportunities needed to take your career where you may have never imagined.
About Kelly ® At Kelly, we’re always thinking about what’s next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential.
In fact, we’re a leading advocate for temporary/nontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enable a better way to work and live.
Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide variety of workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world.
Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce, including, but not limited to, minorities, females, individuals with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual orientation, gender identity.
Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law.


Go to apply 

