
Kelly Services is pleased to partner with our client in Exton, PA who is currently looking for a 1st shift Machine Operator to work in their facility in Exton, PA.
This position is Full Time, Monday thru Friday 8am until 5pm with a pay rate of $16 per hour.
In this position you will be responsible for the following: -Loading samples into the machine -Operate the machinery while playing close attention to detail -Additional responsibilities as assigned - Requirements -comfortable working in an office like environment -Strong attention to detail -The ability to take direction well and to follow instructions -Previous manufacturing experience preferred Highlights If interested in this great opportunity, please submit your resume directly to this posting or email your resume to Why Kelly ® ? As a worker today, it’s up to you to take charge of your career and look for opportunities to learn, grow, and achieve your potential.
Helping you find what’s next is what we’re all about.
We know what’s going on in the evolving world of work—just ask the nearly 500,000 people we employ each year.
Connecting with us means getting the support, guidance, and opportunities needed to take your career where you may have never imagined.
About Kelly ® At Kelly, we’re always thinking about what’s next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential.
In fact, we’re a leading advocate for temporary/nontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enable a better way to work and live.
Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide variety of workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world.
Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce, including, but not limited to, minorities, females, individuals with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual orientation, gender identity.
Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law.


Go to apply 

