
Responsible for understanding the Quality Management System.
effectively maintains quality system.
Knows and follows all safety requirements.
Knows and follows all safety requirements.
Learn and understand processes and satisfactorily completes training provided by more experienced machinists, shift leads or Production Manager.
Learn and understand how to operate production machinery of moderate complexity, maintain machines as necessary.
Keep critical machinery and assemblies operating as assigned by Supervisor.
Basic mathematical skills required.
Ability to speak and understand English language.
Must be flexible with work schedule.
Minimum Job Requirements High School diploma or GED required 0-2 years related machining experience, education and/or training.
Maintain a clean work area and personal appearance, daily shift cleaning required.
Works well as a member of the team.
Why Kelly ® ? As a worker today, it’s up to you to take charge of your career and look for opportunities to learn, grow, and achieve your potential.
Helping you find what’s next is what we’re all about.
We know what’s going on in the evolving world of work—just ask the nearly 500,000 people we employ each year.
Connecting with us means getting the support, guidance, and opportunities needed to take your career where you may have never imagined.
About Kelly ® At Kelly, we’re always thinking about what’s next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential.
In fact, we’re a leading advocate for temporary/nontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enable a better way to work and live.
Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide variety of workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world.
Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce, including, but not limited to, minorities, females, individuals with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual orientation, gender identity.
Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law.


Go to apply 

