
Kelly Services is hiring Machine Operators in Ames, Iowa These are 10 hour shifts Monday- Thursday 6:00 AM- 4:30 PM $15.40 HR Machine Operator (Contract) - Core Responsibilities Operate various mixing, filling and packaging equipment including; liquid filling machines, bulk powder blenders, Induction mixers, pumps.
Follow mix ticket instructions to accurately weigh and add raw materials to batches.
Follow instructions on fill tickets when packaging product.
Observe machine operations to ensure quality and conformity of filled or packaged products, completing all finished good quality checks as required on batch ticket.
Assist, and when necessary lead fellow operators.
Record necessary data on all batch tickets.
Comply with all safety regulations and maintain a safe work environment at all times.
Continually maintain plant and work environment for cleanliness and organization.
#herojobs Highlights Kelly offers benefits!
401k Insurance including medical and dental PerkSpot discounts on your favorite brands ...and more!
Why Kelly ® ? As a worker today, it’s up to you to take charge of your career and look for opportunities to learn, grow, and achieve your potential.
Helping you find what’s next is what we’re all about.
We know what’s going on in the evolving world of work—just ask the nearly 500,000 people we employ each year.
Connecting with us means getting the support, guidance, and opportunities needed to take your career where you may have never imagined.
About Kelly ® At Kelly, we’re always thinking about what’s next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential.
In fact, we’re a leading advocate for temporary/nontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enable a better way to work and live.
Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide variety of workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world.
Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce, including, but not limited to, minorities, females, individuals with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual orientation, gender identity.
Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law.


Go to apply 

