
Kelly Services is Hiring for Machine Operators in Tinley Park 1st, 2nd and 3rd shift available.
' Temp-to-Hire 13/hr JOB DUTIES: -Operating machines to make temporary flooring -Shrink wrapping pallets -Lifting up to 50 lbs consecutively -Trained to operate sit down forklift, no prior experience required -Warehouse experience preferred -Making boxes, placing products in boxes, taping boxes shut, placing labels in appropriate locations Why work here?
-Stable work schedule, working Monday thru Friday on 1st, 2nd or 3rd shift, plus overtime.
-Kelly Employees will have the opportunity to get hired by our client -Over 160 Kelly Employees have moved into full-time positions over the past 3 years.
-You will receive on the job training which will allow you to take your manufacturing career to the next level.
Please Contact Molly Saban at or Dial Option 1 Why Kelly ® ? As a worker today, it’s up to you to take charge of your career and look for opportunities to learn, grow, and achieve your potential.
Helping you find what’s next is what we’re all about.
We know what’s going on in the evolving world of work—just ask the nearly 500,000 people we employ each year.
Connecting with us means getting the support, guidance, and opportunities needed to take your career where you may have never imagined.
About Kelly ® At Kelly, we’re always thinking about what’s next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential.
In fact, we’re a leading advocate for temporary/nontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enable a better way to work and live.
Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide variety of workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world.
Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce, including, but not limited to, minorities, females, individuals with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual orientation, gender identity.
Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law.


Go to apply 

