Job Title = Full Stack Engineer

Who We Are
Empirix is a leading provider of customer-centric business solutions. We provide a unified view of end-to-end user behavior and communications across networks. Service providers and enterprises worldwide rely on Empirix to accelerate new revenue, while optimizing operational costs, user experience, and customer loyalty. Our innovative solutions portfolio delivers business analytics, proactive testing, and monitoring to transform customer, network, and service behaviors into real-time actionable intelligence.
The Role
The Full Stack Software Engineer is a key position where you will be part of a small, but growing team having a significant impact on our culture and direction of our technology offerings. Here at Empirix, we value code quality, a passion and curiosity for coding and technology, and expect our engineers to take ownership and responsibility for everything we deliver.
Our solutions comprise of software components currently written with C++,Java, .NET, AngularJS, Javascript, HTML5, and CSS and hosted in private cloud or on premise. We also utizlize MS SQL data stores and evaluating NoSQL DB

We have a number of internal projects that we support for the core business, but our primary product is Hammer that generates about 40 million phone calls per year for performance testing and monitoring infrastructure. Our industry demands quality and accountability and we expect the same of our team members.
Other responsibilities include:
Develop and enhance our Cloud Platform for quality, robustness, security, and scale.
Participate in all aspects of product development from feature definition and estimation, to architecture, implementation, documentation, testing, deployment, measurement, and refinement
Design and develop our next generation line of products by taking collaborative ownership of front-end components and style implementation, as well as back-end component designs, implementation, deployment, and performance monitoring
Required Skills:
5+ years of relevant work experience
Strong knowledge of Java, C++ and Ruby Javascript (Node.js) RESTful APIs (consuming or developing) NoSQL databases (Redis, ElasticSearch, DynamoDb, MongoDb, etc) SQL databases (mySQL, Postgres, etc)
Linux & Windows experience
Telecom Experience
Team player who is comfortable working in a virtual environment
Motivated self-starter
Work ethic a must
Fluent in English
Bonus if you have:
Amazon AWS experience (EC2, Lambda, CloudFormation, DynamoDb Route53, etc)
Kubernetes
Event-driven architectures or distributed systems
Machine learning
CSS experience
HTML experience
React Native / iOS / Android development

Be Prepared to show off:

Your programming skills
Your previous projects
Your personal homepage
Your Stack Overflow account (if any)
Your open source contributions (if any)
Empirix does not accept/pay fees for unsolicited resumes from third party agencies/vendors.
As part of our dedication to the diversity of our workforce, Empirix is committed to Equal Employment Opportunity without regard for race, ethnicity, gender, protected veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or religion.


Go to apply 

