Job Title = Engineer

HSS Hire is the UK's original tool and equipment hire company with an award-winning reputation for being the best in the industry.
Due to our continued growth, we have an exciting opportunity for a Workshop Foreman to join our team at your local ABird Power Solutions depot.
What does the job involve?
As a Depot Engineer you will service and repair our full range of power generation equipment and tools; maintaining the quality, safety, reliability and availability of hire stock in a cost-effective manner.
In this role you will take responsibility for the routine service and maintenance of all hire equipment and products, carrying out the refurbishment of equipment and products where necessary and maintain and ensure maximum workshop productivity in line with company targets, ensuring product damage is highlighted to company guidelines on Health & Safety at Work.
Overall, your main duties will be to: • Routine service and maintenance of all hire equipment and products including electrical testing where required • Carry out the refurbishment of equipment and products where necessary • Liaise with the Depot Manager when spare parts are required to ensure cost-effective repairs • Ensure service records are maintained and updated onto the in-house system (Spanner) and daily worksheets are populated • Ensure that all equipment is cleaned to the highest standard ready for hire • Adhere to company guidelines on Health & Safety at work at all times • Ensure the workshop is safe, tidy and organised at all times You will be provided with full workwear and PPE and provided with a full induction on entry to your new position, which will cover everything from health and safety to the ins and outs of your new role.
Who are we looking for?
The successful candidate will have experience in maintaining mechanical and electrical equipment, great communication skills and manual handling awareness skills.
If you work in the Hire industry that's great, if not that's not a problem as long as you can demonstrate a sound understanding of the maintenance of the equipment we hire.
Experience working on power tools, diesel and 2/4-stroke petrol engines, powered access or generators is advantageous.
What do you get back?
We want to make your time at HSS as rewarding as possible!
Here are just some of the benefits you have access to when you join: • FREE Hire from our core range, with 50% off for friends and family • Claim cashback on health and wellbeing (that's anything from a dental check to a massage!) • Discount vouchers for your mobile phone, gym membership, family days out, restaurants and high street shopping • Long service rewards when you hit 5 years As well as plenty of other flexible benefits like learning and development programmes.
At HSS, we prioritise inclusivity and diversity.
This is why we are committed to attracting, recruiting and supporting candidates and colleagues from a diverse range of backgrounds.
This helps us to facilitate a rich mix of culture and experience across the entire Group, ensuring mental and physical wellbeing remain at the forefront of work force.


Go to apply 

