Job Title = Engineer

alary: £30-33k Location: Hinchingbrooke Treatment Centre, Huntingdon Contract Duration: Permanent Hours: Shift Work - Monday to Friday - 6:30am to 8:00pm (40 hours per week) Business Area: Facilities Management Maintenance Engineer Facilities Management where people come first.
Welcome to Kier Facilities Management - the team that's putting people into FM, delivering an incredibly wide range of innovative management and maintenance solutions, right across the UK.
We're a crucial part of Kier Specialist Services, providing hard and soft facilities management to hundreds of Government department sites and public buildings - offering you a role that will challenge and reward you, every single day.
As Maintenance Engineer, your role will be key to supporting the delivery of a customer centric FM solution to our prestigious client Hinchingbrooke Treatment Centre in Huntingdon.
An integral member of the operations team, you'll undertake planned preventative maintenance and reactive tasks to building fabric and mechanical and electrical equipment - your day to day activities will include call outs, minor project work, general fault finding, repairs, and maintaining effective relationships with colleagues, clients, and customers.
Can you do it?
Yes, you can - if you are 17th Edition Qualified and experienced in maintenance engineering within the building services / facilities management sector.
Leave a positive legacy as Maintenance Engineer - start your journey now.
Bring your talent and ambition to Kier and you'll enjoy the scope and opportunity to invest in your own future, to build your expertise and contribute to a rich and diverse culture.
You can also expect a competitive salary and a strong benefits package that includes: * Free Life Assurance * Access to our valuable pension scheme - Kier Retirement Savings Plan Generous annual leave allowance * Options to participate in Cycle2Work and Payroll Giving schemes * Two employee Share Scheme options * Flexible and Agile working (dependent on your role) * Employee Assistance Programme * Access to Kier Rewards, our exclusive Discount Shopping Site with deals available at over 800 retailers * Plus, many more benefits geared to your wellbeing It's worth remembering that we'll undertake the relevant/ standard employment checks if you're successful in the selection process.
This includes taking up your references, as well as checking your ID, driving licence (if appropriate) and your right to work in the UK.
Some roles may also be subject to further pre-employment checks.


Go to apply 

