Job Title = Senior Content Writer

We're looking for an experienced Content Writer to proactively review and maintain documentation within Engineer.ai.
You must be skilled in preparing and updating critical documentation, including, but not limited to, customer-facing and internal implementation guides, technical product guides, FAQs, SOPs, email templates, customer audits/questionnaires, and communications for special projects.
Why We Need This Role Our Content Writer will maintain a process by which material is managed by relevant stakeholders, be able to analyze content for compliance with vendor and other requirements, create and continuously improve best practices for managing the ownership, version control, and usage metrics to track compliance.
The will understand success of communications, identify process improvement opportunities and communicate them effectively, and create and deliver professional presentations as needed for senior leadership.
Why You Should Join Great opportunity for someone who is looking to write content for a company that is disrupting the software industry.
Work alongside the Engineer.ai team, that is democratizing software, and making it available to everyone.
First Six Month Deliverables * Build and execute content distribution for priority projects.
* Deliver assets to relevant teams for completion, tagging and flighting.
Requirements Passionate about loosely held values and ideas.
We want someone who has experience but is not blinded by the path already taken.
* 6 - 8 years experience in technical content writing role (familiarity with content management systems preferred) * Comfortable taking direction, and managing your workflow on your own.
* Efficient and diligent worker.
Comfortable meeting deadlines.
* Proficiency with design software across multiple formats (Word, PDF, HTML, etc.) * Exceptional writing skills, with a strong ability to analyze and articulate subject matter material * Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to collaborate and communicate effectively with all levels up to senior leadership * Demonstrated agility with juggling multiple projects, optimizing resources and self-prioritizing work.
Bachelor's Degree in English or related field Benefits * Health and Wellness benefits including competitive medical, dental, and vision plans * Performance-based bonuses and stock options * Generous vacation and time off benefits including paid holidays * Generally flexible working hours * Working in a beautiful office space the heart of Silicon Beach in Playa Vista * A collaborative culture where unconventional thinkers come together to solve interesting problems and having fun while doing it * Mission-driven company that is making the world a better place


Go to apply 

