Job Title = Technician

ADS Security is growing and was just named one of Nashville s fastest growing private companies for the third consecutive year by the Nashville Business Journal. We are a cutting-edge security company that provides residential and commercial security systems, home automation, video surveillance, and fire alarms. We offer industry-leading compensation, full benefits (including 401K), a leadership team that values their employees above all else.

Do you want to make an impact? Do you want to help protect and save lives? Do you want to be on a winning team? Then, join ADS Security today.

Benefits Offered:
Medical, Dental, Vision, as well as Supplementary Insurance Benefits
401k matching up to 5%
Company issued cell phone and iPad
Paid Holidays and PTO
Rich Employee Referral Bonus
President s Club
Employee Recognition Program
Company vehicle provided for jobs
Company provided tools
Company paid uniform
Ability to advance and earn more income with our Pay for Knowledge Incentive Program
Free Security System
Family Culture

Summary:
This position is responsible for representing ADS Security by interacting with the contractors and customers, by servicing fire/security, card access, door entry, paging/sound and other electronic systems.

Essential Job Duties:
Installs and services customer s alarm systems
Evaluates space to be monitored for proper security coverage
Trains customer on proper use of alarm system
Completes continuing education programs and training on new technologies and products
Maintains safe work practices
Maintains appropriate inventory level in vehicle

Other Duties:
Perform other duties as assigned

Knowledge, Skills, & Abilities:
Problem solving skills
Ability to manage time effectively and efficiently
Ability to multi-task various projects
Ability to effectively communicate with project stake holders
Regular reasonable and reliable attendance

Minimum Qualifications:
High School Diploma or Equivalent
Possess valid driver s license
Must read and write in English
Eligible to work in the U.S. without sponsorship

Preferred Qualifications:
Alarm industry experience
Electronic training
Knowledge of alarm systems including burglary, fire, access, video, etc.
Knowledge regarding the products and services of ADS and vendors. (DMP & Honeywell)
Knowledge of Code Compliance requirements with regard to licensing, permitting and compliance with adopted city, state & national codes & standards
Knowledge of system programming standards

Physical Demands:
Ability to operate computer, phone and other office equipment as needed
Ability to read, write, speak, hear, see, think, communicate, concentrate, learn, and work
Ability to lift/carry up to 50 lbs repeatedly during work hours
Ability to climb up and down ladders and/or step stools repeatedly during work hours
Ability to sit/stand for long periods of time during work hours
Ability to work in small and confined dark spaces such as crawl spaces, attics, etc.
Ability to work in a wide range of temperatures (indoor/outdoor)
Ability to travel up to 75% of the time between job sites and customer locations
Ability to perform the essential functions of the position with or without reasonable accommodation

ADS Security is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, status as a protected veteran, among other things, or status as a qualified individual with disability.


Go to apply 

