Job Title = Technician

Eurofins Air Toxics, Inc. is the global expert in environmental air testing. With more than 25 years of air expertise, we have analyzed a wide range of matrices for both routine and specialty air testing programs. Our capabilities extend from trace level measurements required for indoor air testing to identifying and quantifying organics in high-level sources.

Eurofins Air Toxics Inc. is searching for a Technician in Folsom, CA.

Technician responsibilities include, but are not limited to, the following :
Unpacking sample boxes, reviewing and signing accompanying documentation
Checking the received media and equipment into the database
Performing inventory, labeling samples, and create project folders for the laboratory
Entering project and sample information into the database
Perform all documentation and sample receipt/log-in following SOPs.
Perform the tasks of sample screening and pressurization
Identify problem areas and suggest solutions for continuous improvements of log-in processes
Perform special projects assigned by supervisor The ideal candidate would possess
Effective communication skills, both written and oral
Accuracy and attention to detail
Organizational skills (prioritize work with minimal supervision)
Demonstrate versatility, flexibility, and efficiency
Effective use of time in managing multiple priorities
Interpret and understand oral or written instructions
Deal with peers and supervisors in a professional manner at all times
Consciousness of and a positive attitude toward quality control, safety, high production work and organized thought process
Good teamwork, working closely with all the departments
Must have knowledge of Internet software and the Microsoft Office Suite of products.
One year or more of lab experience, preferred Basic Minimum Qualifications :
Bachelor's degree in a science related field from a four-year college or university is preferred but not required.
Authorization to work in the United States indefinitely without restriction or sponsorship Position is full-time, Monday-Friday with flexibility for work Tuesday-Saturday and overtime as needed. Candidates currently living within a commutable distance of Folsom, California are encouraged to apply.

As a Eurofins employee, you will become part of a company that has received national recognition as a great place to work. We offer excellent full-time benefits including comprehensive medical coverage, life and disability insurance, 401(k) with company match, paid holidays and vacation, personal days, and dental and vision options.

To learn more about Eurofins, please explore our website .

Eurofins is a M/F, Disabled, and Veteran Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer.


Go to apply 

