Job Title = TECHNICIAN

Schedule: F/T schedule; Varies, all shifts available. More details upon interview. Schedule
Requirement: No experience required, willing to train! Requirement
Sign-on Bonus:$200 Sign-on bonus provided! More details upon interview. Sign-on Bonus We are excited to announce the launch of our new pre-recorded video interviewing technology to fast track your career with our award-winningorganization!When you submit an hourly job application, you will be invited to participate in a short video introduction. Click hereto get a sneak peek preview!
If you have a positive attitude and a love for learning, you may be interested in joining our team.
Crothall Healthcare, a division of Compass Group North America, provides customer focused support services. As specialists, we perform services including healthcare housekeeping, management in laundry processing, patient transportation, business facilities management and clinical engineering. Crothall is a compilation of the most committed and talented individuals working in the industry today. Our dedication to quality, exceptional customer service, and unequivocal results allow us to provide the best outcomes to our clients. Full time associates at Crothall are offered many fantastic benefits such as:
Medical
Dental
Vision
Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAs)
Commuter Benefits
Wellness Program
Employee Assistance Program
Life Insurance for Associates and Eligible Dependents
Short Term Disability (STD) and Long Term Disability (LTD)
Accidental Death & Dismemberment (AD&D) Insurance
Discount Marketplace
401(k)
And other voluntary benefits
Summary: Cleans patient areas and facility floors to promote environmental safety and patient satisfaction. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Summary: Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Cleans patient rooms as required; cleans beds with approved disinfectant.
Collects soiled linen; dusts and/or mops floors, washes walls, cleans bathroom fixtures, collects bio- hazardous trash, and performs high dusting, using various cleaning chemicals and disinfectants as required, cleans and maintains equipment, maintains daily report of rooms cleaned and submits to department supervisor.
Vacuums/cleans patient care areas, public areas and offices as assigned.
Ensures safe care to patients adhering to policies, procedures, and standards within budgetary specifications, including time management, supply management, productivity, and accuracy of practice.
Promotes individual professional growth and development by meeting requirements for mandatory/continuing education, skills competency, supports department-based goals which contribute to the success of the organization; serves as preceptor, mentor, and resource to less experienced staff.
Dust mops, damp mops, and/or vacuums floors as assigned; buffs or extracts carpet; strips and waxes floors as scheduled; cleans and maintains entrances as assigned.
Moves furniture as requested; cleans upholstery as scheduled; removes trash; cleans equipment and performs meeting room setups.
Performs other duties as assigned. About Compass Group: Achieving leadership in the foodservice industry
Compass Group is an equal opportunity employer. At Compass, we are committed to treating all Applicants and Associates fairly based on their abilities, achievements, and experience without regard to race, national origin, sex, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other classification protected by law.
Qualified candidates must be able to perform the essential functions of this position satisfactorily with or without a reasonable accommodation.Disclaimer: this job post is not necessarily an exhaustive list of all essential responsibilities, skills, tasks, or requirements associated with this position. While this is intended to be an accurate reflection of the position posted, the Company reserves the right to modify or change the essential functions of the job based on business necessity.*Los Angeles applicants: Compass Group will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box ordinance). *Los Angeles applicants: Compass Group will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box ordinance).
HOURLY


Go to apply 

