Job Title = Technician

Specialized Tasking:

Provide technical support, system testing, inspection, repair, replacement and assessment assistance on Surface Sonar Systems/equipment to include AN/SQS-53, Sonars and their Subsystems, which include transducers and stave cables.

General Tasking:
Fabricates, installs, maintains, and repairs electronic, mechanical, and/or other types of components and equipment.

Installs, maintains, repairs, overhauls, troubleshoots, modifies, constructs and tests various types of electrical, electronic, and/or mechanical equipment and related devices.
Applies technical knowledge of electronics principles in order to put equipment in operational condition and solve moderately complex problems.
Troubleshoots and corrects malfunctions using specialized test and diagnostic equipment.
Modifies circuitry to improve performance.
Makes recommendations for improvements or modifications to correct problems.
May provide operation/maintenance instruction to customer personnel.
Performs preventative maintenance.
Maintains current knowledge of relevant technologies as assigned.
Participates in special projects as required
AA/AS degree or the equivalent experience
A minimum of (3) years specialized experience troubleshooting and repair of SQS-53 (B, C and D) systems and subsystems including repair/replacement of transducers and stave cables in both non-pressurized and pressurized dome environments.
A minimum of (6) years general experience with troubleshooting, repair, logistic support of sonar and/or equivalent systems and subsystems.
Must meet qualifications for certifications as a Sonar Dome Diver.
Proficient in Microsoft Office, TAAS, and other programs necessary for report filing.
For more than 50 years, General Dynamics Information Technology has served as a trusted provider of information technology, systems engineering, training and professional services to customers across federal, state, and local governments, and in the commercial sector. Over 40,000 GDIT professionals deliver enterprise solutions, manage mission-critical IT programs and provide mission support services worldwide. GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.


Go to apply 

