Job Title = Technician

Safeguard has been Protecting Arizona families and businesses for over 50 years, We are Arizona's largest family-owned, locally-operated security provider. With an A+ Better Business Bureau Ranking, we prove every day that we love being there for and helping our clients. Working together with our clients and protecting what they value most, non-stop, is what we call \"Safeguard is with you.

JOB SUMMARY:
This position is responsible for service, repair, maintenance, and inspections of fire suppression systems for the existing customer base. These services are critical for the ongoing customer service experience and satisfaction of the account base. The department has primary responsibility for customer retention through the responsiveness and provision of inspection, repair, support, and maintenance operations and service.

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
Perform fire suppression system inspections, identifying deficiencies and upgrade opportunities.
Perform fire suppression system repairs, maintenance, and upgrades.
Support the service advisors, key account coordinators, and customer support representatives in the performance of their jobs and service calls. Create reports for customer and agency documentation and submittal.
Maintain relationship with municipal and state fire authorities for licensing and inspections. Interface with the monitoring center manager and supervisors.
Maintain relationships with major accounts and multi-location accounts to ensure satisfaction and retention. Interface with the sales departments to address current service issues and plan support for future growth.

KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS:
Two or more years in the installation and/or service of fire suppression systems.
Strong customer service communication and conflict resolution skills.
Strong written and verbal communication skills.

EDUCATION, KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, COMPETENCIES, CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES:
Must qualify for state alarm agent license.
Knowledge of life safety codes.
Technical certifications are required (CSA, NICET).
Equipment manufacturer s training and/or certifications are desirable.
Computer / tablet literacy.

Location : Scottsdale, AZ

What We Offer Great Benefits to include; Medical, Dental, Long Term/Short Term, Vision, 401k match, and AAA Benefits.

#SAFE


Go to apply 

