Job Title = Engineer

Main Responsibilities

The Applications Engineer works with customers to provide thermal solutions that provide Heatron a strategic advantage in the market place. The goal of the Applications Engineer is to marry customer needs with Heatron solutions in a manner that allows for success of both parties.
Essential Functions:
Technical liason between Customers, Sales and Design.
Works with Customer to develop solutions that will solve problems while, when possible, creating a strategic advantage for Heatron..
Communicates issues effectively to Sales and Production.
Intimate knowledge of Heatron's manufacturing capabilities with an ability to work to those strengths when possible and when necessary be able to determine what additional capabilities and equipment that may be necessary to secure new business.
Has working knowledge of Ohms law and can solve design problems such as dual voltage, dual wattage, variable watt densities.
Product Specialist has Technical Aptitude to match customer needs with current Heatron products or products that will fit into Heatron's manufacturing capability
An Associate working in this capacity will have a sense of the Business Issues that will drive prospects to commit resources and eventually become customers.
Garners support and Resources for their projects.
Travel is occasionaly required in this role

Requirements

Good understanding of Manufacturing in general or specifically Heatron's products.
Working Under Pressure - Must be able to meet deadlines.
Teamwork - Must be able to perform in a team environment and provide leadership to teams.
Communication, Written & Oral - Must be be able to communicate effectively with Sales, Engineering, and Production. These communications need to convey urgency when required and attract support for projects that don't neatly fit into one of Heatron's product lines.
Problem Solving - Must be able to help customer diagnose their problems and provide workable solutions.
Education:
BS Engineering or Technical Experience that Includes Direct Customer Contact
Experience: Entry level candidates will be considered.Engineering Background, Technical Sales or Manufacturing Experience is Beneficial


Go to apply 

