Job Title = Engineer

Description:

Position Summary:

The Engineer is responsible for participating in logistics analysis and engineering work involving all aspects of transportation design. They solve problems presented to them to support customers, development activities or request for proposals by designing, developing, analyzing or implementing comprehensive supply chain solutions. They collect data, perform transportation, statistical and mapping analysis, design customized solutions and work on a team that is developing or implementing the processes and service solutions for the customer. Might implement and design customized solutions, use engineering tools for modeling or utilize the tools or solutions for implementation. They use

methods or tools under the guidance of their manager to create models, tools or processes that will be used by Analysts and Operations daily. They are participant in location startups,process improvement teams and cost saving initiatives.

Major Responsibilities:

Conduct logistics analysis in support of both operational and new sales projects.

Conduct the development and implementation of engineering solutions, including programming/software development.

Provide maintenance and support activities for all existing solutions, including software maintenance as needed.

Preparation of technical and user documentation and presentations for all solutions.

Designs, implements or analyzes one customer solution at a time with supervision as assigned

Works effectively as a team member accomplishing assigned goals

Participates in cross-functional groups to create the expected customer outcomes

Interacts with internal and external customers on an as needed basis

Supports the preparation of results into proposal documents or other engineering reports and presentations for customers and management

Helps ensure a solution will meet financial goals and provide cost savings

Meets customer deadlines by providing required designs and analysis

Develops an understanding of the customers' needs and take actions to ensure that such needs are met

Understands what the customer does, what their business model is and what their expectations are

Able to resolve situations quickly, communicate status of problem, and work with the appropriate subject matter expert until it is fixed with the guidance of a more senior level associate

Other projects and tasks as assigned by supervisor

Qualifications:

2 to 5 years comparable experience designing, developing, implementing and executing supply chain solutions.

Bachelors degree in Industrial Engineering, Supply Chain, Logistics, Management Science, Computer Science or other quantitative discipline required. Master s Degree preferred.

Fundamental understanding of transportation, warehousing, supply chain and logistics concepts

Effective communication skills both written and verbal, and with internal and external customers required.

Must be proficient with the Microsoft Office Suite (Excel, Access, Word and PowerPoint) as well as Minitab. Skills in MS Project and Visio a plus.

Intermediate computer skills in supply chain network modeling design tools preferred

Ability to analyze data and conduct extensive research required

Excellent analytical/problem solving capabilities

Developing presentation skills

Must demonstrate aptitude for developing written, oral, and interpersonal communications skills, particularly when problems arise that may affect solution outcome and/or project schedule.

Customer orientation

Team player

Must be able to work somewhat independently and concurrently on a range of unstructured tasks/projects and properly prioritize work, all with some supervision or direction

Time management and multi-tasking skills

Regular, predictable, full attendance is an essential function of the job

Willingness to travel as necessary, work the required schedule, work at the specific location required, complete Penske employment application, submit to a background investigation (to include past employment, education, and criminal history) and drug screening are required.

Physical Requirements:

-The physical and mental demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an associate to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

-The associate will be required to: read; communicate verbally and/or in written form; remember and analyze certain information; and remember and understand certain instructions or guidelines.

-While performing the duties of this job, the associate may be required to stand, walk, and sit. The associate is frequently required to use hands to touch, handle, and feel, and to reach with hands and arms. The associate must be able to occasionally lift and/or move up to 25lbs/12kg.

-Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and the ability to adjust focus.

Penske is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

About Penske Logistics

Penske Logistics is a wholly owned subsidiary of Penske Truck Leasing. With operations in North America, South America, Europe and Asia, Penske Logistics provides supply chain management and logistics services to leading companies around the world. Penske Logistics delivers value through its design, planning and execution in transportation, warehousing and freight management. Visit to learn more.

Work Locations: 3000 Auburn Dr Beachwood, OH 44122

Primary Location: United States-Ohio-Beachwood

Zip: 44122

Job: Engineering

Penske (Oracle) Job Name: Engineering

Req ID: 1912798


Go to apply 

