Job Title = Engineer

Our story
Just like our doors, our minds are open too. Ever since we opened our first hotel, The Hoxton Shoreditch, way back in 2006, weve never justbeen about offering a bed for the night. We want to be more than that, providing a place where guests can hang out alongside the locals and submerse themselves in the neighborhood with vibrant, welcoming public spaces.Then there's our eclectic program of monthly events where we bring the outside in, workingwith local creatives to curate events unique to each location.
Back in 2006, The Hoxton, Shoreditch in East London changed the hotel model, proving style didnt need to be sacrificed for value and that honest pricing is still very much at the heart of everything we do. We opened our second hotel, The Hoxton, Holborn in 2014, followed by properties in Amsterdam, Paris, Williamsburg, Portland, and Chicago. Los Angeles and Southwark are all coming soon. While each hotel has its own character, no matter where we open you can be sure to find the familiar Hoxton Hustle.
Each Hoxton hotel is individual, incorporating the uniqueness of their neighborhoods using local designers, artists, and illustrators for everything from interiors to wallpaper, art and neighborhood guides. The Hoxton, Williamsburg is on the original site of the Rosenwach factory, the maker of the iconic wooden water towers dotted along the skyline of New York City. Featuring 175 bedrooms, a vibrant public area, restaurant, terrace bar, and rooftopalong with The Apartment, our events and meeting space.
The details
The role will be based at The Hoxton, Williamsburg. Youll report directly to the Director of Engineering.
Responsibilities:
Seeking continual improvement for the department and hotel
Comply with all the policies, procedures and regulations that relate to the local, state and federal laws
Provide the highest level of customer care in both public areas and back of house.
Assist theDirector ofEngineering in the maintenance of all areas of the hotel, including following up feedback from guests and colleagues.
Aid and assist the Director of Engineering in the control and monitoring of maintenance stock.
Aid and assist the Director of Engineering in all aspects of monitoring of standards of bedrooms, including the pro-active maintenance program.
Ensure that all projects that are carried out on a monthly basis.
Use the KnowCross system to respond to allengineering requests and work orders in a timely, professional manner
Ensure that all Health and Safety standards are adhered to and any breaches in standards are reported to the Chief Engineer.
Maintain a positive and friendly attitude at all times, even when working to find solutions to challenges.
Whats in it for you
To play a lead role in opening the first chapter in The Hoxtons North American story
The opportunity to work and collaborate with a world class team
The chance to embark on an exciting career trajectory in a fast-growing environment
Youll be able to be yourself and the best you can be in a relaxed, innovative culture
Youll work for an organization committed to not just building new hotels but also a global brand
The opportunity to challenge the norm and work in an environment that is both creative and rewarding
About you
You execute. You get things done
You are scarily organized
You've got certifications and then some!
You jump out of bed every morning, fizzing with energy and jazzed about what youre doing today
You are humble. There are no egos, and no drama
Ability to take ownership of issues, solve problems and make effective decisions
Ability to learn quickly and adapt to The Hoxtons unique culture
Youll work positively and collaboratively to achieve the highest standards of delivery at work
If we get stuck in a lift with you well get along nicely and have a laugh along the way
Whats next?
This is a special opportunity to join a quickly growing company, so get in touch.
Apply online at
The Hoxton, Williamsburg is anequal opportunityemployer. All applicants will be considered foremploymentwithout attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status. True Facts.


Go to apply 

