Job Title = Engineer

Wyndhamis now seeking aEngineer to join our team at the Wyndham Resort Westward Look location in Tucson,Arizona.

Job Summary

The Engineer, Level 2 is responsible for insuring that the property is maintained in the best possible condition at all times with the least amount of inconvenience to guests and employees.

Education & Experience

High School diploma or equivalent and/or one year of experience in a hotel or related field required.
At least two years of progressive experience in a hotel or related field preferred.
Trade school and/or College course work in related field preferred.

Physical Requirements

Flexible and long hours sometimes required.
Heavy work - Exerting in excess of 100 pounds of force occasionally, and/or in excess of 50 pounds of force frequently and/or in excess of 20 pounds constantly to lift, carry, push, pull, or otherwise move objects.

General Requirements

Maintain a warm and friendly demeanor at all times.
Must be able to effectively communicate both verbally and written, with all level of employees and guests in an attentive, friendly, courteous and service oriented manner.
Must be effective at listening to, understanding, and clarifying concerns raised by employees and guests.
Must be able to multitask and prioritize departmental functions to meet deadlines.
Approach all encounters with guests and employees in an attentive, friendly, courteous and service-oriented manner.
Attend all hotel required meetings and trainings.
Maintain regular attendance in compliance with Wyndham Hotels & Resorts Standards, as required by scheduling, which will vary according to the needs of the hotel.
Maintain high standards of personal appearance and grooming, which includes wearing the proper uniform and nametag.
Comply with Wyndham Hotels & Resorts Standards and regulations to encourage safe and efficient hotel operations.
Maximize efforts towards productivity, identify problem areas and assist in implementing solutions.
Must be effective in handling problems, including anticipating, preventing, identifying and solving problems as necessary.
Must be able to understand and apply complex information, data, etc. from various sources to meet appropriate objectives.
Must be able to cross-train in other hotel related areas.
Must be able to maintain confidentiality of information.
Must be able to show initiative, including anticipating guest or operational needs.
Perform other duties as requested by management.

Fundamental Requirements

Make repairs to hotel air conditioning system: change filters, clean coils, replace motors.
Perform preventive maintenance on all equipment (i.e. boilers, chillers, HVAC-Heating Ventilation and Air Conditioning, electrical, etc.).
Take required readings on equipment.
Test cooling tower and record readings.
Replace and program televisions as needed.
Replace light switches, receptacles, light bulbs and fixtures.
Perform furniture repair.
Replace and repair pumps.
Perform plumbing repairs (i.e. clogged drains, copper pipe, change washers, change handles, drain fittings, etc).
Understand and be able to read blueprints and wiring diagrams.
Trace and repair all types of water lines.
Troubleshoot and repair kitchen equipment.
Maintain repair and preventive maintenance records.
Perform and maintain work to local, state and Federal codes.
Test, clean and repair swimming pools and spas.
Paint designated areas.
Repair and finish sheet rock.
Repair all types of wall coverings.
Repair and program hotel electronic lock system.
Assist in supervising other engineering staff members.
Assist in scheduling preventive maintenance tasks.

COMPANY OVERVIEW:
Wyndham Hotels & Resorts is the largest hotel franchisor in the world and a leading hotel management company. We stand 20 brands strong across 9,000 hotels in more than 80 countries, and we offer the most diverse collection of hotel experiences in the world. Our iconic brands, united by the richest and simplest rewards program in the business, make hotel travel possible for all.
Our hotel owners are the stewards of our brands, and together, we champion everyday travelers. We believe guests deserve great experiences, and our robust portfolio-distinguished by our leading economy and midscale brands-delivers just that.
We are AmericInn by Wyndham, Baymont by Wyndham, Days Inn by Wyndham, Dazzler by Wyndham, Dolce Hotels and Resorts by Wyndham, Esplendor Boutique Hotels by Wyndham, Hawthorn Suites by Wyndham, Howard Johnson by Wyndham, La Quinta Inns & Suites, Microtel by Wyndham, Ramada Encore by Wyndham, Ramada Worldwide by Wyndham, Super 8 by Wyndham, The Trademark Collection by Wyndham, Travelodge by Wyndham, TRYP by Wyndham, Wingate by Wyndham, Wyndham Garden, Wyndham Grand and Wyndham Hotels and Resorts.
Headquartered in Parsippany, N.J. with offices around the globe in London, Shanghai, Buenos Aires, Dubai and more, Wyndham Hotels & Resorts employs approximately 15,000 team members worldwide.
Our Company is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer.
Job Location: Wyndham Resort Westward Look,245 East Ina Road,Tucson,Arizona 85745
Employment Status: Full-time


Go to apply 

