Job Title = TECHNICIAN

Overview

Seminole Hard Rock Hotel & Casino in Hollywood, Florida, located minutes from Fort Lauderdale's world-famous beach, features a AAA Four Diamond resort with 469 luxury rooms and suites, over 100 tables, 2000 slot machines, award-winning restaurants, high-energy nightlife, a lagoon-style pool and Beach Club, a Hard Rock-inspired spa, and premium meeting and convention space. The property is currently undergoing a $1.5 billion expansion. When the development is complete in mid-2019, Seminole Hard Rock will be home to an iconic guitar hotel tower that will include a Hard Rock Casino, nearly doubling its current size with 3,267 slot machines, 178 table games plus a new 18,000-square-foot poker room. The existing Hard Rock Live arena will be razed in March 2018, and replaced with a state-of-the-art 7,000-seat Hard Rock Live venue in a theater-style configuration. For more information please visit

Responsibilities

Under the direction of the Entertainment Production Manager, the incumbent assists in the operational functions of the Hard Rock Entertainment Department including set up and tear down of events property wide, performs fabrication, set-up, assembly, and disassembly of all equipment, scenery, wardrobes, instruments and tools necessary for the preparation of professional shows and performances. Assist in day to day operations of department to ensure it functions properly.
Essential Job Functions:
Exhibit conduct in accordance with all Gaming Commission Regulations and Seminole Tribe of Florida departmental policies and procedures.
Follow Production policies and procedures related to the entertainment department to ensure efficient and effective operations.
Assist in implementing event operating plans and for Hard Rock Live.
Assemble and disassemble trusses for lighting shows, soft goods, scenery, drops, curtains, etc.
Assemble sets and stages, including related light and sound components.
Load in prior to shows and performances and loads out following shows and performances equipment, instruments, wardrobe, tools, etc.
Repair and maintain lighting, sound and fly systems, drops, soft goods, stage and stage floor, musical instruments, etc. to avoid delay or cancellation of performances due to malfunctioning equipment.
Demonstrate a commitment to ensuring responsible gaming and responsible alcohol service bydiscreetly notifying appropriate managers of concerns and observations.
Demonstrate actions and behaviors that reinforce the Companys Mission and Values of Communication, Integrity, Fun, Respect, Accountability, Passion and Dedication.
Ensure prompt and discreet notification to managers and/or the Ethics Hotline of any observation of illegal acts or internal ethics violations.
Promote positive public/employee relations at all times
Maintain a clean, safe, hazard-free work environment within area of responsibility.
Perform other duties as assigned.

Qualifications

High School Diploma or trade school certificate and a minimum of three (3) years event/ concert production experience performing similar duties required or a combination of education and experience. Knowledge of Microsoft Office, Excel,Word required. Ability to work flexible schedules, including nights, weekends and holidays is required.
Work Environment:
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms, talk or hear; and taste or smell. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 50 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close, distance, color, and peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus.
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job.
The Casino environment is hectic, fast-paced and often crowded and noisy. May be exposed to casino related environmental factors including, but not limited to, second hand smoke, excessive noise and constant exposure to general public.
Must be able to communicate effectively with guests in English, specific to position duties and responsibilities.
Closing:
The Tribal Council gives preference in all of its employment practices to Native Americans. First preference in hiring, training, promoting and in all other aspects of employment is given to members of the Seminole Tribe who meet the job requirements. Second preference is given to members of other federally recognized Native American Tribes who meet the job requirements.
As part of Seminole Gamings employment process, final candidates will be required to obtain gaming licensure by completing a background check with Seminole Gaming Compliance and Regulations, prior to an offer being extended. These background checks may include, but are not limited to:
Credit Check
Criminal Background Check
Drug Screen
#ProfHotJobs

Disclaimer While this is intended to be an accurate reflection of the current job, management reserves the right to revise the current job or to require that other or different tasks be performed when circumstances change, (e.g. emergencies, changes in personnel, workload, rush jobs or technical developments).


Go to apply 

