Job Title = Engineer

Why Join Altec?
Altec is looking for Engineers graduating in Fall 2019 or Spring 2020 to join the team! Our engineers work collaboratively to implement lean principles throughout the facility, support manufacturing and the field with existing products, and may work with New Product Development teams.

Customer First Enjoyment of Work Family Financial Stability Integrity People Are Our Greatest Strength Quality Spiritual Development Teamwork

Qualifications
Pursuing Engineering degree in one of the following majors:
Mechanical Engineering
Industrial Engineering
Agricultural Engineering
Electrical Engineering
Material Science Engineering
Computer Engineering
Completion of Degree prior to start date required
Prior interaction with Altec team at a recruitment event highly preferred

Potential Responsibilities
Design, modify, and/or apply components and system using engineering methods and techniques to meet specified technical objectives on time.
Analyze and solve complex product design, application, manufacturing, installation and service problems.
Create unique original product designs which may be patentable.
Direct other engineers and technical support personnel to carry out specific design tasks.
Analyze competitive product designs and report findings.
Implement defect prevention procedures or processes in product design or application.
Analyze new technologies for potential application in utility equipment.
Develops standards and procedures used in the design and manufacture of CAD products.
Provides technical leadership for supervisors.

Sponsorships not available.

Medical, Dental and Prescription Drug Program Altec offers a competitive salary that rewards performance and dedication, along with a comprehensive benefits package that includes:
Retirement 401(k) Program
Vacation and Holidays
Flexible Spending Accounts
Tuition Assistance Program
Employee Assistance and Mental Health/Substance Abuse Program
Life Insurance, Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance
Altec Industries, Inc. and its affiliates are equal opportunity employers and maintain affirmative action plans to recruit, retain, develop, and promote qualified individuals without unlawful consideration of race, gender, color, religion, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, citizenship status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. Altec strives to maintain a work environment free from unlawful discrimination and harassment, where associates are treated with respect and dignity.


Go to apply 

