Job Title = Engineer

Konecranes Inc

Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled/Other Protected Category

Country: United States
Location: Houston, TX, US
Location details: Houston, TX Area
Employment type: Undefined term

Country: United States (US)
Location: Houston, Texas (US-TX)
Location details:Houston, TX Area

At Konecranes, we believe that great customer experience is built on the people behind the Konecranes name - people committed to providing our customers with lifting equipment and services that lift their businesses. Everything we do, we do with passion and drive. This is what makes Konecranes a unique place to work.

JOB PURPOSE:

Provide sales with priced cost competitive technical solutions, dimensional proposal drawings and detailed technical information according to customer/sales specifications and Konecranes standard solutions.

PRINCIPAL RESPONSIBILITIES:

Calculate technical solutions utilizing Konecranes brand components maximizing corporate content.
Prepare CAD drawings and cost estimates for proposed cranes.

Utilize multiple crane engineering software (KC Tools) in design process
Offer pricing, including but not limited to component pricing, labor, installation and start-up costs, freight, spare parts packages and local supplied items such as lights, transformers, steel and festoons etc.
Provide standard data sheets, drawings and/or other technical information needed for offers so sales can compile the Proposal for customers
Generate technical qualification list based of the detailed spec take-off from sales
Ability to interface with engineering, production, procurement and other departments to collect appropriate data.
Create and update pricing libraries for more efficient and accurate pricing
Utilize ERP systems to monitor and gather data for previously delivered projects.
Continuous proactive efforts on cost improvement solutions and cost-efficient offers.
Some domestic and international travel required (up to 10%)

A team player must be able to coordinate tasks and work well with frontline sales force and the other members of Offer Engineer team.
Other duties as assigned by supervisor

Location in Houston, TX.

EDUCATION: Bachelor's degree in Engineering is required.

EXPERIENCE: A minimum of 2-4 years of experience in mechanical, application or sales engineering in an industrial environment. Strong written and verbal communication skills. Must be a team player. Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and meet deadlines. Attention to detail is a must. Well-developed PC skills and experience in mechanical drawings using CAD software is required. Must have good knowledge of mechanical engineering discipline.

*KC #MONUS #CBUS #NXT

Konecranes is a world-leading group of Lifting Businesses, serving a broad range of customers. We are truly a global company with 16,000 employees at 600 locations in 50 countries. For over 80 years, we have been dedicated to improving the efficiency and performance of businesses in all types of industries. We believe that sustainable growth is a result of a strong responsible performance. .

PI113841387


Go to apply 

