Job Title = Technician

Technician

Potential Work Times: 8-4:30 M-F Subject to change

Individual must hold a valid motor vehicle operator's license.

Role and Scope of Position:
This position works as part of the Electric Service Support Center team responsible for the high volume of incoming calls and correspondence from its customers; with quality, timeliness, and efficiency.
Customer requests may include but are not limited to new installs, upgrades, and removal of electric service; for both residential and commercial customers.
Individual will receive and process incoming customer requests for service over the telephone, web, email, and facsimile, and will ensure all work requests are in usable form; i.e., complete customer information, contractor information, work request primary point(s) of contact, and description of work).
Individual will be team oriented and possess excellent interpersonal and communication skills (both oral and written).
Interpreting and implementing numerous policies and procedures and providing superior customer service is a must to meet the job requirements.
Essential Functions
Individual will be responsible for obtaining information relevant to the design and construction of the service request and responding to questions from the customer; including but not limited to technical requirements for electric service connections, schedule dates, inspection requirements, and licensing and easement requirements.
Individual will serve as the primary point of contact and advocate for the customer, contractor, and/or municipal official(s).
Individual will be responsible for providing applicable upfront cost estimates.
Individual will be responsible for processing electrical inspections, prepayments, and contributions in aid of construction from its customers.
Individual will be responsible for certain non-design job types; from customer initiation to completion.
Individual will continuously interact with Eversource employees across the organization; including but not limited to Engineering, Electric Operations, Customer Billing Services, and Remittance Services.
Individual will support Engineering, Electric Operations and other areas as necessary with updating work requests with field notes, customer appointments, and work request progress.
Individual will have an emergency storm assignment.
Education
Associate's degree in electrical technology or the equivalent in combined education and experience plus four years of related electric distribution experience is required.
In Addition, the following is a plus to have:
Ability to perform a variety of tasks requiring initiative, sound judgment, organization, and prioritization is required.
Computer experience including Microsoft Word and Excel is required.
Knowledge of the National Electric Safety Code is preferred.
Utility and/or electrical experience is preferred.
Electrical License; Journeyman or Master Electrician is desired.
Storms Work Management System (including i-Scheduler) experience is desired.
C2 experience is desired.
For more information please contact Casey Taylor at 800 ext 240 or [Click Here to Email Your Resum ]

Since 1995, iTech Solutions Inc., has been providing IT Consulting and Direct Hire Services to the Insurance, Financial, Communications, Manufacturing and Government sectors with local offices in Connecticut, Minnesota, Colorado, Massachusetts, Tennessee, North Carolina, and New Jersey / Pennsylvania area.

Our recruiting strategy is simple, if you want to find qualified IT professionals then use IT professionals to find them. So at iTech Solutions, our personnel are all career IT professionals with a wide range of IT experience. We can honestly say our staff understands the technologies, the complexities of finding and selecting the appropriate personnel and the pressures of running successful IT projects.

Employer will not sponsor applicants for any employment visas, at hiring or in the future, including but not limited to H-1B visas. Corp-to-Corp or subcontract personnel will not be considered for this position.


Go to apply 

