Job Title = Technician

Want to learn a new skill? Want a 4 day work week? Join a company that values and appreciates its employees the same as its customers. Zerorez of Spokane is looking to hire a few people who are eager to learn a new skill, care about customer satisfaction, and have an eye for detail. We are looking for those who don't mind a little hard work and are willing to work past an 8-hour shift. Zerorez offers its Carpet Technicians a 4 day work week with competitive pay, health benefits, and paid training. Upon successful completion of your training, you will be confidently skilled in our patented cleaning process and able to perform carpet, tile and grout, upholstery and hard surface cleaning services for our loyal customers. It won't take long for you to understand why our \"Raving Fans\" fans rate us 4.6 out of 5 stars on our customer reviews. What do you think? Are you a fit for our team? Want to be the next Zerorez Carpet Technician? We would love to meet you.

Qualifications:
Must have reliable transportation.
Must be able to pass a drug screening and background check.
Must possess a CLEAN DRIVING RECORD.
Veterans welcome.

Full-Time Employment only.

For an interview, please reply with YOUR NAME, CONTACT INFO, and YOUR RESUME.
No Calls Please. Zerorez is an equal opportunity employer.

About Zerorez

Zerorez is the revolutionary carpet cleaning services franchise that is changing the way homeowners and property managers think about clean carpets. Unlike traditional carpet cleaning companies that use a method of hot water extraction using soaps and detergents and harsh chemicals that get left behind in the carpet fibers, Zerorez uses our patented Powered Water which is a water based, non toxic cleaning agent that leaves no soil-attracting residue behind. The Power Water is able to remove embedded dirt, reduce the dry time, and makes spots much less likely to reappear. Zerorez is proud to have achieved Platinum Certification from The Carpet and Rug Institute. Platinum Certification is only awarded to systems that remove at least 90% of available soil. Our unique cleaning process produces superior results. Zerorez offers the following services, Carpet Cleaning, Tile and Grout, Granite Cleaning, Upholstery Cleaning, Air Duct Cleaning, Pet Odor Treatments, Area Rug Cleaning, Mattress Cleaning, Hard surface Cleaning.


Go to apply 

