Job Title = Engineer

HMS Ferries, Inc. seeks an enthusiastic and motivated individual to provide service excellence to our guests, and crew as an Engineer! Would you describe yourself as:
Enthusiastic
Outgoing
Optimistic
Socially Poised
Well-coordinated
Deliberate
Passive
Accurate
Thorough
Self-Disciplined
This role requires extreme precision and resourcefulness. If this sounds like you, keep reading.
The Engineer safely maintains all vessel systems to specifications determined by manufacturers and United States Coast Guard regulations. This position performs all functions outlined in the preventative maintenance system and is responsible for the mechanical systems of the Jean Ribault.
Duties & Responsibilities
Top Priorities
Remain true to and champion the Company’s Core Values and Code of Conduct.
Safety First – Safety shall remain the highest priority at all times. Be an active advocate of, and participant in, the HMS Safety Culture.
Consider reliability and efficiency with regard to Company operations.
Safety and Security
Ensure safe and clean engine rooms
Ensure safe and clean work areas
Establish, implement and maintain task lists and USCG inspection checklist
Conduct safety drills, safety meetings, procedures, and provide technical assistance and instruction to crew-members
Participate in onboard training and routine drills.
Demonstrate practical knowledge of all phases of shipboard safety procedures and knowledge of location and use of all firefighting and safety equipment (i.e. fire extinguishers, life
preservers, work vest).
Use proper Personal Protective Equipment (PPE).
Handle and dispose of all chemicals and other types of hazardous or caustic materials in compliance with Material Safety Data Sheets (MSDSs) (as required).
Inspect safety equipment to verify location, condition, and markings are in compliance with USCG requirements; assist USCG in annual inspections of safety equipment; and enforce safety and USCG
navigational laws
Report safety related concerns.
Operations
Assist with filling water, bunkering fuel, connecting and disconnecting shore power as directed
Supervise and mentor junior engineers and maintenance personnel
Accomplish daily, weekly, monthly and/or hourly preventative maintenance as required
Manage, maintain and operate non-mechanical systems of the vessel or vessels within the legal requirements of the USCG and other pertinent regulatory agencies as well as mechanical systems
Responsible for compilation, review of maintenance logs and records.
Prepare part specifications, locate distributors or vendors for custodial supplies, linens, paint, equipment and tools; maintain inventories needed for operation of mechanical and non-mechanical systems
Defer to, and act in support of “the vessel” in the event of a real or simulated emergency
Ensure that discharge sewage, trash and oily water are in accordance with all regulations
Engage in hands-on repairs and improvement projects as workload requires
Participate in meetings as required by the Master
Seek the highest levels of quality and professionalism.
Work to achieve the highest levels of performance and productivity.
Seek continuous improvement.
Human Resources (HR)
Understand the Employee Handbook and adhere to policies.
• Comply with rules and regulations contained in the Crew Handbook and as directed by Supervisor including, but not limited to:Report to work on time and ready for duty;
o Depart the vessel(s) only when properly relieved;
o Ensure that the proper uniform is worn and grooming standards are met;
o Complete required administrative forms clearly and accurately, including Accident/Incident Reports and any/all other required HR forms/processes
Management Systems
Understand and comply with the Safety Management System (SMS)
Understand and comply with the Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs)
Maintain crew qualification binder.
Client Relations
Present professional level of customer service and appearance to all clients, both internal and external.
Regulatory Compliance
Collaborate with other HMS personnel to remain attentive to regulatory requirements and alert to regulatory changes.
Assist Master in ensuring compliance with all applicable local, state, and federal safety and environmental regulations.
Assist Master in ensuring vessel is in an inspection-ready condition at all times.
Administration / Financial
Ensure that all spending is approved, conscientious, careful and focused.
Reporting
Report all deficiencies to the Master.
Other Duties
Perform other duties as assigned.
Minimum Qualifications & Requirements
Education:
HS Diploma
Professional Certification(s) or License:
Valid U.S.C.G. 4,000 horsepower 500 gross ton credential and ability to maintain
Valid Transportation Worker Identification Credential (TWIC Card), and/or ability to obtain and maintain
Valid First Aid/CPR Certification, and/or ability to obtain and maintain
Valid Driver’s License
Copy of DD214, if Veteran status
Skills & Abilities:
Excellent verbal and written communications skills
Ability to effectively interact with the passengers, guests, and fellow employees.
Ability to work in fast-paced, quickly-changing environment
Ability to use independent judgment and discretion to develop and execute innovative solutions to crew management and morale issues
Demonstrated ability to bring increased value to task through efficiencies and cost-control
Computer proficient with Microsoft Office, including Excel, Word, PowerPoint, and Outlook
Experience:
Excellent career record in marine industry.
Supervisory experience preferred
Other: Must be at least 18 years of age.Submit to and pass alcohol and drug tests as mandated by the USCG including but not limited to pre-employment, random, reasonable suspicion and post-accident/incident testing.
Working Conditions:
The majority of work is performed in both a Marine environment and office environment. The Marine environment is subject to outdoor conditions with exposure to various temperatures and weather conditions, along with a moderate to loud noise level. The Marine operation is subject to varied wake and motion. The office environment presents a moderate noise level.
Physical Requirements:
Ability to stand and walk on nearly a constant basis
Ability to bend, rotate and reach frequently
Ability to carry, push/pull and/or lift materials weighing upwards of 75 lbs.
Ascending/descending stairs or ladders safely
Ability to manipulate/handle/grip materials required to perform job
Ability to maneuver through/in/around small and/or confined areas within the vessel
Must be able to maintain both static and dynamic standing balance to complete various duties associated with job
Must be capable of performing emergency duties as listed in the vessel’s station bill
Vision must be correctible to 20/40 with full color vision in both eyes and no night blindness.
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work to be performed. This job description is not to be construed as an all-inclusive list of all activities, duties and/or responsibilities that are required of the employee. All duties, responsibilities, or activities may be changed, as well as additional duties assigned, at any time with or without notice.


Go to apply 

