Job Title = Engineer

Job Title: Engineer (JP6421)
Location:Thousand Oaks, CA
Employment Type: Contract, Onsite M-F 8-5
Duration: 12 months with likely extensions

3Key Consulting is looking for an Engineer for a leading, international pharmaceutical company headquartered in Thousand Oaks, CA.

Job Summary:

MS in mechanical Engineering, at least 1 year of professional work experience, solid works, technical writing skills, Statistical skills, great problem solving skills.

Job Details:
Position involves support of senior staff in the initiation, design, and delivery of projects, particularly for automation related scope.
Employ basic engineering skills and practices to gather user requirements and translate them into technical documentation for execution by third party firms.
Assist with project definition by performing engineering studies and assessment for automation system installations.
Perform field evaluations of existing systems and provide engineering design recommendations.
Skills:
previous intern experience is a plus
experience with automation is a plus, as well as experience with computer programming, systems, and/or robotics.

Top Must have Skill Sets:
solid works
writing documentation
Team work

Day-To-Day Responsibilities:
Lab testing
writing procedures
CAD
qualifications and validations
Statistics

Employee Value Proposition:
This group has a strong track record of converting workers over to FTE's and also extending to the max 3 year duration. This individual will part of a team that interacts with various teams and will get exposure and experience in this role. A lot of opportunity to learn and grow.

Red Flags:
poor resume design
no engineering experience
no internship or prior work experience

Interview Process: in person

We invite qualified candidates to send your resume to . If you decide that you’re not interested in pursuing this position, please feel free to look at other positions on our website You are welcome to also share this posting with anyone you think might be interested in applying for this role.


Apply now

