Job Title = Mechanic

CLASS DESCRIPTION:
Under the general direction of the Mechanic V/Supervisory Staff, is responsible for maintaining and repairing a variety of mechanical equipment use by the Geauga County Engineer. Employee performs gener ally skilled equipment repair work. Responsible for the careful and safe operation of a variety of motorized equipment.
QUALIFICATIONS: An example of acceptable qualifications:
Completion of secondary education or equivalent and some experience in the field of auto mechanics, or any equivalent combination of education, experience, and training which provides the required knowledge, skills, and abilities.
LICENSURE OR CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS:
Must possess a valid Ohio Class A Commercial Driver’s license with a “N” Tanker Endorsement within 90 days after beginning employment; must possess a valid Ohio Driver’s licenses; must maintain insurability under the Engineer’s insurance policy.
EQUIPMENT OPERATED: The following are examples only and are not intended to be all inclusive:
Hand tools, power tools, mechanics tools, dump-truck, snowplow, loader, backhoe, roller, air grinders, grader, tractor, welding equipment, air compressor.
INHERENTLY HAZARDOUS OR PHYSICALLY DEMANDING WORKING CONDITIONS:
The employee must negotiate, use, work with, or in the vicinity of: floor and wall openings; open-sided floors; platforms and runways; portable and fixed ladders; stairs and scaffolding; compressed gases (e.g., oxygen, argon, acetylene); flammable and combustible liquids (e.g., gasoline, diesel fuel, propane); corrosives; air contaminants; hazardous chemicals; human blood or other potentially infectious materials; personal protective equipment including eye and face protection, respiratory protection, head protection, foot and head protection; overhead or gantry crane and other vehicles on a construction site; woodworking equipment; hand and portable tools; abrasive wheels; arc welding and cutting; electrical wiring; other construction activities; lift up to one hundred fifty (150) pounds and carry up to eighty (80) pounds.
The employee has exposure to: potentially vicious animals; hot, cold, wet, humid or windy weather conditions; hazardous driving conditions; shaking objects or surfaces; noisy operations or activities; second hand smoke.
Note: In accordance with the U.S. Department of Labor physical demands strength ratings, this is considered medium work.
JOB DESCRIPTION AND WORKER CHARACTERISTICS:
JOB DUTIES in order of importance
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS OF THE POSITION: For purposes of 42 USC 12101:
70% (1) Performs maintenance and repair on all assigned vehicles and equipment operated by the Engineer’s Office (e.g., services, repairs, and tunes diesel engines; rebuilds and services transmissions; rebuilds and replaces hydraulic systems and brake and exhaust systems; changes oil and other fluids; replaces head lights, signal lights, wiring, and tires; etc.) and operates test equipment to locate mechanical problems.
20% (2) Assists in modifying vehicles and equipment as directed (e.g., affixes snowplows and assists welder, etc.); replaces and sharpens blades on mowers; responds to call-outs (e.g. tree cutting, light repair, signs, snow plowing, etc.) as needed; road tests trucks; cleans and maintains garage
5% (3) Maintains required licensures, certification, and continuing education requirements, if any.
(4) Meets all job safety requirements and all applicable safety standards that pertain to essential functions.
(5) Demonstrates regular and predictable attendance.
OTHER DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
5% (6) Performs other related duties as assigned.
(7) Attends staff meetings as assigned.
NOTE: May be required to be on call 24 hours a day, as necessary.
MINIMUM ACCEPTABLE CHARACTERISTICS: (*indicates developed after employment)
Knowledge of: *Engineer’s goals and objectives; *Engineer’s policies and procedures; *department goals and objectives; *department policies and procedures; safety practices and procedures; emergency response operations for release, or threats of release, of hazardous substances (motor oil); emergency plans for evacuation purposes; fire plans for the prevention of fire hazards; first aid; vehicle maintenance and repair; heavy and medium duty equipment maintenance and repair; proper lifting techniques; snow and ice removal.
Skill in: welding; use of mechanics’ tools and equipment; snowplow operation.
Ability to: carry out instructions in written, oral, or picture form; deal with problems involving several variables within familiar context; recognize unusual or threatening conditions and take appropriate action; exercise independent judgment and discretion; complete routine forms; maintain records according to established procedures; communicate effectively; cooperate with co-workers on group projects; develop and maintain effective working relationships; perform heavy manual labor for extended periods of time in adverse conditions; travel to and gain access to work sites.


Go to apply 

