Job Title = Highway Worker

CLASS DESCRIPTION:
Under the close supervision of a Foreman/HWVI is responsible for maintaining and repairing county highway roads and bridges. Employee performs generally unskilled to semi-skilled tasks usually as a member of a designated work crew. Employee is responsible for the careful and safe operation of a variety of motorized equip ment. Employee is responsible for all snow and ice removal activities.
QUALIFICATIONS: An example of acceptable qualifications:
Completion of secondary education or equivalent; or any equivalent combination of education, experience, and training which provides the required knowledge, skills, and abilities.
LICENSURE OR CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS:
Must possess a valid Ohio Class A Commercial Driver’s license with a “N” Tanker Endorsement (within 90 days of employment); must possess a valid Ohio Driver’s license; must maintain insurability under the Engineer’s insurance policy.
EQUIPMENT OPERATED: The following are examples only and are not intended to be all inclusive:
Hand tools, power tools, chainsaw, dump-truck, snowplow truck, tractor, chipper, roller, loader, power broom, air compressor.
INHERENTLY HAZARDOUS OR PHYSICALLY DEMANDING WORKING CONDITIONS:
The employee must negotiate, use, work with, or in the vicinity of: floor and wall openings; open-sided floors; platforms and runways; portable and fixed ladders; stairs and scaffolding; compressed gases (e.g., oxygen, argon, acetylene); flammable and combustible liquids (e.g., gasoline, diesel fuel, propane); corrosives; air contaminants; hazardous chemicals; human blood or other potentially infectious materials; personal protective equipment including eye and face protection, respiratory protection, head protection, foot and head protection; overhead or gantry crane and other vehicles on a construction site; woodworking equipment; hand and portable tools; abrasive wheels; arc welding and cutting; electrical wiring; other construction activities; lift up to one hundred fifty (150) pounds and carry up to eighty (80) pounds.
The employee has exposure to: potentially vicious animals; hot, cold, wet, humid or windy weather conditions; hazardous driving conditions; shaking objects or surfaces; noisy operations or activities; second hand smoke.
Note: In accordance with the U.S. Department of Labor physical demands strength ratings, this is considered medium work.
JOB DESCRIPTION AND WORKER CHARACTERISTICS:
JOB DUTIES in order of importance
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS OF THE POSITION: For purposes of 42 USC 12101:
35% (1) Performs snow and ice control activities and applies brine material; installs, removes and repairs guardrails; performs traffic control on job sites; performs bridge maintenance and repair; operates light equipment such as chippers, rollers, front end loaders, power broom, air compressor, welder to assist in construction and repair of roads, ditches, bridges, and related areas. performs routine preventative maintenance on various equipment operated (e.g., checks fluid levels, tire pressure, lights, brakes and other safety devices, washes vehicles, etc.) and reports problems and/or malfunctions to the proper authorities; maintains records reflecting fuel used to operate equipment; stock piles salt and cinders.
30% (2) Performs sewer/drive pipe/crossover jetting; performs unskilled and semi-skilled labor to assist other maintenance workers in constructing and repairing roads, ditches, bridges, and guardrails; operates small hand tools and power tools such as chain saws, rakes, air tools, and shovels; performs culvert installations and repairs; removes and trims trees from roadways.
25% (3) Performs hydroseeding; seals cracks in roadways; performs berm and ditch maintenance as needed; performs heavy manual labor tasks such as shoveling, raking, and other tasks necessary on road, bridge and drainage crews in maintenance or construction type situations
5% (3) Maintains required licensures, certification, and continuing education requirements, if any.
(4) Meets all job safety requirements and all applicable safety standards that pertain to essential functions.
(5) Demonstrates regular and predictable attendance.
OTHER DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
5% (6) Performs other related duties as assigned.
(7) Attends staff meetings as assigned.
NOTE: May be required to be on call 24 hours a day, as necessary.
MINIMUM ACCEPTABLE CHARACTERISTICS: (*indicates developed after employment)
Knowledge of: *Engineer’s goals and objectives; *Engineer’s policies and procedures; department goals and objectives; department policies and procedures; safety practices and procedures; emergency response operations for release, or threats of release, of hazardous substances (asphalt); two-way radio operations; road construction, maintenance, and repair; proper lifting techniques; snow and ice removal.
Skill in: motor vehicle operation; snow and ice control operation; equipment operation; operation of light and heavy hand held equipment; computer operation.
Ability to: carry out instructions in written, oral, or picture form; deal with problems involving several variables within familiar context; recognize unusual or threatening conditions and take appropriate action; communicate effectively; cooperate with co-workers on group projects; develop and maintain effective working relationships; resolve complaints; perform heavy manual labor for extended periods of time in often adverse conditions; travel to and gain access to work sites.
Understands that: snow and ice control is an especially demanding aspect of employment because of the variable and harsh northeast Ohio winters and will be required to work long, abnormal, and difficult hours.


Go to apply 

