Job Title = Engineer

Company Description

ANALYGENCE, INC. (ANALYGENCE) is a Disadvantaged, Service Disabled Veteran-Owned professional services small business established in 2010 on the principle of providing our customers with results driven professionals that understand the dynamic customer environment and can be relied upon to help them achieve their objectives. ANALYGENCE works with customers to develop and execute innovative strategies to improve processes and achieve customer goals. Our people are service-oriented professionals with varying military, government and industry backgrounds, who understand the level of commitment and flexibility it takes to progress customers forward in a dynamic work environment. We cater to the specific needs of each individual customer to help them lay out a path for success.Job Description

ANALYGENCE is seeking two cleared Engineers to deliver detailed technical analysis and written appraisals supporting technology transfer risk assessment products.
Our Intelligence Community (IC) customer produces written assessments of technology transfer and diversion risks associated with foreign acquisitions and other involvement in existing and emerging critical U.S. defense technologies and/or sectors. Supported organizations include the Department of Defense (DoD), IC agencies, The Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS), and other U.S. Government agencies.
Additional Information:
Security Clearance: Active TS required, SCI eligibility required, CI Polygraph required
Location: Charlottesville, VA
Travel: Occasional, but generally infrequent, short-duration domestic and international travel
Salary: dependent upon experience
Available: upon award
Responsibilities
Integrate with government engineers and intelligence analysts to perform work in compliance with the analytical standards identified in IC Directive 203. Candidates shall possess advanced knowledge of the IC and DoD missions and functions.
Locate, synthesize, and interpret large amounts of textual and technical data such as Intelligence Information Reports (IIRs), finished intelligence (FINTEL), filtered real-time data feeds, message traffic, directed-searches results, and task-specific, specialized data sources.
Conduct detailed technology analysis supporting comprehensive written technology transfer risk assessments.
Develop complex analytical approaches to problems and situations for which data is incomplete, controversial, or for which no precedent exists.
Develop innovative approaches to engineering analysis and validate analytical conclusions.
Maintain and update extensive intelligence databases, systems, and collaborative mechanisms for sharing relevant technical information to support on-going and projected projects.
Brief and defend analytical outcomes and perform exploitation requirements in coordination with peers and customers throughout the IC.
Provide comprehensive and completed products that require minor revisions and/or editing.
Work independently with minimal oversight.
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree or higher in sciences, engineering, mathematics or related discipline required.
8+ years of experience in applying a wide range of engineering/architectural theories, concepts, principles, standards and methods. Engineers in a specific field should have experience in one of the following areas:
Biochemical Engineering
Electrical Engineering
Mechanical Engineering
Aerospace Engineer
Computer Engineering
Knowledge and experience in technology transfer risk assessment, U.S. export license end-user review, and/or CFIUS is highly desired.Qualifications

Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree or higher in sciences, engineering, mathematics or related discipline required.
8+ years of experience in applying a wide range of engineering/architectural theories, concepts, principles, standards and methods. Engineers in a specific field should have experience in one of the following areas:
Biochemical Engineering
Electrical Engineering
Mechanical Engineering
Aerospace Engineer
Computer Engineering
Knowledge and experience in technology transfer risk assessment, U.S. export license end-user review, and/or CFIUS is highly desired.
An active TS/SCI with CI polygraph clearance is required for consideration.

Additional Information

All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.


Go to apply 

