Job Title = Engineer

Engineer

Shoreham by Sea

£32,000

7pm- 7am Nights 4 on 4 off

Hunters’ client is an extremely fast growing manufacturing specialist requiring a multi skilled engineer to work as part of a team of engineers providing maintenance support for their busy 24/7 manufacturing operation. Often you will be the only engineer on the shift so you will need experience and confidence to troubleshoot and fix breakdowns. The engineer will need to be a natural team player with the skills we need to work with both engineering and operational teams.

Working on a 4 on 4 off 12 hour shift pattern covering both days and nights on rotation. This is very much a hands on position, servicing and fixing our machinery as efficiently as possible to ensure minimal downtime for our busy production team.

Duties include:

Responsible for the safety, maintenance and efficiency of all pieces of equipment held on site.
Responsible for all maintenance checks.
Occasionally responsible for training operatives on the safe running of equipment.
Maintaining and servicing all machinery; including mechanical and electrical aspects.
Installing and commissioning equipment and machinery electrically, pneumatically and mechanically.

Troubleshooting faults with mechanical, electrical, hydraulic and pneumatic systems in a wide variety of situations.

Troubleshoot faults with control gear and PLC systems.

Monitor and execute PPM of numerous items of plant machinery.

Carrying out other property / facilities / maintenance duties as required; including: monitoring, setting and maintenance of the heating, water and lighting systems general building maintenance (changing light bulbs, emergency light testing, basic plumbing etc.)
Perform basic IT tasks such as setup new PC's, printers and phones.
Troubleshoot basic IT problems such as loss of connectivity and local user issues, desirable .
Monitor and execute Planned Preventative Maintenance on various systems within the building such as annual inspection and testing of all electrical systems, desirable.
Perform routine checks such as fire alarm tests and PAT testing.
In a very reactive environment; compile and manage a call/job log.
Working alongside HS E Manager maximise safety in and around the site
Role: Engineer
Job Type: Permanent
Location: Shoreham-by-Sea, West Sussex,

Apply for this job now.


Go to apply 

