Job Title = Technician

Technician – Car Dealership in King's Lynn

If you are an experienced Automotive Technician or Mechanic, qualified to NVQ Level 3 or equivalent, seeking and exciting new Dealership role, then this opportunity could be just what you’re looking for.

Technician – Salary -

* Competitive Package - £22-26,000 Basic, £26-30,000 OTE

* Bonus and overtime available

The Next Step Automotive Recruitment are keen to talk to qualified and experienced Automotive Technicians in the West Norfolk area. You may be already working in a franchised Dealership, or a reputable independent Garage. If you take great pride in delivering a very high standard of work, then this could be your ideal job.

Technician – What we are looking for -

My client represents one of the most recognisable and desirable Automotive brands, and an opportunity has arisen to join their successful workshop team as a Technician.

You should be a team player, with excellent attention to detail and be qualified to NVQ Level 3, or equivalent. Though not essential, an MOT Smart Card would be beneficial.

In return, you can expect industry-leading training in order to progress your skills within this ever-evolving, highly exciting environment.

Technician – Responsibilities -

This role is Workshop-based and will include service and repair on a range of vehicles. You should be highly organised, conscientious and with a strong work ethic, completing jobs to Dealership standard along with all associated documentation.

Technician – Requirements -

* NVQ Level 3 or equivalent in a relevant discipline

* A full UK driving licence

* Passion for the Automotive industry

* Drive and determination

Fantastic support, world-class training and a highly rewarding earning potential await the successful candidate. Please apply for this vacancy by contacting Christian Major at The Next Step, quoting Job Ref. TNS1332

Due to the volume of applicants we receive, it may not be possible to respond to every one individually. If you do not receive a response within 7 days, please assume you have been unsuccessful on this occasion, but if you do have relevant industry experience, we will retain your details and will be in touch when further suitable roles emerge


Go to apply 

