Job Title = Engineer

Location: DFW Hangar (DFW-HGR1)
Additional Locations: None
Requisition ID: 33203

Intro

Are you ready to explore a world of possibilities, both at work and during your time off? Join our American Airlines family, and you'll travel the world, grow your expertise and become the best version of you. As you embark on a new journey, you'll tackle challenges with flexibility and grace, learning new skills and advancing your career while having the time of your life. Feel free to enrich both your personal and work life and hop on board!

Why you'll love this job

This job is a member of the Engineering Team within the Integrated Operations Division.
Responsible for Engineering support on various aircraft structure/system/interior/avionics.
Develops and substantiates repairs and dispositions for discrepancies on transport category aircraft.
Troubleshoots and resolves operational issues on transport category aircraft.

What you'll do

See JD for L2 and L3 Description

All you'll need for success

Minimum Qualifications- Education & Prior Job Experience

Bachelor's degree
in Engineering or related Engineering degree
Preferred Qualifications- Education & Prior Job Experience

3 years
working history as an engineer with airframe/system or related experience
Knowledge of CFRs, maintenance programs, SM, AMM, IPC, FIM and CMM
Skills, Licenses & Certifications

Knowledge of Microsoft Office to include Word, Excel, Outlook, etc.
Excellent analytical, technical writing, problem solving, communication, planning and organizational skills
Ability to work under pressure
Must
be self-motivated and disciplined in their work ethics

What you'll get

Feel free to take advantage of all that American Airlines has to offer:

Travel Perks: Ready to explore the world? You, your family and your friends can reach 365 destinations on more than 6,800 daily flights across our global network.
Health Benefits: On day one, you'll have access to your health, dental, prescription and vision benefits to help you stay well. And that's just the start, we also offer virtual doctor visits, flexible spending accounts and more.
Wellness Programs: We want you to be the best version of yourself - that's why our wellness programs provide you with all the right tools, resources and support you need.
401(k) Program: Available upon hire and, depending on the workgroup, employer contributions to your 401(k) program are available after one year.
Additional Benefits: Other great benefits include our Employee Assistance Program, pet insurance and discounts on hotels, cars, cruises and more

Feel Free to be yourself at American

From the team members we hire to the customers we serve, inclusion and diversity are the foundation of the dynamic workforce at American Airlines. Our 20+ Employee Business Resource Groups are focused on connecting our team members to our customers, suppliers, communities and shareholders, helping team members reach their full potential and creating an inclusive work environment to meet and exceed the needs of our diverse world.

Are you ready to feel a tremendous sense of pride and satisfaction as you do your part to keep the largest airline in the world running smoothly as we care for people on life's journey? Feel free to be yourself at American.

Additional Locations: None
Requisition ID: 33203
- provided by Dice

Full Time


Go to apply 

