Job Title = Engineer

Description

About the Sheraton Tysons Hotel

Adjacent to the Spring Hill Road Metrorail Silver Line Stop, Sheraton Tysons Hotel grants you seamless access to all the things to do in Tysons Corner and Washington, D.C. The Sheraton Tysons Hotel has established itself as the Tysons area's hotel meeting destination.

Thrive in a newly energized urban and residential setting with thoughtful service for our guests as they enrich their stay with a local experience at the legendary Wolf Trap National Park for the Performing Arts, famous wineries and a variety of parks, attractions, and entertainment.

Please! come join our expert team as we help our guests plan the perfect meeting or family gathering.

The Engineer role

Perform general maintenance work to ensure hotel maintenance quality standards are achieved and maintained.

ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:

1. Assist with preventative maintenance and complete report work orders such as replacing ceiling tiles, light bulbs, patching vinyl, etc., to maintain the hotel and keep the product quality standard.

2. Perform preventative maintenance assignments on a scheduled basis (e.g., "room care").

3. Assist in checking electrical systems such as air conditioning controls, television sets, lighting systems, and make minor repairs and/or replacement.

4. Assist in checking and making routine repairs and assist on major repairs of all hotel equipment including small appliances, kitchen equipment, laundry equipment, boilers, pool equipment, HVAC, hand and power tools and general plumbing systems and fixtures such as pipe lines, toilets and sinks, kitchen and laundry equipment.

5. Service the hotel's pool, including adjusting chemicals and cleaning filters; completing maintenance request forms and record logs.

6. Maintain the building exterior and "curb appeal" (e.g., snow removal, lawn care, painting, gardening).

7. Refurbish furniture and fixtures within guest rooms such as cabinets, tables, chairs, doors windows and counters. Paint and finish furniture and fixtures if needed.

8. Respond in a courteous manner to all guest questions, complaints, and/or requests to ensure strong guest satisfaction.

1 years of training or experience that provides the required knowledge, skills and abilities necessary to perform the duties of the position.

Ability to understand the English language so as to fully comprehend job requests

High School Diploma required

Climbing, reading, standing, walking and routinely lifting 25 lbs to 50 lbs.
SDL2017


Go to apply 

