Job Title = Engineer

The Company

The Enterprise Consulting Group is a St. Louis-based premier provider of IT Infrastructure solutions and services. We sell custom solutions using a "best of breed" selection from our portfolio of hardware and software products. Some of our Partners include... Cisco, Oracle, PGP, Checkpoint, RSA Security and Novell SuSE.

The Opportunity

ECG is hiring Junior and Senior level Systems Engineers. We offer substantial income potential and reward experience with a competitive base salary plus an accelerated commission plan and an annual performance bonus. Other benefits include ongoing training, paid vacation, 401K, excellent healthcare coverage, car allowance and mobile phone allowance, and expense reimbursement

Our unique approach to Enterprise IT Infrastructure solutions mandates a high-end "swat-team" strategy to software, database, network and systems engineering. This is achieved through an intimate relationship with our "best-of-breed" hardware and software vendors, a dedication to training and certification, and a rigorous practice of in-house demonstration and evaluation.

The Candidate

You are currently a junior or senior level systems (UNIX, MS, LINUX or NOVELL) engineer; network (LAN, WAN or Internet) and or internet security engineer; software (Java, Java Script, JSP, C, C++, apache or Perl) engineer or database (MySQL, Oracle, SQL Server, DB2 or Informix) Engineer; IT project manager or process/best practice (ITIL) Data Center specialist. You are at home with heads down detail work or in a suite talking the solution with a prospect or customer. You are adept at the English language and are proud of your ability to speak it and write it. Status/Site reports and project documentation are part of your craft, not something you shun. You are a team player and your attitude is the very measure of your success and you believe in your heart that on a team of like-minded professionals, there is nothing that can't be done! You have a passion for quality and integrity and demand the same from those around you!

The Process

If you satisfy the candidate criteria, please email the following to or fax all three to, attention: Sr. Director of Professional Services.
SDL2017


Go to apply 

