Job Title = Engineer

One of the newest hotels to join the Pyramid Hotel Group Family, the Embassy Suites by Hilton Palm Desert is centrally located in the resort city of Palm Desert, CA, and only 12 miles from Palm Springs.
Boasting 198 suites, over 10,500 square feet of meeting space and our restaurant, Sonoma Grille, our hotel is not only a great place to stay, it's an even better place to work!
Find out today what a career at the Embassy Suites by Hilton Palm Desert and Pyramid Hotel Group can mean for you!
Pyramid Hotel Group is committed to being the best, most desirable employer in the industry.To achieve this goal, we recognize the importance of providing respect, support and rewards to all of our people. We seek motivated and enthusiastic team players to join Pyramid Hotel Group who believe in these same values.Pyramid is comprised of a diverse group of individuals. Some of our people have worked together for many years; others have recently joined our team, but all bring dynamic insights and perspectives. Together we strive for excellence in every endeavor.
The Engineer will maintain the hotel's assets through ongoing preventative maintenance programs and ensures that all mechanical systems are operating in accordance with standards. Promotes quality service to achieve maximum guest satisfaction.
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:

Respond to and handle guest requests in a courteous, efficient, safe manner.

Perform preventive maintenance and necessary repairs all hotel equipment, including kitchen, laundry, boiler, plumbing, pool, HVAC, electrical and guest rooms.

Maintains rooms in optimal operating condition by performing repairs as needed. Repairs televisions, phones, clock radios, etc. Replaces or repairs damaged bathroom/kitchen fixtures and executes general plumbing as needed. Maintains the overall appearance of the room; replaces broken mirrors, hangs fixtures, does touch-up painting, etc. Repairs and maintains room's heating/ventilating/air condition systems. Uses both power and hand tools regularly in a safe, efficient manner.

Understands the Preventative Maintenance Program. Prepares preventative maintenance cart for use each day. Performs preventative maintenance throughout the hotel; including both the front and heart of house, interior and exterior. Maintains the condition of hotel lobbies and public areas. Repairs furniture and decorations as necessary. Repairs carpet, tile and laminates as necessary. Repairs and maintains laundry/housekeeping equipment. Repairs/replaces windows and mirrors. Maintains exterior of buildings and grounds as necessary.

Maintains operating equipment in working condition by performing routine equipment checks and repairs.

Maintains inventory and orders supplies as needed.

Maintains and assists in the cleanliness of maintenance work areas.

Assists in the maintenance and cleaning of pool and spas; handling all pool chemicals in a safe manner.

Handles master set of keys in accordance to hotel standards for overall security of hotel.

Respond to all emergency situations including fire alarms, bomb threats, disasters and power failures; notify the appropriate authorities

Make rounds of the hotel property to ensure everything is in working order.

Complete maintenance requests, take equipment and meter readings and maintain log to notify the next shift.

Document all parts used and parts needed to be purchased.

Handle elevator breakdowns.

Report any unsafe conditions to the Chief Engineer.

Must be a team player, flexible to cover different shifts, work well with others

Must have open availability; be able to work AM/PM/Weekends/Holidays

Must be able to work well with other department team members

Must be proficient in both speaking and writing English

Be efficient working under high-pressure situations

Must be able to work independently and make independent decisions

Able to provide solutions to guests when issues are brought to your attention

Able to multi-task & keep working areas clean & organized

Prefer knowledge of local areas but not required

Be on time to come to work and leave work on time

Have reliable transportation to come to work

Must appear professional and ready to work at beginning of shift

Must adhere to the required dress code

Must be warm, friendly and hospitable

Know how to go beyond what is required to make guests stay excellent

Present a smiling and friendly demeanor all the time

Have a "can do it all" attitude

Attends to all duties as assigned
Opening ID: 2019-7164
External Company URL:
Street: 74-700 Highway 111


Go to apply 

