Job Title = Engineer

Role: Engineer Shift: 1st 8AM-4:30PM Estimated Duration (in months): 12 months with possible extension based on project need and duration Travel Requirements: Domestic and International, as required to support project, up tp 25% Description of Work: This position is responsible for providing technical test support at an intermediate level in support of a long term project.
Incumbents work under general supervision with instructions given for routine work and detailed instructions given for new work or special assignments.
May seek the advice of senior personnel in their functional area.
The position reports directly to a Group Leader or Manager of the group.
However, on a day-to-day basis, this position will work with and at the direction of the groups engineers and senior technicians.
This individual will work with personnel at other sites as well as with external personnel.
Some travel (domestic and international), as required to support the needs of the project.
Skills/Qualifications: Education: Associate//Bachelor degree preferred (technical degree in functional area) Experience: 0-5 years applicable experience EEO Employer Apex Systems is an equal opportunity employer.
We do not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, disability, status as a crime victim, protected veteran status, political affiliation, union membership, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law.
If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at -6178.


Go to apply 

