Job Title = Engineer

About Moy Park Moy Park is one of the UK's top 15 food companies and one of Europe's leading poultry producers.
Moy Park is the European Division of Pilgrim's Pride and employs over 12,000 people across 12 manufacturing locations in the UK, France and Holland.
People of Moy Park We are passionate about our people and recognise our teams, along with their individual drive and passion, are the reason for our continued success.
This is your opportunity to join a forward-thinking, exciting business- applying to join our business is easy.
Your role Based at our new Hatchery near Newark Nottinghamshire, this role reports directly to the Engineering Manager.
The successful applicant will be responsible for installing, maintaining and carrying out improvements to the equipment within the Hatchery facility.
A key objective is to keep downtime to a minimum, investigate and implement cost improvements, whilst working to maintain quality, hygiene and health and safety standards.
The role includes maintaining and carrying out improvements to the equipment within the facility.
A key objective within this role is to keep downtime to a minimum whilst working to maintain quality, hygiene and health and safety standards.
The role requires working a 4 on/4 off shift pattern working typical 40 hours per week on 6am-6pm shifts so flexibility may be required.
Additional on-call support will also be required as per the needs of the business.
What you'll need The ideal candidate must be a time-served electrical engineer with full qualifications and a proven track record within an electrical maintenance role with good working mechanical knowledge.
They will have been involved in PPM and project work ideally within a feed mill environment, along-side experience of PLC controls.
Successful applicants must be reliable, highly organized and able to work well under pressure.
Mechanical experience will ideally include conveyors, elevators, inverters and pressure systems (steam and pneumatic). The role will also require the ability to obtain quotations for spares and consumable stocks whilst overseeing small project installations from concept to handover as and when required.
Another key objective of this role will be to ensure legal compliance at all times so experience with legislative restrictions would be advantageous.
A full UK driving licence is essential.
Perks of Moy Park Competitive salary Above statutory holiday entitlement Pension scheme Flexible working Continuous training provided Free on-site parking Discounted employee shop Life cover Shopping discounts


Go to apply 

