Job Title = Engineer

We are looking for two engineers that have experience within production environment.

Shifts available 7am-3pm or 11pm-7am

You will have the ability to deliver effective engineering solutions and be proactive in developing improvements to benefit line efficiencies.
The role will be to ensure that all plant and machinery is maintained and operates to the highest level of efficiency and safety.

Skills needed for the role:

Professional handling of all production engineering issues.
Blister and packing experience, but we understand this is rare but food grade is a must and lots of experience.
Must have worked in a GMP site.
They must have more mechanical that electrical experience as electrical is less than 10% of the job.
They must have a lot of reactive engineering experience as that is the job.
Good attention to detail when finding engineering solution to support production
Strong organisational skills for workload
Flexible in supporting business needs
Uses initiative to drive improvements

Key Responsibilities include:

Ensuring that Planned Preventative Maintenance System is implemented and followed.
Ensuring that the stock of authorised spares is maintained and advising on spares that are required.
The monitoring control of all engineering sub-contractors.
You may be required to train others as part of your role.

Other duties may be required to be undertaken as and when necessary.

If you are interested in this role then please contact Nicola English on (phone number removed)

Thank you for your interest in this vacancy, which is being advertised by Osborne Appointments, who are acting as an employment agency / business. Your application will be considered in competition with others and we will contact you within 3 working days. Should you wish to speak to one of our team, please contact the OA Bedford office on (phone number removed)..

Osborne Appointments is an award winning recruitment agency specialising in the supply of temporary, contract and permanent placements. In order to keep up to date with all our recruitment activity, please like us on Facebook, follow us on Instagram and sign up for free email job alerts on our website
Role: Engineer
Job Type: Permanent
Location: Bedford, Bedfordshire,

Apply for this job now.


Go to apply 

