Job Title = Senior Software Engineer

Were looking for humble, but ambitious, razor-sharp Software Engineer significant depth in Ruby. Like us, you take SDLC, CI/CD, API, Analytics and integrations seriously; youre passionate about technology and, even more so, about product development. We embrace those who see things differently, arent afraid to experiment, and who have a healthy disregard for constraints. Thats where you come in. We are currently seeking a senior software engineer to help us realize our technical vision in an innovative and fast paced environment. Our selection process will emphasize technical and architectural skills as well as engineering fundamentals equally. The ideal candidate must be a master of their domain. Furthermore, the ideal candidate must be able to inspire and champion through influence when the need arises. We are looking for a rare mix of intelligence, integrity, domain knowledge, verbal agility, and diplomacy which allows you to rapidly earn the trust of technically astute engineers and product astute product management leaders.

Why We Need This Role
We are looking for a senior software engineer to help us realize our Builder Product and Enterprise Management systems visions and enable us to continue turning clients ideas into a fully functioning software at massive scale.

Why You Should Join
This is a challenging and diverse role that requires you to constantly operate near bleeding edges of technology. Youll be surrounded by teammates who never say I do not know how or I have never done that before, and constantly opt for how about we try this! Only join this role if you are craving rapid growth, able to create a path in uncharted territory, and comfortable with trying, failing and course-correcting fast.

First Six Month Deliverables
Collaborate with designers, product managers, and other software developers to deliver compelling user-facing products or enterprise wide integrations
As a part of the engineering scrum team, contribute to the architecture of efficient and reusable components that drive complex applications across the stack
Create integration and unit testing tools and hooks that enable availability and scalability
Identify and resolve functional, performance and scalability issues
Requirements
Strong drive and sense of ownership of the challenges we take on, coupled with a team-oriented, can-do attitude
5 plus years of relevant experience managing fast-paced and dynamic software engineering teams
Working knowledge of standard CS fundamentals (data structures, algorithms, complexity analysis)
A systematic debugging and problem solving methodology
Experience in globally geo distributed environments is a strong plus
Devops experience are strong plus
Have built your own Gem.
Integration of third party APIs, scraping, heavy data processing.
CS degree required or equivalent work experience
Capable of technical deep-dives, yet verbally and cognitively agile enough to hold their own in a product dialog
Experienced with Agile / Scrum methodologies
Expert understanding of object oriented and procedural Software Engineering, Data Engineering and cloud computing fundamentals
Expert understanding of Ruby
Expert understanding of SQL and NoSQL database architecture, strong understanding of RDS and data streaming services
Strong understanding of and experience with testing practices including unit testing, integration testing, acceptance, and load testing
Strong automation and CI / CD experience
Strong software and data security expertise
Pivotal Tracker or Jira, GitHub, CD/CI tools experience, some would say you are a master.
If I asked your previous team members about you, they would say you were a great teammate and they would very much welcome an opportunity to work with you once again
Benefits
Health and Wellness benefits including competitive medical, dental, and vision plans
Performance-based bonuses and stock options
Generous vacation and time off benefits including paid holidays
Generally flexible working hours
Working in a beautiful office space the heart of Silicon Beach in Playa Vista
A collaborative culture where unconventional thinkers come together to solve interesting problems and having fun while doing it
Mission-driven company that is making the world a better place


Go to apply 

