Job Title = Engineer

Type: Contract
Category: Scientific & Clinical
Job ID: 145732
Date Posted: 09/20/2019

Title: Engineer
Location: Mahwah, NJ
Duration: 1 year
Responsibilities:
The engineer will ensure proper and continuous operation of the manufacturing equipment, processes and system.
You will additionally lead base business projects and processes and work with cross functional teams to increase productivity and reduce cost.
Provide technical support for quality control, process improvement, cost savings, process development projects, new product launches, equipment qualifications, and process validations.
Operate within Stryker’s quality system to produce documentation such as, inspection plans, equipment maintenance logs and standard operating procedures (SOPs).
Support continuous improvement efforts by performing time studies, value stream analysis, flow analysis and other Lean related tasks
Investigate Quality issues for root cause and recommend/implement corrective actions.
Manage Engineering Change Notices for process changes from creation to final approval.
Make proposals/recommendations with regards to Capital equipment purchases, cost reduction opportunities (in-sourcing/outsourcing), and Supplier/Vendor selection.
Requirements:
Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering or related discipline; degree in Mechanical Engineering preferred
0-3 years of experience in a production/manufacturing environment
Relevant Co-Op/internship experience or project management experience is preferred
Demonstrated interpersonal, communication and presentation skills, must be comfortable presenting at team level meetings
Joule, a System One division is a leader in specialized workforce solutions and integrated services. With more than 6,000 employees and roughly 50 offices throughout the U.S. we provide scientific, clinical, engineering, energy, IT, legal and administrative staffing services. For more than 40 years, we have delivered workforce solutions and integrated services to clients nationally.
Apply Apply with Indeed


Go to apply 

